I went through the drive through and placed my order.
His father is one.
Everyone enjoyed looking at the sea creatures.
She kept kicking the counter with her feet.
When she almost arrived at the intersection, a moose appeared.
Upon awaking he yawned.
Ivy bet him five dollars that he couldn't.
All her friends were invited and were going to come.
I was dressed really sharply.
During one walk, he heard a cry come from the inside of an alley.
She showed her mother who laughed.
So she grabbed a hand basket and went to the aisle.
But at lunch, everyone wanted them.
Her grandma gave up trying to heal it.
She set the camera up.
Greg called his buddy to come work on the stairs.
Alan was moved and really wanted to do something to help.
However, the job made her feel very stressed out and sad.
I called the cable company one day.
Something about her look stopped him.
I had saved my money for a car of my own and was ready to buy one.
She called the hotel and spoke with a woman at the front desk.
I saw that my bathroom faucet was leaking.
She decided to go to the park.
She had never done laundry before but figured it couldn't be too hard.
I used it to jump over cars.
He did a lot of research online.
The pinewood derby is what they called it.
Brock was their backup quarterback.
Suddenly, he heard yelling.
But when others told him to sit correctly, he didn't listen.
He decided to look at the best performers in their fields.
The food was very tasty.
It is the british cartoon about a little pig.
Today they couldn't decide which game to play.
She took odd jobs wherever she could and collected cans and bottles.
He had even placed a bet on his favorite team.
Then, my friend recommended that I try roasted garlic.
She decided it would be easier to commit return fraud at her work.
He didn't mind until he turned 12.
It tried to cut it so I could cook it.
She is almost 40 years old, has two children, and still lives at home.
Unfortunately, I forgot my wallet at home.
She got off Facebook because she was getting upset.
The wind was whipping through the trees.
When she got home, she realized her cheese was gone.
It was the first day and she didn't know where the class was.
She made chicken parmigiana and rigatoni.
His best friend challenged him to a game.
She decided to go to the tryouts.
They came from different schools but had a lot in common.
The new owner starts making changes immediately.
She wanted to call her friend Beth on the phone.
He thought bowling looked pretty easy.
She never even pumped her own gas.
Each stocking is knitted and a character is on it.
I keep saying I'm going to color my hair but I never do.
The other players made jokes about me being a newbie.
He was shy, but he approached a stranger one day.
The cool water felt good to him as he swam.
He was trying to get some food, but he had no money.
They left Saturday morning bright and early to get a good spot.
He knows you shouldn't surf alone, but he still went.
One boy teased the other about a crush he had.
To win a prize, we were supposed to find the most eggs.
I had just finished mopping when my wife got home from work.
She could barely make ends meet, much less afford holiday gifts.
Bonnie and Blair decided to put on a puppet show.
Some sort of uprising was going on in the country.
She tasted it and it was delicious.
They had just painted their living room and a vent cover was off.
Amy brother Rob and his friend Alex watched them.
The painting competition was about to begin.
They wanted to see the premier of the new Star Wars movie.
They were disappointed to see the planetarium closed.
She took the tape away from the kids.
My dad went to work out of state.
But she found that she had outgrown all her own belts!
Alex's tears could hardly be seen against the water drenching them.
He practiced and practiced, working to get better.
One day after class, she saw that all of her belongings were gone.
One day he put a blanket on his head and called himself a ghost.
Every morning they were out on the football field before 7 Am.
He attributed his sickness to the Chinese food he ate last night.
She was thrilled when she got hired to be in a commercial.
He first decided to try a cat.
She enjoyed working out but her gym membership was expensive.
He wasn't paying much attention so he might have been speeding.
She wanted to plant a garden.
She would not watch where she was going.
His teammates were excited as he was, there was a buzz in the arena.
He tried to join the school's bowling league, but he didn't make it.
I hopped in the car and went to my local grocer.
I was excited because I really needed it.
They didn't realize how far out they were.
Jeff was ashamed because he got less than anyone else.
She loved how smooth she made it.
So she mixed up a big batch of fresh lemonade.
She couldn't always afford to eat out, though.
He didn't care where it was or what he did.
We especially liked to build forts in them.
The girls were bored out of their minds.
He was too poor.
He decided to wear a gaudy Christmas tree tie to the interview.
Yesterday, Todd went to class, but forgot his pen at home.
He went up against his rival and best friend Tom in the finals.
He wanted to go show his best friend Joey his new car.
Jill felt sad for a long time.
His roommate was very hungry, so he stole a slice.
I had a great time and the house was beautiful.
They were getting ready to decorate it.
A little girl walked close to her.
Unfortunately was not working.
One day while she was cutting flowers, she got stung by a bee.
She thought it was very important to always do her best.
Val liked to her about being bullied.
He told his detectives to do whatever they had to.
He almost hurt himself very badly.
His team is winning 3-1.
They were both very lazy.
The gift she wanted to make for her baby was a soft baby blanket.
She knew it would cost a lot to start one.
He ordered a burger at a restaurant.
She had promised him it would be the nasal spray version.
The cat had a hurt leg.
They spent the whole day cleaning up a soup kitchen.
They were waiting on her husband to arrive.
She was sitting with her friends and one of them offered her sandwich.
She had a big bunch of tickets to redeem.
Everyone kept asking him but he did not want for much.
He started doing it because of a wrong crowd.
He decided to hit the snooze button and sleep just a bit more.
He was rushed to the hospital.
Lucy watched as she put dye in her hair.
She was only 8, but she determined to please her mom!
She had never gone out of the southeast United States.
Every year we performed at solo and ensemble.
On the way home his car ran out of gas.
Suddenly, she was approached by a boy with a card and box.
Unfortunately, it was something they couldn't squeeze in the budget.
She had been watching movies to keep herself occupied.
She was really excited for her first job.
Her friends made fun of her strange choice for lunch.
When she turned 18, she vowed to see the big city.
His mom found a tutor.
The ad challenged people to write a novel in a month.
The evening after one of the conferences we went to a ball game.
She asked her dad to show her how to drive one.
The got one of each to see how it looked in their house.
She absolutely loved these things.
I was so captivated by him that I tripped and fell on the ground.
All Brittany ever wanted was a little baby.
He boarded at Luxor and they set off South.
One Saturday, he took them to the local farmers market.
They drove out to the woods and set up their tent.
He hiked for a long time.
She was only on her bike for a few minutes before she got a flat tire.
A neighbor told him the house was haunted one day.
She and her friends were playing cards in the cabin.
We had the sweetest housekeeper who did a great job for us.
He decided to use that talent to make money.
Most of his bills were now overdue since his layoff.
He loved the job but got fired after fighting a referee.
She loved the Beatles just like me.
My friend's ball landed in the water.
She found a cozy spot to read in the back of the mobile library.
Drake was a homosexual.
His family said that airfare was too expensive.
On a whim one day, he entered his sketches into a contest.
They said it was a surprise.
They were ordering and chatting with the waiter.
For Thanksgiving, Ann's mom filled the freezer with pies.
I decided to make chocolate.
He looked all over the house trying to find money to pay for it.
He called his local plumber.
He assumed randy takes steroids on a regular basis.
When Janet was completely in, he cut half of the box.
The security guard asked for her ID since she looked young.
Being allowed to ram into another car was so much fun.
However, his family encouraged him to learn the flute instead.
He told all his supporters to put up signs around town.
Her favorite was ho-ho's.
She kept putting off studying to hang out with friends.
We would go door to door trying to sell.
Amy was more nervous than the first time they broke curfew.
I took the train to get to my destination.
He went to the Ford dealership.
Every Christmas his stocking is full of candy.
She started noticing the morning sickness right away.
She'd been hiking in the woods the whole day!
She was so excited to see the red car in the driveway.
Her husband and she argued over what game they should play.
He wished for a life that held more excitement so he joined the Army.
He loved to cook.
The sushi chef told me that I should try some fatty tuna.
She was only 8, but imagined a whole world around her.
Her grandpa wanted her to come back down to help clean up.
He went over his friend Billy's house and played for the first time.
Her mom decided to put her in ballet.
He called every hotel in the city, but they were booked.
They headed to an old abandoned barn to light them.
Daddy rocked her and began to sing.
They slept in a tent that night.
One day he got a call to fix a refrigerator.
While visiting, Reba snuck in the closet with a scissors.
He decided to take a pottery class.
He was supposed to be at the auditorium for opening night.
But she was lactose intolerant.
He loves looking good for work in shined shoes.
She hoped she'd get to see some.
As a job seeker, Charles put his cell phone number on applications.
While in gym class she forgot to put away her shoes.
Her uncle was driving the boat.
Suddenly, there was an announcement to go outside.
The first ball was very hard to make.
She had practiced a lot, but she was still nervous.
She went to her mother to find out when they were leaving.
She walked across several tables.
Susanna's boyfriend hates Ashley.
After a few drinks, they decided to try karaoke.
One of the guys who worked there was restocking the shelves.
She was almost all the way dilated.
All of a sudden a loud sound scared the dog.
His brother Liam jumped on his pile of LEGOs.
First, she tried a complicated cake, but it collapsed.
He is too lazy to get a new job, but sometimes he worries about money.
Then wanted to make s'mores.
They would argue constantly over who was right about an issue.
One day, she hit a pedestrian.
Suddenly, he noticed something wet on his back.
Jon loved his dog with all his heart.
However, one halloween, she decides to try a small piece.
So she decided she wanted to start dating again.
He popped a pimple on his face and smoothed his beard.
He left it on the table along with a granola bar to take the next day.
They got together at the local park to give it a shot.
All the kids were doing tricks and having fun.
His friend's family ordered two large pizzas.
He took a few classes.
Usually he wears jeans while riding his motorcycle.
Amanda was excited since she had never taken a boat ride.
So he decided to buy an ant farm.
She spiked his cherry Lambrini with antifreeze.
He checks all of his pockets but his keys aren't there.
We practiced all summer to be the best we could be.
These people should look closely at what a need is.
Lucy missed a party because she was far from home.
She was tired of living in hotel after hotel.
However, he cannot decide what to ask her to do.
He read several books to study beekeeping.
She called up her friends.
She went into the kitchen and looked at the pot.
The doctor said Bob was deficient in vitamin B12.
The show included performers juggling fire sticks and a belly dancer.
She piled all of her whites into the washer.
They were always running late.
He studied everyday for 4 hours.
She dreamed of flying through space exploring.
She drank coffee everyday.
One day the vats of ice cream began running over.
He wanted to ask her to prom, but he was afraid.
Her mom had caught her and grounded her.
She awoke feeling better than she had in days.
They wanted the same one to symbolize their friendship.
She had never had a pistachio before.
He looked everywhere but nothing jumped out at him.
As we passed through Tornado Alley, the weather turned bad.
It was winter and she noticed a tear.
One day he won a hundred dollars.
She knew it was wrong.
He was debating between engineering and computer science.
But they both have to be in a group project at school.
I began to do dishes, but not many showed up to work on.
And the teacher questioning them was very upset about this.
He decided to take up a healthy hobby.
My friend was incredibly talented in math.
She thought she could carry three gallons of water in a basket.
His parents couldn't afford to buy him one.
Her new home was 1500 miles away.
He can't believe that his parents lied to him his whole life.
She went to the shop to get it fixed.
Suddenly, a woman came up to her.
She loved school, but missed her family tremendously.
He quickly ran to the back of the store and grabbed a towel.
He began to ask some background questions about her.
The dentist told me I needed my wisdom teeth removed.
Although the roller coaster didn't move yet, she was scared.
I decided to start a fitness website.
The teacher introduced him to the other classmates.
But when she sat up she could hear the rain on her window.
He bought a fifty dollar shirt.
I walked to the store with my wallet.
A girl comes in.
She found out that she has a hard time getting started.
She decided it was time to have a yard sale.
if you wanted anything, you had to get it yourself.
He knew how to use chopsticks but Lynn did not.
So I got some pancake mix to make pancakes.
Stan's mother was angry and told him to stop.
My boss paid me in cash.
Jerry loved to run away whenever he could.
She decided to join and enter her apple pie recipe.
April lived with her master in the country.
It was rainy and dark.
She had to wash all of the little pieces, like the stoppers.
The alley worker told them it would be a 45 minute wait.
And I practice for a piano recital every year.
One day Ted got hurt with a puck and had to be hospitalized.
One year, he decided he would save up some money for the convention.
Melody worked hard all day and followed the recipe.
Tom panicked.
He decided to take a nap.
He'd been controlling and sometimes violent.
And he and his friends were playing in a bounce house.
At first, she got up and fell right down.
Ned watched the weather report.
Whenever her mother told her to practice the piano, she refused.
Maria was evicted and moved in with her mom.
The sidewalk became steeply slanted and I began to speed up.
But she was getting bored of its mild spice.
He opened the van door and assessed the situation.
We had a big game and I wanted to make sure we had food.
She practiced parallel parking for hours, sure she'd fail that part.
One day, his friends invited him to a rave.
His friends decided to pull a prank on bob.
She had just put her white dress on.
He decides to find something to do.
She was so excited to meet Cinderella and the other princesses.
He had a hard time trying to meet people in class.
He wasn't sure what he should cook.
She took a nap on the couch, so she looked there.
They were trying to pick a movie for the night.
She walked away to get food.
There was a contest to guess the number of jelly beans in a jar.
Clipped to one of its toes was a note.
He found a might oak and began to cut.
She left anti-smoking pamphlets around the house.
He was starting to notice a weird smell.
Val waited for Ali near her bike.
Suddenly, he woke up with his heart pounding.
Our company is in Boston.
One day Michael got lost in the wasteland.
One day a neighbor started raising chickens in his yard.
Seamus applied to beauty school.
They were running past a canal when Annie slipped.
One day she tried to cheat from Carrie in math.
I went with my friend Jack and two of his friends.
She laid down on her bed and took off her pants.
They were chilling in the living room.
However, she decided to continue jogging.
She arrived at the home of the children and got to know the family.
He decided to pretend he was sick so he didn't have to go.
I packed my boat and hauled it to the lake.
As a child she would beg her parents for a puppy.
Her friends asked her to go to a party the night before the exam.
He went to the store and looked around.
She had asked all of her friends, so she decided to just go alone.
She chose an artificial tree for the holiday season.
The principal greeted Ann and led her to her new class.
He is hard to buy for.
He loved yelling the word action.
His father gave him a goldfish instead.
So he had to give up sugary drinks.
She had never done that before, so she didn't use a leash.
She had already seen it before.
All of her friends took off skating but she couldn't move.
We are Bostonians and rooted for the Patriots.
The seat belt did not fit properly.
When he was in his 20s he saved up for a new suit.
In the middle of it she had to sneeze.
The first store he went to had 500 balloons on sale for $400.
So on Saturday we went to the pet store for an adoption event.
He was halfway done with the hole when he hit something.
We would visit my grandma and she would load us up with candy.
He asked his mom for money for a new game, but she said no!
Tommy wants to be good at basketball too.
I went to the front desk to check in.
Barbara stayed up all night watching her.
Suddenly, the power in my house shut off.
She had passing grades in all of her classes but one, Calculus.
Her best friend called her Saturday night.
He couldn't wait to see his presents.
She wasn't a very good swimmer.
She tried calling her boyfriend, but he wouldn't respond.
He saw some kids teasing a monkey.
Without telling her, he walked away from her and into a toy store.
He said that wanted to be with her.
Alas, it was rotten.
His mom called him inside and told him to clean up.
I arrived at his office.
My girlfriend got tired of my just moping around.
Her mother answered and gave Tami the phone.
They were wielding bladed weapons and covered in furs.
The man drove his car drunk and got arrested.
He worked hard every day, never giving up faith.
There was a loud crack in the distance.
They have known each other since the 3rd grade.
She spotted a watermelon in the corner.
He always talked about people's clothes.
I decided I would give her a haircut.
He goes to the dealership and looks for a cool looking car.
My last remaining relative told me she regretted not aborting me.
He sulked all day in school about it.
We went home after work and got all of our things together.
She played for hours non-stop.
He surprised her with a robot vacuum to do the job.
She tried to buy tickets online, but they were sold out.
But one night she really craved junk food.
She was a freelance certified yoga instructor.
Bill's co worker placed the blame for a project on him.
He blames his neighbor's' wireless devices.
I chose my grandma's mac n cheese but I didn't know how to make it.
He was going to his seat.
She says Daryl is the father.
It was pink bazooka.
That's the very reason she decided to start playing.
This morning, Amanda's alarm clock failed, which made her sleep late.
They were distressed and made to look worn.
She was spotted by the other girls.
She talked about a boy who helped out a girl with her chores.
Despite the impulse she grew to enjoy her fish.
She researched many kinds of breeds.
They kept asking him to play the same songs over and over again.
A man was ahead of her at the checkout.
While digging, he found a small pile of sharp arrowheads.
It knows a lot of tricks and can say a few words.
They were excited about their front row seats right near the speakers.
When Amanda opened the door, Loki ran outside.
When they met up, they were already suspicious.
They came at each other with guns drawn.
I went in a different isle to find something for her.
He got in his car and went to the highway.
Three weeks ago her car was totaled.
She held up an orange sock and a blue one.
One day he didn't come inside at night.
I ran into a stranger who said hi to me.
They went on the highway and came off of the exit.
Suddenly, they began to fight.
She arrived at the venue later than expected.
One weekend she lost a bet to her boyfriend.
He saw a cat.
While they were playing, some bigger kids arrived.
She needed proof of his infidelity or else a lawyer would never help.
She called her friends and asked for idea's.
Until one day she met a boy named Joe.
They were staying in a cabin.
He decided to play with some friends and bet money on their game.
Gina took the dog to the yard and left him.
He wanted to explore the market.
She was excited to look for a new pet, she had never owned a bird.
Nancy was so stressed that she began to have trouble sleeping.
He decided to go to the bar to feel better.
They were a family that loved games, all but chess.
I was very nervous.
They were having a hard time coming up with a name.
Bob and Emmie walk on a cement path.
She felt guilty every time she dropped the baby off.
She and her brother watched the whole film.
He called his x-girlfriend and said he didn't know if the kid was his?
He works really hard to save up for a new car.
Our flight landed twenty minutes late.
They went the store and bought parts.
His friends told him he took too much risk.
Faith was told she was too little to start dancing.
She ordered the kit and awaited its arrival.
She heard that the mosquitoes there carried a dangerous virus.
She was getting ready to perform her solo when she yelled out in pain.
He could out drink almost anybody.
She needed her walls painted.
Gina decided she would use dolphins as a topic.
He was incredibly scared to go on stage.
They needed their own set of stockings.
She was in the shoe section when she saw a big banner.
Bill moved away but never forgot.
In the morning, we were lazy and tried to talk each other out of it.
I wanted to eat street market food.
One day Benny got out of the house and ran far.
John looked out the window, dismayed that his picnic would be ruined.
She decided she would spontaneously pick when she got there.
She let her family set her up on a blind date.
John noticed that the headphones he bought were defective.
Suddenly, several mules began running down their street.
She got up and saw an alien spaceship!
My friend was in the fight.
After checking everything, I went for a ride.
When a blackout came, he thought he was ready.
Nobody liked her but they always gave in to her.
As she opened the door, her dog ran outside.
My family wasn't eating them very often.
The next day, he was pulled out of his class to go to another class.
Pam was sitting on a lounge chair.
Jenny's parents had told her she was too young for a bike.
She gives them shoes to chew for fun.
He cooked hot dogs and hamburgers on the grill.
My friend suggested I try them with blueberries.
She hoped this would encourage him to call her.
His Mom made a doctor's appointment because he was running a fever.
She ate only twelve hundred calories a day.
The whole town searched all over for the missing boy.
Customers were complaining about the lack of open registers.
The mechanic told him that the belt on his engine is broken.
The site rewarded me with bonuses for good work.
It was a wind up clown doll.
Her mom liked sewing and she thought she should too.
But sometimes mother nature does not agree with them.
One day he called his friend Rex who worked on a farm.
His mother had made a turkey dinner for his arrival.
He was babbling and wandering around.
She becomes so good at it she starts her own business.
He had to go to his son's school play that night.
He had bell bottoms, a rhinestone jacket, and a massive red afro.
We used to play in person at work.
People kept asking him to drink alcohol illegally.
But Gina didn't want to share.
They were tied.
I called the doctor and was told to come in at Noon.
She has her car in the shop every month it seems.
It was quite dark and she got a bit turned around.
He considers himself a film buff.
But, he had no mustard.
He picked up Mandy on a Saturday afternoon.
He took a rag and wet in under the sink.
She was the boss and had many responsibilities.
He didn't know what it meant or where it was.
Amy was excited to tell Beth all about a new boy she met.
Her oldest daughter got the flu from school.
One of her gifts was a telescope.
His house was so cold and he couldn't bear it.
He had to enter the science fair.
He had played varsity for the last two years but never scored a goal.
Jimmy didn't have enough money to get his idea off the ground.
All the relatives went out of their way to make them comfortable.
She picked the bag up and carried it inside the store.
They decided to have a family game night.
When I enrolled, I thought it was a joke.
Sandy decided to send text messages to several friends.
He wanted to invest the money.
He fantasized about fighting for his country as a child.
There was a shark warning.
He decided to look in the fridge.
He wanted to celebrate with his best friends.
He flew on a plane to get there.
There was a ton of traffic.
He would do this so the grounds wouldn't go down the kitchen sink.
I started getting ready and fell.
So naturally I plotted my revenge.
When everything had finished up they gave her a freebie card.
The following day, he put the spider in my underwear drawer.
She made a huge pile outside to jump into later.
Sam would occasionally work from home.
I was on vacation with my mother visiting friends.
She wasn't interested in being there.
It never came.
A lot of people were coming to watch and she wanted to be the best.
She got gum stuck in her long hair.
Gertrude always loves to catch up with her friends.
Huskies love to escape and run.
He placed his arm inside to reach a cup.
She had all her supplies with her as she headed to the first class.
They would meet and talk and laugh for hours.
He and his grandmother had planned the trip for months.
She sprayed sugar on her palm.
Their class got to build a robot to compete in a race.
She gave one to her toddler to try.
One day he dug up and huge bone and took it home.
While chopping onions she cut her finger.
One day, Sam's football was stolen by the neighborhood bully.
The cat runs away.
He chooses to go hiking in the woods.
The neighborhood bully suddenly appeared.
It was rated R but how scary could it be?
He advised him not to eat anything until the next few hours.
He tried to do several at the same time to get done faster.
She went to the kitchen only to discover she had no coffee filters.
Suddenly a car emerged out of nowhere and passed them in a second!
It was very expensive.
He accidentally tripped on a rock and fell into the shore.
I believed Abe was sexiest star on the planet.
He went to his room and lied his bed.
The doctor checked his weight and declared it dangerously low.
They bought a house in Fairfield.
He had $5 in his pocket, which he gave to him.
During the housing boom, he purchased dozens of properties.
He has never been to a car show.
He liked to eat ice cream.
Her daughter Kim had always been a straight A student.
But he was indecisive.
He had never done it before.
Natalie has seen it so many times that she knows the entire script!
His maid Linda told him he couldn't drink before bed.
One day he was taking her for a walk.
Her mom laughed at her because she was a woman.
He enjoyed working there a lot.
He preferred to eat meat instead of fruit and vegetables.
He fed a cat out in front of his house.
The garden was full of many crops.
After adding it all together, she found it was unfeasible.
When she found out her sister had it she was enraged.
Yesterday she dropped it in a sink full of water.
He decided to go with his wife.
He loved Pacman in particular, and sought after the highest score.
They decide to stay at the Pink Flamingo.
His favorite fried chicken restaurant burned down.
She realized that her daughter was only trying to play.
She had never bowled before.
He needed to be rushed to the hospital.
And she ordered a caffe latte.
An elderly man stopped next to her.
She loves to collect beautiful jewelry.
He was living at his parents and they started charging him rent.
The petition was to get a Democrat's name on the ballot for Congress.
He asked him what was wrong.
She decided she should visit her dad's mom.
The greeter told me it'd be a 2 hour wait which was crazy!
I saw some people in boats passing by.
I would leave the door unlatched so that he could get back in.
She brought her baby home from the hospital.
It was keeping her awake at night.
She decided to cook up a pan of brownies.
He decided he wanted a bike tattoo.
He thought the daughter looked just like his own girl.
One day on her train, two women were speaking Tagalog.
She wanted Sam to have siblings but she was without a partner.
The company tried to make the change, but it wasn't working.
Her baby was playing on the floor.
But the police were so incompetent that he got away with it.
She wanted to see Ray.
Finally, his parents told him they could get one kitten.
He then heard splashing around him.
She kept hearing a scratching noise on the floor.
The drawer would not budge when I tried to remove it.
He had a big football game coming up.
It was like many other kitchens, but their was one exception.
Their mom said that a new game would cost too much money.
There was a lot more flab around my waist than I remembered.
She unfurled it.
She needed to use the restroom.
Every year, he took almost the whole month of December off.
He won many awards.
We decided to run in the woods.
That morning, he went outside to check the mail.
We spent all weekend playing in the ocean and sunbathing.
Her boyfriend often made fun of her.
They finally met at a family reunion.
He bought a police scanner.
She decided she wanted to hire a makeup artist.
It was hurting my dog's ears.
They walked 4 miles in the cold weather.
I suddenly saw a boy crying.
He saw a local diner and decided to go in.
She could finally afford the designer dress she'd pined for.
I was super excited to stay near Central Park.
At night they became quite cold.
He asked my friend about his hairstyle and said that it's ridiculous.
He spent 20 minutes looking for the name of the song.
On my way there my neighbor asked me to come inside for a minute.
His favorite neighborhood bakery was being demolished.
She thought mild sauce was too plain, so hot sounded great.
On the way there, his boat crashes and sinks.
She couldn't believe it was finally here.
At the furniture store she chose a comfortable sofa.
Paco's cat was crazy.
Suddenly, a dog ran up to him.
She accused her of being jealous.
He decides to start cooking more at home.
He tried to come up with a great showstopper.
She felt like she needed to be pampered and made an appointment.
She is nervous because she has never been on a rollercoaster.
He saved up for months to afford the bike.
He got along well with his parents.
He was used to the north and snow.
Her hotel in southeast Asia had beautiful views.
She decided to go ahead and buy tickets.
One day she had a test.
The big play was in a few hours and she was nervous.
One day he had a stop with a long layover.
Gina was in the house helping her grandma make dinner.
He realized his bed cap had come off during the night.
She called the exterminator.
As he opened a dryer to insert his clothes, he saw something.
I got my friends together so we all could try it.
She overfed him daily.
We decided it would be fun to jump off the dock.
He first shovels his own driveway and then walks the neighborhood.
He is picking me up at noon.
He knew that he needed to get a haircut soon.
Tim's friend was a local dog whisperer.
He wasn't interested but told them we would be one.
One of the workers told her the center was closing.
Teddy is brave, faithful and has a huge, commanding bark.
First, she considered adopting a child from overseas.
I recently decided that I should start going again.
We had a Chevette, a Geo Metro, and a Kia.
A gum pack fell out of my pocket.
His boss, Michael, answered and greeted him within an instant.
He never saw any action.
He decides he needs a good pair of gloves to keep his hands warm.
She rushed around looking for her shoes.
He tripped over a twig and landed on a bird's nest.
Amy asked her mother if she could wear her favorite dress.
I suddenly spotted some cash on the ground.
Her competitor was the CEO of a major company.
She had been there for hours and was now hungry.
The area around their enclosure was packed.
He decided to quit his job and pack his bags.
It had been Years since she had gone on a run.
Chris did not have a say in things when it came to writing songs.
So he called an exterminator.
She wanted to get a job in the medical industry.
He wanted to try an inland river cruise.
The school nurse diagnosed him with hives.
He could never understand why people ran marathons.
His service was poor.
Adam sent Tom a message late at night.
She spread out her towel and lay in the sun.
She knew her mom was hard to shop for and very picky.
At the fair, they rode the carousel and the ferris wheel.
Dominic waited, then snuck up on Jack.
Jeff went to the pet store.
He quickly spotted the school supply aisle.
Along the way we stopped at a beautiful river.
She decided to use the directions on her phone.
She liked it a lot, but there was one mean girl.
After two hours of hiking he was high in the mountain.
She started writing a fantasy story in middle school.
It had been a long, and deep gash.
The toast keeps getting jammed in mine.
My wife does not like the beach, though.
On the day of the competition the students received bad news.
He was told to use wood chips instead of rubber or sand for the floor.
She'd practiced for weeks to get the dance right.
They all met at the field in the park.
I bought a trailer and a four wheeler.
She drove to the local ice cream shop.
My friend and I had just about made it, one final street to cross.
She saved up all her money for a squirt gun.
My friends and I decided to participate in a race.
They talked with other zoos in neighboring states.
Her brother Cam wanted to watch a baseball game.
Mandy looked for a recipe for making candy on the internet.
Recently I was pulled over for a routine traffic stop.
He got a large package in the mail.
His mother warmed him that he would eventually have cavities.
I merged on one street and made a turn at an intersection.
Turning 16 meant that Teddy could take his driving test.
He landed in the resort area of Phuket.
I became scared when she told my friend that he failed.
We decided to have a camp fire yesterday.
I decided to stay in bed and watch a marathon.
At the store she saw some fudge.
Julie thought Johnny was too young to approach her.
The church believed in adult baptism.
He was sick in the hospital.
When I woke up, a spider was on my thigh.
They went on a camping trip.
He invited his friend Tim.
While taking it out he accidentally broke an adapter.
He was walking them around showing them different areas.
He was nervous.
It was in the summer and it was very hot.
His parents stated he had one more chance to act better.
He decided to practice every Friday night at a Chinese restaurant.
The new NWA video began playing.
He arrived in Macau and went to the factory there.
She wanted to watch the sunset.
Dan was upset but decided to try again next year.
There sure many monkeys hanging about outside the temple.
She would watch all the time but never buy anything.
She found that they were taking up a lot of room.
She tried them on in a store in the mall.
He decided the best place to find inspiration was from other books.
He had them shaped like everything from fruits to sports players.
She was nervous.
She loves this dress and only wears it on special occasions.
He let his dog loose once they were in the leash free area.
One day, she bought two French Bulldogs for breeding.
There was dirt everywhere!
He was sitting on a branch of the tree beside me.
Their daughter's name was Clarissa and she was a school teacher.
Every night, she was awoken by robbers attempting to steal her home.
It flew through the big living room window.
I was a pretty good player.
He got in his car and drove to the bank.
He flew out to Argentina to bungee jump in Patagonia.
It was his first camp out.
One performance, he swung from the trapeze.
She hits on him even though she is old enough to be his grandmother.
He hopped over a log in his path and stopped.
Harry was much stronger than the other children.
They flew around her room all night bothering her and keeping her up.
He lived right on a pond.
I used humans to validate good poetry written by the program.
She tried to use a coat hanger to get her keys out of her car.
The scale said he was 20 pounds overweight.
But he was not very good at math or reading.
He pointed at the lettuce.
He worked very hard every single day.
He was the captain of the team and won many awards.
It didn't go well.
I really wanted some new ones.
I collected coupons from the Sunday paper,emails and snail mail.
She saw a looking for help sign on a shop and decided to apply.
He asked his supervisor who approved it, and sent in the paperwork.
Tim was nervous about the move.
I hummed it out loud but still could not name the song.
We have not missed a date in over three years, excluding holidays.
She did not know what to plant.
Laura chased her cat to a tree.
She and my Mom would visit while we played.
I only had to buy six more boards.
She offered it to her grandson.
Her family could not afford to pay for her to go.
The teacher told him to stop.
He studies more than any of his friends.
On his way to class, he saw a dog limping toward him.
She was scared she would forget her lines.
She made up imaginary friends to hang out with.
He told her she didn't cook and clean enough.
But he couldn't resist them when he saw a hot dog stand.
Last week she almost quit.
One day it began to rainy hard so John needed to find shelter.
He commanded the engine crew to go full steam.
She needed a can of enchilada sauce.
His cup fell and broke!
She was afraid to try the local food.
She loved kids and she liked summers off, so that's what she became.
One morning, she slept in late.
He never cared about hurting anyone.
Before they left she decided she wanted to bring her dog, Kobe.
She had always put so much effort into straightening it.
While I was there I bought some gum.
She ran the Fall Festival race.
He felt strange because he was going alone.
He researched a lot and settled on a destination.
He had to sign a contract to make the final purchase.
She gets to go with her grandparents.
She began to feel restless.
I caught Tom shaven this legs and thought it was very weird.
I was driving on the highway when something bad happened.
While he does not want to shave, he wants to know if it works.
She frequently said how proud she'd be if Candy followed in her steps.
He bought all the meat and charcoal he would need.
Jacob's team had the ball and was getting ready to score.
He went to a game on Thursday.
She lined them up on her bed.
One day he ran out of toppings.
Lisa said her friend would see why before the day was over.
She had eye shadow, blush, and mascara.
When he got home he realized his wallet was missing.
He fried some patties on a grill.
The baby cries every time she sets it down.
I finished the cigarette and put it out in an ashtray.
She immediately came flying down the stairs.
Jim had been teasing her and Dawn all day.
For some reason, he was convinced he could fly.
The workers prepared the sandwich immediately.
The cool new girl group had a new video for their new song.
She got everyone together.
He said he only gets likes from family.
He puts on his running shoes and walks over to the park.
The homeless man begged him for money.
Chad decided it was time to see the dentist.
She had four roommates who I never met.
She closed her eyes.
All of the runners, including myself, were trying not to stop.
He was just so bad at it.
She loved to create clothes with her family.
He always put his mind to work creating new stories to tell.
The kids excitedly changed into swimsuits.
We went to the store and bought some paint.
Her mother always forgot to check before doing laundry.
Larry takes Lauren to play putt putt golf.
He is innocent and has not done anything.
But then she found out about her mom's bad financial situation.
He bought these protein supplements.
Eventually, everyone started to pack up their equipment.
However, she dreams of moving to Hollywood.
She has always hated writing book reports.
They were all over the porch.
And he found a good deal online.
They fought over everything.
He is now twenty two and still loves Christmas.
But she was ten Year's old, which she thought was too old to nap.
Ali declined to fight.
Since it was Sunday she decided to lay around until she felt better.
She procrastinated until the last day.
Joe likes beer so much that he learned how to make his own.
He requested I do so for payment.
JJ talk about Sharon.
On a sunny Sunday afternoon they took a walk.
She got a flat tire at the corner of her street.
He danced for joy when he was at the summit.
She left the grill to put on sunscreen.
She began putting away the food.
We began with a square, followed by a triangle.
He tried studying, but to no avail.
He started dating her but was warned by others not to date at work.
She ended up falling for him.
The hygienist cheerfully scraped plaque and recommended more flossing.
They got a team together and drove to the island.
She put on her pajamas.
They drove to a scenic area to enjoy the day.
He worked hard in college, taking prerequisites for dental school.
She liked to skip wherever she went.
But he didn't want it to interfere with his photography lessons.
It was our first.
She ended up asking her neighbor for help.
But making it took him too long.
She woke up to a blanket of snow.
She fell asleep while sun tanning.
He had drawn the plans for a large skyscraper.
He picked the biggest pumpkin he could find.
During the next morning, his stomach was violently growling.
All of her friends swam at the local pool so Jill felt left out.
A deer jumped out in the road.
No one thought he was good.
So Bill starts his own company.
He always ran home crying.
A semi had raced up her quiet street and ran over him.
He began to take sand from the beach and put it into buckets.
She assured him that they would love him but he didn't buy it.
Jake wanted to do something special for his mother.
She assumed the mouse had returned.
This time she tried cinnamon heart ice cream.
She received them in the mail quickly.
It cost him a lot of money.
Partway through, she realized she had a problem.
They girls brought all of Lisa's dolls into the yard.
She was very successful in the family business.
His hips hurt, so he can't do much.
Bill wanted to insure the watch in the event of theft.
She was introduced the sewing machine and many different techniques.
I searched through my closet for the perfect dress.
A dog that was loose at the park had begun following her home.
She arrived in Florida to make a better living.
This was his first time and he was excited.
He found a lot of things that he didn't use anymore.
My State requires that I purchase a Bond.
He saw an open space and pulled right in.
They began to pick up their pace and run even faster.
Her friend's mom was out drinking with a friend.
He got excited and bought chocolates for his secret valentine.
And she couldn't be more pleased.
He had trouble getting a job so he turned to crime.
Every time she shares this, people always ask the same question.
He laughed because the kids didn't like things Donald did.
She was dreaming of the ocean and how the waves sounded.
Her husband died a few years ago and her son moved away last summer.
She flipped the switch for the disposal.
She challenged her friend to a race.
She was nervous people would think she was weird.
He took out a ball cap and donned it upon his head.
His boss had told him to put in new wood flooring.
Her bedroom was looking rather dim.
When a gentleman stopped her on the street.
Luckily her parents got her a new pair.
Jane decided to move closer to her work.
I knew Watson was perfect, by the friendly way he greeted me!
Art and his buddies chartered a boat for 4 hours of fishing.
He decides that he doesn't want to have any hair on his back.
He begs his mother to replace his old bag, but she refuses.
He learns as much as he can about India before his trip.
One day, Ella found a rogue crayon under a chair.
All of a sudden it started to pour outside.
It was very relaxing.
He was convinced to join the tournament by his friends.
She had a difficult time setting it up.
I decided to see the history museum.
And he blamed his baldness for all of his problems.
She panicked when the teacher announced a test on fractions.
We pitched the tent and ate hot dogs.
He works as a teller in his local Bank of America.
He couldn't pay his rent.
I put the package of oats in a bowl.
He took his electric saw and cut down the middle.
When it got really hot he took his clothes off and went for a swim.
His friends try to give him money.
She wanted to take it off roading.
As he pulled in, he realized he had forgotten it!
Laura met Bill at the movie theatre.
She decided on a guinea pig.
All of the sudden, they crashed into the wall.
She had decided one day that she was going to venture outside.
His co worker never did any work.
He rushes out of the house and drives very fast toward the office.
When it arrived it was the perfect size.
My father is a diabetic and on a very strict diet.
Unfortunately, she had too much homework.
Amy no longer liked Erin but pretended to she did.
I got wait-listed from my first choice.
As he was chewing he bit down on something hard.
Afterwards, she submitted the assignment to her teacher.
Her cats were named Billy and Bobby.
A bee approached her drink, and she shooed it away.
While they were driving David counted his allowance.
We went to a John Singer Sargent exhibit.
She called Jane to ask her if she could.
She has been on a very strict diet lately.
Bill always ate sugar with everything.
Somehow, they ended up in an argument.
He looked in the kitchen for something to eat.
His sister recommended he take an archery class to meet people.
He was reading Batman, and thought he could be like him.
He realized he kept his wrists in an awkward position.
He found a beautiful puppy up for adoption.
They both lacked driving experience, but Wanda drove them anyways.
He began to teach himself to spin trays and juggle glasses.
She did not know what to feed it.
During a really intense game, it began to rainy.
When he met Irving, he wanted to make a difference in his life.
The contractor looked at Greg's broken windows and thought.
The principal insisted on discussing Ali's suspension.
When he arrived, he noticed that the business atmosphere was strict.
He decided to go to a trainer for help and advice.
He wonders if it's a mistake.
He saw people playing frisbee.
It was her first day and a coworker was training her.
His publisher asked for a book about a giraffe.
He always thought it would be cool to try surfing.
He told Zeke he'd pay him back, but kept forgetting.
She exercised to enlarge her breasts and shrink her waist.
He kept dozing off at the wheel.
They fought over it for a while.
He saves his money to make his big dream a reality.
The volleyball match was only a few days away.
He couldn't figure out what to major in.
Suddenly, it fell through, into the deathly cold water below!
John noticed Ted was irritated during the game.
A girl in his biology class catches his attention.
It was nearly 100 degrees in the car and I felt sick.
He pulled over and asked if she needed help.
She often tries different meals from recipes she reads about.
I had been working extra hours all week so my apartment was dirty.
She went to the store to buy all the ingredients.
She had a hard time getting to and from work.
They jumped in the water and started to descend.
He went to the university gym for the first time as a freshman.
He wanted to invest some of the money.
His dog was hungry.
I just stopped in for a few drinks with a girl.
I decided to check it out.
She got there early to take advantage of the deals.
The person in front of him tried to pay in nickels from a glass jar.
She was really excited to try them out.
We looked everywhere for him.
He went out to the tree and saw all of the gifts.
Anna practiced for many Year's.
She went out and ran some errands.
Meaghann invited Chad on a picnic.
When he arrived he checked in with the doctor and he was examined.
I got a big piece of poster board out of the closet.
The doors opened and her family began to pile in.
He has not been back home to visit for over seven Years.
Chad was glad for the opportunity to speak to high schoolers.
All day I just knew I had all the ingredients.
Suddenly she tripped on a rock.
She was getting rid of things she didn't use.
He had never been on a train before, so he was excited.
I was very hungry and decided I needed to eat.
She steered her daughter away from all the sexy get-ups.
When she landed, Isobel took a cab to the beach.
Once he grew up he searched him out.
I decided to take a bath.
They were cheap objects designed to entertain for a minute or two.
She decided to get a suntan.
He had to write a six page essay about a slum in Vietnam.
Sitting down and taking a sip, he tasted something very strong.
The ferrets scratched Reese on the arm.
He works on them everyday.
One day, Gwen met Blake.
They were all late and he was starting to build up fines.
Rex knew he didn't know how to play but forced Alex to come.
She often fixes ham, green beans, potatoes, and salad.
One day she slept past her alarm.
But the kids behind her kept whispering and giggling.
He took a close look at his dog's coat and saw tiny bugs.
He gathered an air mattress and some duct tape.
He pulled off a new release off the shelf and gave it a look.
We practiced every day of the week for an upcoming competition.
He'd never been on a date with a girl before.
One day she told Hannah she would steal her lunch.
He bought some land and began to build his cabin.
His pet dog was suffering.
The other day she jumped upon me while I was sleeping.
Ron complimented Harmony on how fit she'd stayed.
One day he decided to quit his job.
She joined a program to improve her singing abilities.
Lucy told Meg she was at church with her grandparents.
It is the night before Halloween and people prank other people.
Their apartments were not big enough for two people.
He did not want to go to school.
She saw a new boutique on her way home, and stopped in to look.
She said yes!
He flipped it open out of idle curiosity.
The decorations inside were amazing.
But she didn't get out of the sand.
She'd had a terrible dream!
He did not own any winter clothes and wasn't anticipating the cold.
She decided to go shopping.
He did it all the time.
She made the dough and popped them in the oven.
They both went outside to play.
His dad was excited to do this with his son.
The line was out the door when I got there.
He was adopted by a family from New Mexico who had five other kids.
She thought that she should write down some of her life.
He walked back towards safety then turned around.
Nobody could resist its precious, blue-eyed gaze.
He was sure he would fail the test and have to take summer school.
But he couldn't stop smoking cigars and fake pot.
They saw the school bus coming down the street.
She ordered a large order of fries.
He looked through apartment magazines and Craigslist ads.
It was his first time to leave the country.
To make it special he decided to invite 50 of his friends.
After a few seconds, a jellyfish stung him twice.
In her kitchen there was a mouse!
He was swimming with his friends.
Her grandfather promised her a treat today.
I decided to use a Monte Carlo simulation algorithm.
Her mother told her to clean her room.
It was hard to find them because I didn't have anybody's number.
She went and got what she could find in her closet.
He was playing the music extremely loud.
She noticed he seemed eager to get in the water, so she let him.
They were all very excited to learn how candy is made.
I begged my parents for months to buy me a dirt bike.
He wanted to join a band.
She learned that it had snowed a lot overnight.
He would always avoid those crowded areas.
One time Hank went grocery shopping without a list.
They found a really old oil lamp.
My friend Dan was driving us to our friend John's house.
Nevertheless, she had no choice but to go with her family.
His wife left him for another man early in their marriage.
Roy found many shiny rocks.
He played at clubs across America meeting new people every time.
She changed her diet and started hitting the gym.
She asked if she had received her email invitation for dinner.
She waited in line until it was her turn.
Steve had one more test before he could fly solo.
She treated herself every Saturday.
He drove 180 miles round trip every day.
Beth was excited to try yoga since Amy said it was easy.
First, Jane tried the merry-go-round, but it was too slow.
He didn't have a water bottle.
Suddenly, both were tugging on their lines.
He signed up for an editing account.
But he received a letter in the mail saying he was pre-approved.
She always goes there on the weekends.
While looking out one day he saw a husband and wife fighting.
She created a Facebook event and invited all of her friends.
He decides to try fishing.
He was very nervous that he wouldn't know anyone in his class.
But Charles picked up a landlord who did the same thing.
I spent a lot of time getting things for the dinner.
One day, I went with my friend to look on my own.
He forgot his briefcase at his desk.
He took a rail journey into Belfast.
He kept looking online.
Everyone gets comfortable for the trip.
The child waded out into the water.
His girlfriend would joke about it.
She checked to make sure she had all of her items.
When she found out Amy was eating at neighbors she was mad.
She was excited as the first presenter was her favorite author.
He saw a suitcase on the side of the road.
But Tony had a crush on Deana before Charles.
But he didn't have enough money.
His picked him up from the floor.
He tried to get a loan but they said he didn't make enough money.
When we tried to open the front door, it wouldn't open.
He went to the grocery store to purchase the ingredients.
When Kodi was a puppy she caused a lot of trouble.
Uki went to prison for attempted murder.
One of my friends pulled out a small firecracker and a lighter.
She normally prepared well for tests, but this time she forgot.
She decided to try to eat a low-carb diet for once.
I wrote it down for her on a piece of paper and handed it to her.
Every night, she heard howling noises and clanking chains from above.
She dreaded having to fix dinner for her family when she got home.
She wanted to quit so badly.
She needed to return them to the library.
Sam was sad because he liked his car.
He participated in several plays throughout middle and high school.
She showed the baby the pot and sat him on it.
He works construction, but his girlfriend wants him to model.
He started a company and called it Seth's Mints.
While he was driving it back, it suddenly stopped working.
I didn't understand why I had to go.
One evening her child went out to be with some friends.
They ordered coffee and drank together.
She decided that Richard must be lonely all by himself.
He called the local pizza restaurant.
When they arrived in Illinois they called the house.
They had been neglected for a few months.
He walked close to the shore and began to work on a sand structure.
She took lessons from only the best.
It was her dream to be an awesome violinist.
Not to watch football, but to eat steak sandwiches.
Now he was arriving in Nairobi.
About halfway there she notices a 40 year old man following her.
I got the paycheck.
Since he was nervous, she increased his work throughout the semester.
He told his friend he knew the next batter would hit a homerun.
One is a point and shoot.
On the way there, he got a flat tire.
He really wanted to ask her out.
He had all new clothes on and fresh new supplies.
They began to follow the traces of a deer into a desolate forest.
Lary had several large Lego skyscrapers in his room.
Ted was walking through campus and dropped a book.
They got thirsty so Roy went inside for water.
He came up with an act and decided he was ready.
They were scared and jumped in their seats at a few points.
Gina had the teacher move his desk across the class.
The doctor performed tests on fred to see how he was doing.
She decided to build a sand castle.
It was impossible to find an empty spot in the parking lot.
She was told it would take 2-6 weeks to arrive.
She figured she saved money and helped a good cause.
One day her son came home sad.
He was trying to enjoy the sights in the water.
She was determined to go to the state competition this year.
The goat always hid his face from the people.
She maintained the highest grades ever since then.
So he told his mom.
During the first night on the ship, Linda got very seasick.
Everyone around me is coughing, in particular a young student I know.
They felt bored, so they walked to a local bar on the beach.
But her neighbors were having a party.
I'd just bought a new bike and didn't want to damage it in the move.
I memorized long lists of words and language rules.
Her grandma was teaching her to make an egg sandwich.
But it was so hot and she just couldn't refuse ice cream Popsicles!
Their parents had set it up for them to toast marshmallows.
They started falling apart within hours of wearing them.
She put the psychic on speaker phone so her friends could hear.
He put the picture up on Facebook.
While she was riding the bus home, he followed the bus with his car.
I really hated painting people.
I thought I would get the day off from work.
He held up each shoe to the shirts to match the colors.
He was having fun playing with the new features.
They found a hollowed out tree stump and squeezed in.
He felt alarmed so he rushed across town to the emergency room.
She had been homeschooled and she was nervous.
He practiced hard every day with his brothers.
He was reaching for a towel.
She agreed to go to dinner with me.
She got distracted and forgot about it.
He went to a popular gym.
His best trick was his ability to stand on his hands.
So he was researching local pet stores to buy one.
A man comes in with a book.
I consume about five thousand calories per day.
I looked out my window for inspiration.
He had eaten a lot of spicy food.
He had never felt he was good enough for anything or anyone.
Suddenly, she heard a noise in the bedroom.
He was nervous!
He studied the manual carefully.
He made a mug of it and took a sip.
He was on the front of the raft.
She called her son Adam over to help her.
She calls her sisters on their birthdays.
One day she saw a rope swing near a cliff.
She knew he was going to be late, if he didn't get to the bus stop.
The front desk worker registered my name for an appointment.
He applied for a job at NASA.
They had dinner at a very nice restaurant.
I went out of town for the day and returned without it.
We drove to the house where they were having the party.
Fred found them underneath the bed.
They predicted two feet and it was up to 6.
He decided that he should go to the doctor.
The eggs from their backyard chickens were fresh and delicious.
Her cousin introduced them on a beach picnic.
Bob didn't realize this and went about his day.
She got the can opener in order to feed it as he hadn't eaten yet.
He practiced doing flips.
He told me he had cancer.
They put all the ingredients in a kettle.
They were supposed to find out their baby's gender.
He asked the server for the food he ordered an hour ago.
He was out of work for more than one month.
She was being rude and ignorant when I asked her about the issue.
He saw that his walkway was covered with deep snow.
He was excited when his friends invited him.
Lucy opened the box and saw all the little treat packets.
The first day was not a problem, until the night came.
Looking at the news, we realized it was going to be raining all day.
I was invited and I accepted the invitation.
He thought he saw his friend off in the distance.
I was surprised to find boxes of old albums.
They were a big upgrade from his old shoes.
Her friends told her that they would help her learn but she hesitated.
He sat down to wait for the bus.
But there is a bully in his class that is slow.
We found a spot in the ground that had the right conditions.
She could not find the recipe anywhere.
However they were too big.
The cardboard Mike lived in was deteriorating from the elements.
My dog ran around and played with all the other dogs.
I walked inside my classes and sat down.
However, the clerk told him that he owes them $20 dollars.
He thought that if he chased it he could get it.
He had many pets during his childhood.
She thought long and hard.
His family visits the lake every summer.
He stole documents from the president's trash and sent them to Moscow.
She had to share her favorite song and explain the lyrics.
She asked Andy if he wanted to go to the fair.
She walked on stage with the baby.
She tied him up with a jump rope.
Sarah was passing a note to Tom.
They went to the store to look at costumes.
He enjoyed all of the unique sculptures on display.
He had to go to a friend's house to work on a project.
He wanted to try a new brand so he looked online at different kinds.
It was very sunny and bright.
He had thousands of all sorts of balls imaginable.
Amy was sad to see her mom throwing out her favorite foods.
Her mother gave her a book for her birthday.
A rude patron bumped into the waiter.
He wanted to take a picture of the sunset.
She also has two young daughters who adore their brother.
He decided to buy many books online.
Rose was her teacher.
They decided to invite their friends over for dinner.
Kate had to move far away.
Dan was sad because he couldn't play football anymore.
My mom had been fighting cancer.
She arrives and trips on the sidewalk.
He saves up all his money and buys a PS4.
We approached the front of school.
The pretty girl I'd ogled this morning was attacking me with a knife!
She needed a ride to a friends house.
Then she remembered that he always complained of cold feet.
However, I got distracted.
She hid the book in her room.
It seemed like the middle of nowhere so he began to walk.
he knew that his high school dance was only three days away.
A girl had thrown sand in her eyes.
He went over the list of books and noticed he was missing one.
However, her mom could not afford it, since it was expensive.
I grab many tomatoes from my garden to cook with.
She leaned against a wall to rest a little.
Suddenly, the power cut off.
It was very detailed and had plenty of accessories.
Kelly started hiccuping.
The girls were having fun taking photos but Kim was upset.
By the time he got out he had a college education.
He decides to learn some French.
Children and adults splashed in the water.
She decided she would wait till her mom was napping.
Especially little Timmy,  he loves it.
She was excited but the nerves took over.
He went to the bathroom to groom his hair.
He was annoyed by how expensive it was.
She has never been married.
One day, in the middle of a recipe I notice we were short one egg.
Her grandma was picking peas in the garden.
He tried flapping his arms.
The two were fighting all the time.
The truck in front of her was carrying gravel.
She walked the aisles, carefully choosing items matching the coupons.
She took out the trash, but the smell persisted.
His mechanic warned him his car needed a lot of repairs.
Audrey was annoyed because the car just came back from the mechanic.
He decided to paint his truck bright yellow.
His friends always said they would teach him.
He persuaded his parents to let him go on the scariest tour.
She dressed up as a princess.
She was the shortest girl in her class.
Then she wrote down her shopping list.
Before he pulled the trigger something caught his eye.
James got lost somewhere.
He was afraid it was gone forever.
Wherever he went he would find them and store the cans in the garage.
The job was for a large estate that would require several pictures.
He hadn't exercised in a long time and wanted to ease his way back in.
She went to the dance studio dressed in her ballet clothes.
En old enemy Val arrived.
She got the ingredients together and put them in the oven.
As lunch period approached, he felt hungry and glum.
Joe was impatient but it seemed to be going quickly.
One skater became her favorite.
She recorded videos of herself covering many songs.
His mom would always make them for him.
He went to a plant store and bought 100 seeds.
Gordon did not make enough profits to invest in more napkins.
She needed to withdraw money.
Finally a friend recommends that Aurelia try knitting.
Paula recently sneaked out the house to go to a party.
Even though the price was high she bid on it.
She got in contact with the Pastor Steve who offered some activities.
Finally her father gave her a sticky caramel lollipop.
The first thing she did was go to the app store.
She was nervous at first.
One ref though it was holding and the other thought it was nothing.
They drove deep into the woods and found the perfect 7' tree.
It was 46 degrees out.
On one particular Sunday, Paul was feeling very ill.
She gave the baby a banana.
The man is upset the pizza was late.
Sandy Johnson loved to walk on the beach with her husband.
His doctor had news for him.
He settled for following his family's advice and getting an okay job.
I enjoy looking up at the stars on a clear night.
They brought their cat, Lucas.
He was driving to work and he was almost late.
Since she always have a mean attitude, I refused.
He wanted to go toward the stage.
He put on his nicest shirt and pants.
In the Campus library, an Asian girl flirted with him.
she asked her parents for one.
The first couple took advantage of Black Friday.
They had decided that they needed some time away together.
He called his bank and got a loan.
He would eat one piece a day in order to make it last.
He was trying to install his own solar panels.
She waited in the waiting room for 20 minutes.
Suddenly a car sped by.
She was trying to put up lights but a lot of them burnt out.
And she saw an ice cream truck.
He was determined to make it do a 360 degree spin.
The less experienced fighter had trouble landing punches.
So they decided to make her a gift.
Benny told him that his mom had the wallet.
Jane could not help but peek over to take a look herself.
She was only 13 and was scared by the movie.
Sadly, I fell in love then told the world.
She calls around and gets an appointment scheduled.
She took out her phone to do a little research.
She thought she could do it, since she was thin and cute.
He invited his friends over.
He planned everything out, and got some friends to help.
He couldn't decide what restaurant to go to.
Jay replied that girls don't have cooties.
Ben always tunes in to Criminal Minds when he gets home.
He was never went out.
His mom wanted him to turn it down.
She saw lots of vendors selling toys.
But he began making mistakes.
He walked to the hospital at night.
He only likes to drink milk.
He lost almost every game.
He opened up the Spotify Music app on his smartphone.
Out of nowhere, she stubbed her toe on one of the door ends.
Rich was mostly bummed about no more snacks.
It was her goal to one day play professionally in an orchestra.
His family was always arguing.
Tom decided to start working out every day.
Suddenly, it began to rain very hard and the baker couldn't leave.
He sold them on the street.
One of the wheels started to make a noise.
She was convinced she would win the most valuable player award.
Sam built a huge tower out of the Legos.
Suddenly he felt something in his pants.
She was very afraid to meet her teacher.
The girl behind the counter asked me what I wanted to try.
He longed to go on a hike, but it seemed impossible.
She practiced every day and took extra classes.
She saw the sights, but then she grew hungry.
The kids rearranged their classroom with chairs formed in a circle.
They were working on a project for school.
He wanted a dog like his neighbor had.
He knew it would be quite difficult, but believed in his dream.
he took his bike.
He feels ashamed that he doesn't have a car of his own.
She liked to feed Jack peanuts.
Tonight she came to our house with a chocolate cake.
She took a few classes.
He didn't know what type of plant the seeds were.
She asked her mom for one for her birthday.
He was very tall and athletic.
I applied to jobs through bulletins.
I was only a yellow belt and didn't have much experience.
And now a loose dog was coming up to her.
He came upon a flock of birds.
She was forced to attend one at school anyway.
He didn't know where he wanted to go, though.
Timmy always lost to him.
After getting stuck at two red lights, he gently accelerated.
It started to get dark quickly.
His mommy told him she would try to buy him one.
One of the fireworks appeared to explode.
Yesterday she gave us another book to read.
He challenged them all to games of chess.
Her mother decided she needed a professional to help.
She went out car shopping and looked at all kinds of models.
The bag was very heavy, and started stretching.
He had his mitt, as always, ready to catch a foul ball.
After one year she struggled to pay the rent each month.
I buckle my son into his car seat.
He didn't feel like doing too much work on a costume.
Little did she know she walked by the mural as well.
She lay in the sun to bask.
He and his friends went camping last weekend.
His mother said it was dangerous.
Larry knew there was a rainbow somewhere.
When they arrived, they noticed nobody was in the store.
Her father told her she must be brave and that he had a plan to help.
He had an entire date planned out for them.
He had a good workout.
Max's sister had recently moved to NH and dropped by.
While Rocky did his business Ray rubbed his eyes and yawned.
We sat at the table and waited for our food.
She went to the open try outs.
She saw the boy eating lunch by himself.
He carried them around all the time.
A skunk stepped out in front of him.
I had two glasses.
He invited his family to visit him for the weekend.
Amy confronted her husband's mistress.
He was looking forward to all of the fun they would have.
She went to her first workout in a new outfit.
The car had been shipped across the ocean.
Maria and her husband were scared.
My dad took me to a bar to have a drink.
The played separate games on separate laptops.
One morning, her doctor offered her a pill.
It was a cold October day.
He walked over to the tomatoes and eyed the fruit.
His friends convinced him to get on on his arm.
They stood in the middle of the floor in the living room.
Several people were waiting in line when I got there.
She arrived at the theater on time.
It made bedtimes difficult.
I was nervous and sweaty with a lot of doubt.
They left each day at 9 am sharp for field work.
All year her hitting was terrible.
She picked up a blue piece of chalk and began to write.
So he registered for a cooking contest.
Every year, they put up tasteless and gory Halloween decorations.
She decided to visit the neighborhood salon.
Suddenly, it was found out that he accepted some bribes.
When she and her boyfriend arrived at the hotel, there was bad news.
He was nervous to move.
He began to dust everything for fingerprints.
He never listed to her, he just rolled his eyes.
He tried to drive slowly to avoid any car crash.
She finds a lawyer and begins the process of getting a divorce.
Amy was nervous her crush Ray would be there.
We got into an argument that day.
He noticed a man standing near a tree.
He would sell fresh vegetables from it at the market.
He was finally healthy entering last offseason.
He decided to try a recipe he found online.
The coach cut him from the team after tryouts.
It had smashed through the soil and sediment with no problem.
She sat at the front of the class and always raised her hand.
She issued him a ticket, but then they began to talk.
Everyone had a wonderful time.
Her coworkers were outperforming her on a regular basis.
He worked very hard to be a good employee.
He asked his dad for a new game.
She decided to make one for her friend.
He would often rush his family everywhere.
At the party the girls played truth or dare.
He would download music illegally.
Her boyfriend broke up with her over winter break.
He was losing every game.
He went and looked for a rotisserie chicken, but they were out.
It was hard to wear a wristwatch.
He walked three more blocks to an ice cream store.
And throughout the day no one acknowledged it.
He decided to expand his professional network.
Her parents, however, felt it was too dangerous.
He decided to audition for the town's yearly talent show.
They had broken up and now she was feeling very sad and lonely.
He would eat it whenever he could.
So he piled them up on his plate when dinner time came.
The IRS found out that they were not paying their taxes.
One day her headphones quit working.
Suddenly, he realized he was lost!
We would stay all summer long, having the times of our lives.
He had experience hunting with his father, but that was all.
I had been nervous to lose it because of my cousin.
His favorite food is doughnuts.
He never got to play in the games, and this upset him.
He needs to get a new car now.
There were no parking spaces in front of the dry cleaners.
He took out a book and started reading to pass the time.
But wished he could let it cook by itself.
Suddenly the game he was playing became very difficult.
This summer was special in that he was able to take surfing lessons.
Her grandmother had allowed her to choose a few meals.
John applied to many jobs.
It was a stuffed monkey.
Larry was excited because he was going to visit Disney World.
There were girl scouts outside.
It did not get fixed until Monday.
When the waiter came, she decided to take the first order.
They were happy to leave their busy city and enjoy the wildlife.
Mike felt hurt.
Chrissy opened the box box.
The ring was too big.
They became involved in a weird bet with Carlos.
They were on their way to play basketball with some other friends.
He walked over to the fence to dig a hole.
When I saw him, I immediately asked if he needs help with anything.
But her houses water tasted horrible.
We searched for several clothing that we're cheap in price.
She wanted to try out a new trick.
She researched the proper technique online.
In one store they met a very nice woman named Patricia.
He decided to climb Mount Everest.
Gina grabbed the book she'd been reading so she could check it out.
She was wearing her brand new white canvas shoes.
He made the decision to go to the dentist.
She always wanted her room perfectly clean.
I picked up a bag to carry it to my trash can.
She went for regular tests at the doctors, and so far was healthy.
She visited the fabric store and bought new fabric.
I need a vacation real bad.
He sketched out the characters he would include.
She just knew it was going to be the best movie ever.
The father decided to go away he never went before.
She was cold and wet.
His first surfboard seemed to be a total waste of money.
I was extremely nervous about learning everything.
She decided she wanted to know more about the case.
He had only gotten a few hours of sleep the night before.
He applied the brakes at a stop sign.
I heard the mailman yelling at the cat from upstairs.
He found a shiny new blue one that he loved.
Sophia was relaxing by the pool with some friends.
The baby didn't seem interested in the toy.
She loved art so she saw lots of museums.
He got most of the ingredients together.
Year's before, he had been a star track runner.
My wife wanted me to go to the doctor, but I said no.
She had to use a flashlight because it was dark.
When I was ready to leave i didn't have my cell phone.
Since she forgot to remove the mitten from the oven, it got burned.
He looked all over but couldn't find it.
Sam started off eating some mild sushi.
He decided to ask his mother if he could have a dog too.
It occurred to her that she had an apple tree in her yard.
He decided to hide in his bed under the covers.
I had to take a cab home.
It was his first time ever fishing.
She took down a stop sign.
He loved the atmosphere of the arena when the music was playing.
The drive was to long so Jim booked a plane ticket.
She was buying groceries and decided to grab a test.
Gina's mom had a long conversation with the girl.
Gabe was intimated despite his own abilities.
I examined the sale cars stickers and got a shock.
We rode all of our favorite rides at California Adventure in one day.
She was watching her cousins jumping from cliffs.
He saw that there was a big fire very close to his area.
He jumped from the car and ran to the bathroom to urinate.
They were easy to get.
He learned everything he could about the topic.
She was hurt, though, because he never liked to wear them.
She tried to ignore it but it wouldn't go away.
He put lots of money into silver as an investment.
He knocked on an old farmhouse in the countryside.
The bride is my cousin.
He was very scared but decided to give it a try.
He is a hard worker and really passionate about his job.
She dug a good ten feet into the ground.
Sarah had gotten a really bad sunburn during the day.
First I got into my car, and drove to the store.
He told jokes each sunday at the local comedy club.
She was so small she would never be able to see anything.
Logan became very angry after the breakup.
And she was quickly trying to get to her next class.
On the news there was speculation of the bus drivers striking.
He was tired and fell asleep in the car on the way there.
He went to college for math.
She thinks that dressing up is too much work.
She wants to do everything I do.
He went to the grocery store.
When she woke up she tried styling it.
His manager was Jerry.
She wanted to make her some pancakes.
When he arrived he put his things away.
Cassie was looking forward to her lunch.
She was super excited for the next months.
But the doctor shocked her by saying she was having twins!
He tried to find a tux to wear.
All the sudden she heard a loud clap.
He told Helen that he did but Helen said she's not into him.
We went to the theater and they were all sold out.
He and his friends were trying to pick up girls.
She had one big cookie and she was frosting it.
A doctor said people need to eat more vegetables.
Suddenly, her aunt got called into work.
He was booked at the police station.
He had never bought a suit before.
Amy had nothing good to say about Beth.
He was out of medicine.
He salted it and bought it to the table for everyone to share.
He wandered around, fearful of ghosts.
One night, Ronald was offered some octopus sushi.
I added a Power Of Attorney.
He has been practicing every night.
While she was there, she ran into a friend.
Sara was very good at the violin, but she had stage fright.
Each day was worse than the one before and she was unhappy.
She pulled over midway to consult her map.
one day there were pickles served at the dinner table.
A friend invited her skydiving.
John tried to eat at every new pizza place that opens.
His voice started to get coarse and so he asked for water.
He could only buy the things that were on sale.
He looked at his neighbor's paper.
He doesn't like the way it looks any more.
They looked up a recipe.
They went to the club and looked for opponents.
She joked to co-workers that she'd be starting a family now.
He would enjoy taking long trips.
Suddenly she heard a strange bumping noise.
But her grandma had restricted her to one treat a week.
She was talking to her friend when a bird landed on her chair.
Most days nothing happens and I get up after a few minutes.
But she  got  married  and  decided to  have  kids.
Currently it is over one hundred dollars a month.
I had a habit of eating unhealthy foods on a daily basis.
She was excited and quickly parked her car.
She had to climb to the highest shelf on the book shelf.
That afternoon they were approached by a salesman.
I was nervous and could hardly breathe.
None of us dared go in it.
He decided to quit his insurance job, and bought a small restaurant.
She enrolls in a French course in town.
I had made a mistake with my pencil and tried to erase it.
My wife did not realize until later that it was no longer so warm.
I turned the exam booklet to the final question.
His younger brother, Jeff, had spent profligately and done bad things.
He smacked it as he did every morning.
They decided to make a movie.
She felt like her feet were going to slip out from beneath her.
The dogs were chasing her and nipping at her ankles.
Rich was a student with little money.
Finally, after what seemed like forever, it was his day off.
They had agreed to go to a movie.
But he claimed trick or treating was for children.
Ida was shivering.
He thought about what the friend was doing right.
I am now a preschool teacher.
She inspected it to see if it was loaded or not.
At the class, she learned they would be making Indian dishes.
The students created very elaborate ways to cheat to pass this.
Joey knew he would embarrass himself again by falling.
He went to space on a rocket.
I found a pancake recipe in a book and made a list of ingredients.
One day the weather turned bad so he decided to ride his car.
We were looking for a new puppy to bring home!
She wanted to put them into cupcake pans and make them mini.
During the off-season they decided to make big changes.
His methods were unorthodox at times but he got results.
As soon the page tried to load, the site was redirected.
She read that coconut oil was great for hair.
But sometimes she's just stupid, according to May.
She had taken her glasses off and realized that they were missing.
His girlfriend complains that he spends too much time with it.
She starts to worry that he drinks too much.
She went to the local animal shelter.
She didn't have many friends and she kept to herself.
She tried online dating.
The preparation would soon begin.
He went to a night club to have some social activity.
That's what I've been told by those who seem to know.
So he would bring a new girl every night so he didn't have to.
She didn't like the idea of killing them either though.
She decided to wear makeup.
One day he got an order for 10,000 chairs.
The new job sounded great on paper with more money.
She needed to get a new start.
I was looking for a particular store that had discounts today.
A man walked in with a large coat on and walked over to it.
She was worried about being in the school play.
Each of them were given a pen pal to send letters to.
He had all the cards in the game.
I needed some caffeine!
He fed them every day.
They love to go dancing every Friday.
Her parents tried to teach her but she refused to listen.
They went to a play.
When her mom needed a call, she tried to take it away.
At first I was hesitant but agreed.
He invited five of his friends and waited patiently.
Tim was the captain.
To my surprise it came today.
Her mother wanted her to get outside and enjoy the weather.
His strategy was to be friends with everyone.
So she decided to read it.
He would get a lot of great information for his story.
She tried to complain about a fraudulent transaction.
The cat ran around the living room and the kitchen in a frenzy.
Her grandmother sent Lucy's mother the picture.
I got drunk.
He saw two bugs crawl by.
Because it was the runt of the litter nobody wanted her.
They said mostly nice things.
Several flies were swarming around me.
Rob decided to check what was in the fridge.
They were payer her $20 an hour for just 2 kids.
First he had to find a wingsuit to buy.
One day her teacher pulled her aside and offered to make her a deal.
A small hole had been cut in it by his friend from the outside.
She knew that when she did she would have dreams that made her sad.
So he pretended he just had bad luck with girls.
I was walking to the counter when I lost balance.
He needed to get the special district transparency notice posted.
He needed some money.
It was a present from his girlfriend.
He put the tree onto his car and drove home.
He browsed Google to find the cheapest flight.
She was walking through a dark part of the neighborhood that night.
We prank call everyone we seen in the phone book.
He was nervous but excited about it.
He almost fell asleep on the sofa.
He came home so scared and excited he couldn't sit still.
He wanted to get her something special.
While driving he heard a loud pop.
She was having a really hard time focusing because her tummy hurt.
Jed went down to the gym floor in pain.
Bill decided he would visit the park on his next day off.
One day while he was working a kid started struggling in the water.
He decided to take a walk to the ice cream parlor to get some.
They walked and talked about Pam's school friends.
My feet had actually just grown ahead of the rest of me.
Bob misses his family.
He had practiced driving for many hours, but he still fretted.
He named them Salt and Pepper.
He never had any privacy because he shared his room.
She loved chili but had never made it herself.
I accepted the invite and the screen opened.
It was a sad experience.
He brought his dog Rodent with him.
Buck accidentally shot Bill!
But sometimes I just go there just to watch to the people.
Taking algebra this year, really had him struggling.
He was bombing me by dropping them over the second floor banister.
One of his friends made fun of Ben and made him mad.
He looked all over the house for them.
I put them in and forgot about them.
He drove the car to the side of the road and stopped.
However, she was intimidated to make it herself.
His girlfriend didn't like his old one.
She got out of bed to go see what it was.
Last week she won a big jackpot.
She put some cleaning fluid on it.
He hired a tutor to help him study.
He waited in line and asked for all flavors in a bowl.
However, Jacob still used his old, dirty, and worn glove.
His mom had some prescription painkillers.
One night, Briana was feeling very homesick.
Lucy had an attitude because she didn't want to clean.
By the time she was ten, she'd forgotten what sound was like.
One day she noticed that her patio was covered in leaves.
The wind was cold against my face as I looked out of the plane.
When I was done playing with the capo, I put it down next to me.
We decided to meet in a town about halfway between us.
Her parents had split up and her dog ran away just last week.
She would spend all her free time at the local library.
Josh had trouble pronouncing certain sounds in 3rd grade.
He tried to freehand a circle chart but failed.
She went to her local library to browse books for ideas.
One day, she noticed she had run out of pills.
There was a sale on boots.
He told me his name was Jeffrey.
She tried using different chargers she had.
Tommy loved reading, and he launched into a marathon of books.
The connector was getting sort of loose and it didn't charge well.
She saw girl she knew named Mary.
He did not know what to cook!
He wanted to relax.
Things are getting so bad that she can't even see her couch anymore.
She and other students met at the library to study.
They were 4 hours into a 9 hour drive and she was bored.
She was planning to make some money on mturk today.
His wife made it very hard for him to see his children.
His mother told him to be careful.
People saw that I liked them, so I kept receiving more from relatives.
Suddenly, she noticed a video link.
Two of the broke in months.
John felt the same about his truck.
One day her parents left without making any.
They both wanted a challenge, and they soon found the best tree.
His town began to fill up with fog all of a sudden.
When I got there I was waiting for about an hour.
Kyle gets very competitive and I am almost as bad.
Her friends urged her to participate in karaoke.
When the floods came, she'd sneak out and play in the water.
She was very sad at first.
They weren't very experienced at riding but one day hoped to compete.
It took a lot of work to use the deep fryer.
None of them have ever been on a train.
He looked under his mat and there it was.
She stepped on a piece of metal carelessly left behind by the roofer.
He felt a rather sharp pain suddenly.
He started off normal but felt like being artistic.
In a few weeks, her basil plants are growing healthily.
He decided that he wanted to play football instead.
Nelli accepted the challenge.
Coming out, she saw something awful.
He was hurt when the host didn't invite him to join.
He decided to talk to her.
He decided it was time for a replacement.
Judy's family were all coming to her house for the holidays.
To her delight she found out there was a gossip girl marathon on.
I wanted to surprise her for Christmas but was just too poor.
She told her mom that she was pregnant with a stranger.
She often felt like her life wasn't worth living.
We shared an unlimited large popcorn during the movie.
Work was always at the forefront of his priorities.
The server smiled knowingly at her.
She went to the Fort Lauderdale DMV.
But she did not know cursive.
He came up with a plan.
She had a lot of extra jewelry that she didn't use.
Her doctor had recommended she apply it after skin cancer surgery.
She went to the local beach near her house.
His teacher taught him how to write using cursive.
It was only one in a series of business trips we would make that year.
He called the owner and asked for a delivery.
Her ex boyfriend invited her to stay with him.
To do so, I had to learn a lot of new skills.
She laid the baby in it's crib and tried to leave.
She worked very hard on the turkey.
She asked her parents, but they didn't have much money either.
Upon retirement, he decided to move someplace warmer.
The barber got his equipment set up by his stand.
The mailman reached in front of my house.
Last night my husband and I went to the store to stock the pantry.
We bought Junior for our son when he was four years old.
A new boy on the bus had taken the seat next to her.
She adopted one cat and took good care of it.
She wanted to take a girls trip to Miami.
Her baby was large for a newborn, and healthy.
So, I went to the store.
I wiped the table down.
The campus bookstore was selling it for a hundred dollars.
I served myself some milk and everything.
He was caught while attempting to steal the car.
When he was asked to prom, he told his dad that he hated being poor!
When she lay down to look under the bed she got a surprise.
This would be the first real party she would ever go to.
Charity provided some food but it wasn't enough.
He walked across the neighbor to reach the large garbage can.
He would play videogames and buy apps.
The dog comes back rather quickly.
He was not paying much attention.
Pete threw the frisbee a little too far to the side.
After weeks of convincing, Katrina's mother finally said yes.
His father disapproved and beat him.
He went out and bought a cat to catch it.
They hid all of the eggs really well, almost too well.
It was over a game of basketball.
She didn't have any money, so she decided to open a lemonade stand.
One day, wolves attacked his precious livestock.
He wasn't supposed to handle them himself.
He found a little stray dog who looked hungry.
She looked online for a cheap used washer and dryer.
She took the packet out of the cupboard.
He needed to grab his keys and leave for work.
Tom tried to pet the dog on his head.
It was a big trial - a man had been shot and the shooter on trial.
She tried to cross a few cars.
They found a ball and began tossing it.
Whenever he sat down Kip would jump into his lap.
He began listening to instrumental music at work.
He trained for several hours every day.
She packed up the things they would need for the day.
He gathered some bricks and went to the highway overpass.
They were not the cheapest ones out there.
She needed to call her son back home.
They snickered when the ladies in hair nets handed them trays.
She didn't know anything about fixing one and was at a loss.
He decided to quit his job.
His iron is very old.
She became overwhelmed and needed help.
They focused on making fresh sandwiches.
He always had to ask for rides from his friends.
I looked and realized that it's an opossum.
She took her to the mall.
When she arrived, Francisco was acting sheepish.
The first guest was a fireman.
Like when his ex-girlfriend flew into town from Houston.
We could not agree about what movie to see.
She only has ramen left to eat.
She submitted her photo to a cover girl contest.
But, he didn't have enough money.
I went to the pet store and looked for a kitten.
Gina hadn't expected to have company.
As their drinks were being delivered, Mr Smith's phone rang.
He wanted to develop a better floor wax for the lanes.
She got all her friends together to have one.
She enjoyed seeing the smiles on children's faces.
She defrosted the chicken and then cut the pieces in half.
She was excited to finally get to seem them after about a year.
I was given an estimated wait time of thirty minutes.
Jan was terrified!
She spends too much money on smoking and it's bad for her.
Chuck eventually took his son out on a hunting trip.
He wanted a new pair before school started.
He scraped the food in the trash and continued working as a server.
She was going to go on a new liquid only diet.
John tagged along as a favor to his pal.
I bought all the ingredients for lasagna.
She gathered pancake mix and started to make a pancake.
They had been dying to see it.
He liked being a cop, but he loved skateboarding.
Suddenly she got a phone call.
Her teacher suggested she call the administration office.
She had two younger brothers.
She would not sleep unless her mom was holding her.
Suddenly, my car stopped working.
He realized that he had not studied last night.
John asked his dad but he said that he couldn't go.
She hit the gas as she began to go downhill.
I set the cup on my desk next to another cup, which contained water.
They decided to look for ghosts.
For some reason, it was late.
He bought her a pretty wrist corsage.
She sees them very rarely.
She put on her biking shoes.
He ran like a wild one after the birds.
I would scavenge the local hiking trails for precious stones.
One day, her friends told her they didn't like her.
He tried to figure out what it was.
And the next day, she forgot that she forgot.
He found an article about himself.
Today he was out in his mobility unit cruising around the grounds.
When she did, he didn't seem to see her.
Her husband agreed and invited their friends.
Carrie trusted Manny and so she did as he asked.
One of my cousins thought it would be funny to bind himself to a tree.
None of her friends or family members studied past high school.
He opened an envelope that reminded him of an overdue book.
After he failed a quiz, his parents began to do his homework with him.
She tried a few ideas, but they all broke.
Before they left, she buried a tiny pinecone in the ground.
Kelly was thankful to scoop up a pair yesterday.
Officer Jones saw such a man walk past him.
She wanted to see icebergs and play on a big boat.
He needed to pull a B on his test in order to pass his class.
We let my father keep track of our scores.
She forgot some of the words so she made them up.
Jeremy is afraid of heights and fears diving from the high board.
His town had a big unemployment problem, though.
She went out of her way to drive through it on her current trip.
He found a pinball machine that gave out a lot of tickets.
He told his boss.
He was pleased because he usually oversleeps.
Mary left late for work.
His phone rang and he put his sandwich on a rock to answer.
Her friend Beth begged her to try out for track with her.
He hates how dull his teeth always looked.
He wanted to buy a new car.
When the package arrived, Vera saw it was only a roll of sticky tape.
He noticed a film crew for a news station.
He wore them out one night.
He went to the supermarket one day to buy some.
She asked her mother to buy them for her.
He lived with a strict code.
She fell in love with an immature, irresponsible young man.
He never had enough money to go.
She had no money to afford it.
She searched but couldn't find the vegetable slicer.
Jill became very scared.
She came from a breeder far away.
He was very upset that his team was losing.
One afternoon, Samantha decided to program a new application.
I have many friends that are having babies and I need to get gifts.
He went down to the end of the block.
She took the watch to a local repair shop.
He needed an instrument.
He made fun of his friends whenever they had white wine.
She hanged out with a bad crowd.
All of their first year they took the same classes.
She asked her friend to feed her fish.
She set up camp and then left to go for a hike.
They traveled to their favorite orchard.
She really wants to go to a concert.
She was super busy lately and had no time to study.
She heard a loud vacuum sound.
We played hide and seek.
He looked for a spot for minutes.
They run up and down the fence in the backyard barking at other dogs.
She had done it for years and made lots of money.
We decided to meet up in a few days.
Lara picked Jason up in her car.
He played with it everyday.
They made the nursery and packed the bags.
Then he went to the local market, called a souk.
One day, Harry decided to seek out help to improve his swing.
My friend recommended I buy some cactus plants.
He watched as the timer on the website slowly counted down to zero.
A small puppy tried to climb on her legs.
They played on the monkey bars.
His warm little body snuggled up against mine made me sleepy too.
One day he befriended Charlie, a skinny boy.
She went on a trip to see the forests and lakes.
It became cloudy and they could not see land anymore.
Bob didn't want to write the essay.
She signed up for the half marathon.
His mom told him no.
He would cry and scream all day and she couldn't do much to help.
Her boyfriend thought he was trying to trap her.
He was heartbroken over it.
She was parked close to the building near the lunch area.
She was very nervous.
It was winter and many sicknesses were going around the school.
Her mom suggested she use some cream.
The first time his girlfriend tried to make toast it burned.
It was his favorite cartoon on tv.
I kept trying and trying to hit one, but it never happened.
Suddenly she hit a patch of ice.
She decided to try out for a television competition.
Jen said she didn't have anything.
When Sarah visits a new beach she brings home sand from that beach.
When he went to put it on today, he noticed a button was missing.
He learned he had a bad infection in his leg.
He researches all his local deals.
He tried getting a glass bottle hot enough to bend it.
They went online to get tickets but couldn't get any.
He got into his car and went to the shop.
They put on extensions, and wore high heels.
He had little resources.
Trixie's owner takes her to the groomer every two weeks.
The yarn was in a tote bag.
She ordered several black and white cookies for her and her friends.
In a swanky store Amy spotted a purse she wanted to purchase.
They couldn't fathom why she would display such unattractive items.
He played the game everyday from morning till night.
They had been sitting on the swings for 2 hours.
I won a few matches before going up against a girl.
She asked Mary's mom for a cookie.
Anthony dared him to go down the big hill.
He never brushed.
He would work on his computer all day.
He was still there fifteen minutes later.
He swung his cleaver all day at hanging meat.
She was invited to an event to read her story for an audience.
They were eating their food and her friend thought it was too cold.
When she got such last time she didn't go to the doctor.
A cheetah suddenly appeared out.
We could not figure out what was wrong.
Her girlfriend gave him a large hug and took the flowers away.
He was working on his laptop.
He decides it is time to clean up his look.
His mom wanted him to take a bath.
But he didn't have dinner yet.
He would often return to his parents home and visit the forest.
On his way to school he stopped to pet a puppy.
He scheduled a doctor's appointment.
He wanted to eat a cookie.
She was shopping for some beer.
Having no idea where it came from, he was reluctant to open it.
He just missed his bus.
Then they decided to plan a date night.
She stepped on a board that suddenly gave way.
His friends had begun to refuse coming over because of it.
He shouted at the driver and the driver flipped Pat off.
She immediately turned to her crush Ray.
She found him to be very attractive and fun to be around, too.
He has learned the first three letters.
Bethany loved her boyfriend.
But he was afraid of dogs.
She was lost and did not know how to get back to her hotel.
Our friend had passed away, so it was time to pay our respects.
Two days ago he went up a hillside to an abandoned cabin.
He forgot his grout.
He tried taking it to the dog park.
They heard a hurricane was coming.
Eager for money, he took a local paper route.
She felt like she'd made it as she took her first coffee break.
She was unemployed and had to come up with a few hundred dollars.
He traded a friend at school for the game.
This afternoon, after work, she went to pick up her two kids.
All his friends were there.
She went to the store and bought supplies.
It was also grumbling.
She was very nervous and anxious.
When he arrived, he found a beautiful brindled dog.
She found her way onto the balance beam.
To make things interesting, they decided to play blindfolded.
Sally tried to hide whenever the neighbors came.
She never cooked for him before.
Sam was sad that there was barely any snow to play in.
They met at a coffee shop downtown.
He would spend hours studying the past of his ancestors.
The bus driver wouldn't let Sam on because he didn't have enough cash.
Suddenly, they heard a low growl.
One day for show and tell he brought his ladybug collection.
He was washing his socks today.
My dog spotted another dog in the distance.
I jacked up the car.
Feeling nervous, he started fidgeting.
She told him he had to get on his bunk bed.
My friend tried to find people to take the kittens.
Before looking in the obvious places, I searched other places.
The screen went blank.
It was a nice day and he needed the fresh air.
When Jake picked Mary up for a date he had something special planned.
She had very little money.
But Josh didn't have much money at all.
He cooked mahi mahi and potatoes.
The first is that she expects you to wash your hands a lot.
She tried to hunt it out and get rid of it.
I saw a beautiful white dress that I loved.
They were slowly going through the course.
His cat had ripped his old shoes to shreds.
She made a special spot for the soon-to-be mama cat to give birth.
I struggled to handle it with a wooden spoon.
I won the first game and drew the second.
The principal called the first student to receive an academic award.
And he noticed that there was a wallet left on the chair.
She was wearing her favorite pair one day and stepped in a crack.
She searched stores but could not find one she could afford.
Then, her daughter wanted to try out for a commercial.
Her mom and brother liked one team that was playing.
I had to get a round of shots.
The line was out the door and it was exciting.
While admiring the scenery we saw a flash of white.
I am a mass transit consultant.
He was skeptical of the crowd and nervous to give his opinion.
He didn't have enough money to afford a new outfit.
He decides he might need to buy another shirt.
She got dressed and made a list.
Her mother always urged her not to, but Ashley never listened.
They both got ear aches from the noise.
He had always been too nervous to tell her how he felt.
There was a show he wanted to watch at ten.
He tried to swing on a branch that he caught.
She carefully made her dough, then baked it.
He currently can only deadliest about two hundred pounds.
But she wanted to eat pizza.
She quickly lost weight, and got many compliments.
She noticed it the next day, too.
They were all having a wonderful time fishing and relaxing.
We were running around chasing each other.
He had to take a remedial course in college.
But she realized she should finish the book she already had.
The sun was out and the beach was busy.
I instantly jumped up.
Development has been pretty tough lately.
She hid behind the washing machine.
It was an instant attraction.
She was very frightened about it!
He snuck into the bathroom.
He realized his payment didn't go through.
Ken kept cheating on Julie.
His friends like his candles and offered to buy them.
When she didn't come home by 7, her mother was worried.
My parents told me to pack my things and get ready to go.
His father shouted at him for playing with dolls.
When the class reunion was held, she showed up in a limo.
She set off down the road.
He loved his job.
He uploaded them to cloud storage on Dropbox's servers.
Worried, Joan called the doctor.
He brought it home to his mom.
At the end of the block her grandmother's voice called her back.
She decided she wanted a pet to keep her company.
They had little money and no food in the house.
So he bought some skates and went to a local ice rink.
Just call the party line and you'll be connected with a girl.
His grandma was making him some hot chocolate.
He got out books and always returned them on time.
She just couldn't pull on it hard enough.
It was a summer job.
He brought it to the local watch shop.
He had a boring job in a boring city with a boring life.
She went to the trade-in section and asked for the trade-in-value.
She decided to try a date online.
Francis decided he wanted to teach his puppy some new tricks.
I took the livers out to the fishing dock, putting one on my pole.
He had forgotten about a test.
She decided to make some homemade frosting.
He got the jack and proceeded to lift the car so he could get under.
He eyed the clock anxiously as it neared 7 am.
We went to BE together but she moved to Oakland.
He went home and designed a very ambitious design.
A religious Evangelist came on the screen.
She planted her own seeds.
She had all the ingredients she needed.
She was aghast when her dad took out his dentures to eat.
It woke up the entire house.
One day he decided he couldn't take it anymore.
She left and saw a tick crawling on her leg.
There was construction on the road he was taking.
The town has been forced to use water filters for it.
Suddenly, the roof caved in.
It predicted a mostly sunny day for tomorrow.
I asked my professor for one.
Her husband did not think they could afford it.
John took the gift to class the next day.
He wanted a good one for his Christmas card.
She slept for almost 12 hours straight.
He was excited despite feeling nauseous.
He carefully planned out what he would wear to the party.
Tom was her boyfriend.
He awoke to see his dad waiting for him.
She named it Bailey.
Tasha was worried she wouldn't have enough time.
She told her friend Jill.
Her friends made fun of her.
I was very excited to meet my new teacher.
They were all in the mood for Pizza.
He decided to go out to eat instead.
He saved up for a pool table, a bar and a poker table.
He figured that it would be okay because he had brushed well.
Shoes were very cheap when I was young.
He went to the best clown college in Paris, France.
The night was cold, so they lit a fire.
After high school she moved to New York to study music.
She doesn't know that Jill lives with her boyfriend.
She left her in her bedroom for a nap.
She lived her parents and worked long hours.
Her brothers know how much she hates clowns.
She saw a jellyfish washing up on the shore.
They were losing by 3 points in the 4th quarter.
He asked Joe if he had the money that he borrowed a week ago.
One time, he took me to a cave about two hours from home.
He cooked dinner before she got home.
He noticed a tear in the flag and felt a calling to fix it.
When her poured some cereal into his bowl, a prize popped out.
He could not hear anything.
One day, his father lost all their money.
He wanted to ride on space Mountain but the line was very long.
She found a pair of tap dance shoes on sale.
He's been needing a bike for a while.
He stopped in front of a particular one deep down a row.
She did not have many friends.
All of his friends were swinging on a rope swing.
She was always looking for some place she could be alone.
We saw a baseball game was happening.
He took some medicine but it did not help.
He was very lonely so he studied the people he knew.
His father constantly yelled at him for seemingly no reason.
Lisa decided to be honest with her boyfriend.
Mandy now had to find a job in her career field.
One day Ben got a job to build computers.
This was against school rules so he was sent to detention.
He wants to sabotage his boss and take her job.
He didn't have a costume though.
It was starting soon and the girls needed to get there soon.
He didn't want the dog to get hit by a car!
He went down to the humane society with his current dog in tow.
His name was billy.
But she took a job as a dishwasher after school to earn money.
There were over fifteen pots and pans to wash.
He had been hospitalized for two weeks.
He was searching for a leather coat.
The high school dance was coming up and Johnny didn't have a date.
The family was worried that Frankie was lonely by himself.
The hamster was missing!
He wished he had money so he could buy more clothes.
If he failed he knew he would not graduate.
She was tired because the baby wouldn't stop crying.
Suddenly a strange object got stuck in her toenail.
She practiced every day at school and at home.
She hadn't seen any animals and was beginning to feel sick.
He used to go there almost everyday after work.
They were meeting for lunch.
He looked at all these images of hot guys.
She was worried!
He studied from the encyclopedia for weeks.
It's pretty busy and there's lots to do.
They cannot eat between meals on this day because of their religion.
She wanted to walk.
She has always teased him for not knowing how to cook.
His name is Gary Edward, but we called him GE.
He and two friends found a waterfall a few miles from their camp.
That's a hobby that can be expensive, so Bob needed more money!
He quickly looked over it to see if it was clean.
One day he went to the China Buffet.
He greeted Mister Tom, the driver when getting on the school bus.
He bit into it and then spit it back out.
His wife loved going out to clubs.
He was also watching the football game.
I could not get my engine to start.
She had been looking forward to her chocolate cake all day.
The forest was home to hundreds of animals.
Her mother encouraged her to try out for a popular singing contest on.
She told her mom she was excited, but Jenny was shaking.
One day the teacher said they were going to paint with egg temperas.
One day Mark discovered the town library.
She had no money for the repairs.
He was 36 years old and didn't have a car.
My kumquat tree had just bloomed.
Now, both of us worked full time.
He tried taking a class at a community center.
There was a horse looking back at her.
He always lost his socks when doing the laundry.
He decides he needs to clean them to see better.
It would be easy for someone to accidentally get burned.
My girl friend and I noticed a strange smell.
I asked for a drink afterwards, but he told me no.
They were gathered in her room.
They kept taking more and more shots.
Things were not going well.
The first one was a 10 year old blonde with green eyes.
It was a Kodak.
Tim asked him to return it, but he wouldn't.
Her company is desperate to replace her.
She asked Lucy to help her choose, but it was hard.
She looked for recipes that were low fat with cocoa.
She soaked them all first.
The major looked at his uniform and frowned.
Gary was anticipating getting his height measured.
He was very nervous.
She procrastinated because she hated going door to door.
And he read that it was healthy to eat.
I emptied the contents out onto the floor.
She was excited to take it.
She thought about the baby she gave up often.
The party was at the local nail salon that was brand new.
Her boyfriend wanted to surprise her with a batch.
He decided it was best to run away.
But on Valentine's Day she realized she didn't have one for Mark.
The two walked their horses for a while and then stopped to talk.
She wants to find a boyfriend but doesn't know how.
He practiced hard all week.
She worked and worked to invent a robot best friend.
It has a strap that slips.
She had gained a huge lead before them.
He had been up all night studying for a big test and wasn't ready.
He hears the mail truck arrive.
She and her father both thought that they would never see each other.
He would always hit himself when he got mad.
She was unprepared.
She asked her mother for a telescope.
He was especially busy today and late on his work.
So Jim put his fan on its highest setting.
Then the car sped off!
He challenged another really good player in town to prove himself.
Once, he incorrectly read a receipt to one of his customers.
He has been sketching ideas on how to start one.
All of a sudden we saw a bear in the distance.
She was waiting for her grandpa to finish his lunch.
One day he noticed that other job candidates all had briefcases.
He was disappointed when he went to his first practice.
She had a beautiful voice but couldn't sing.
She looked up every artist she wanted.
So I turned on the TV.
He lived alone, sometimes having trouble getting around.
Nathan was a jerk.
Their only problem was that the auditorium had a broken pipe.
After she graduated from college, she accepted a job as a teacher.
One day we had four players.
She only knew how to bake from a box, not from scratch.
I decided to go to it.
She was using her grandma's recipe.
He'd never encountered a vault he couldn't penetrate.
Each of the family members lived in different cities.
He sat down and began to sketch out his ideas for the story.
Then his girlfriend leaves him.
The two teams were tied near the end of the fourth quarter.
I learned a friend of mine was leaving my company.
A girl said she would date him if he trimmed it.
I answered and told him to give me five minutes.
It talked about the boy she liked.
Although she needed to study for a final exam, she stayed for a while.
One day she decided to take her basket with her to pick some.
One lady in particular was quite a hoot!
I took three of my friends.
Tom visited several brick and mortar stores.
The disk seemed scratched.
He researched different jobs in the field.
First she would need a piece of paper and a pencil.
She planned her day to take in every attraction.
He decided he would catch his own.
He decides to make dinner.
She asked to use it.
He noticed that an ice skating rink opened up downtown.
Courtney just found out that she is pregnant.
They decided they would make a birdhouse for the bird's.
He called his friends but none of them were available.
She wanted to attend both, but it was impossible.
He finally told him mom.
She had called for weeks to try and get a reservation.
He made an appointment with his doctor.
She has boxes of receipts and papers that she needs to go through.
I feel very distant from the typed words.
But the teacher insisted a parent had to pick it up.
One of them was named Sasha Bebo.
My phone was dead, and I couldn't use it.
They were looking for the perfect tree!
He promised his girlfriend he would take care of it.
He wrapped them around a large doll to make a human figure.
But she needed to eat better so she tried to start.
To her horror, she found that she had started her period!
Amy allowed Sue to wear the jeans hoping they would become friends.
Any thing Tina told her to do, she did the opposite.
She decided to purchase a bird feeder.
But he needed a job and those types of company are always hiring.
She tried to shove it through the front door.
He talked his parents into getting him a magic set and lessons.
Many people bought tickets because the prize was a car.
Everyone at the party were also placing their drinks to rest.
She sat in the front to allow her to hear the professor properly.
He invited us to go out last weekend.
He was on his side, his left leg bent forward awkwardly.
She wasn't wearing snow pants because they didn't look cool.
At night, the owl would fly from its perch.
He found some new steak sauce that he was going to try.
She talked on the phone for three hours every night.
He began job searching more seriously.
I wasn't sure if it was alive so I crept up to get a closer look.
One day he walked by the yard and they were bright pink.
There was a big wave that they all managed to ride on together.
He bought four thousand acres of land.
He set it on the edge of the table.
The television got to my house just in time.
She went to Home Depot to purchase all the materials.
His father was a dentist and forbade him.
He can't bear the thought of going into work that day.
He sounded really bad when he first tried to play.
Penny and her family got in the car, and drove a long time.
I've excelled at school with ease.
I've mentioned how we met and how we love each other.
He picked up the costume his wife ordered online.
Mandy couldn't wait to swim and play.
He always wanted to act but decided to work backstage instead.
As she sprayed it with the hose it bubbled and foamed.
But Charles is always looking for a way to make money online.
Their mother thought the local park would be the best place.
Gina liked the new teacher.
The next morning she woke up and panicked after looking at the time.
He had dreams about failing in school.
She went to the boutique to buy it for herself.
She tried watching cooking shows, but they weren't helpful.
Sometimes, she feels like the other kids are obnoxious.
There was only bills and a single personal letter.
I did not know anyone because I recently moved.
Rather than being excited, he felt quite bored.
The two girls got along well up until bedtime.
He stayed up all night studying.
They were texting each other secretly.
The toy arrived within a week.
She stayed up all night to study for it.
It began to fry from the melted butter.
Each wanted to beat the other.
He had an important presentation to give later that day.
When they were done, he decided to take them out.
But no matter how much he yelled, his students never behaved.
She strung the lights up first.
He was going very fast.
You could hear the song as you walked past her house.
She really wanted a car of her own.
She had a goal to post a video every day.
He asked his court jester to try each of them.
She accidentally bought enamel paint.
He realized that he did not have his phone.
She went through bouts of runny and then stuffy nose.
When I tried to grab it, she ran away.
She and her friends were going to perform a dance for a recital.
He really wants to make a difference for his team.
He had a tough life on the streets.
They are pencil and ink drawings that are xeroxed for production.
I had to start a workout routine.
His neighbor was one year older than him.
He ran to his car, forgetting to call his office.
My friends and I decided to make pizza for our families.
She was afraid to pull it quite hard enough to get it out.
I eat a honey bun after every meal.
They decided to open up a day camp for kids.
Her brother helped her vacuum.
She never saw what was sleeping inside the cage in her room.
She set out a trap with a sticky surface to catch the pest.
He was at the grocery store.
While out on the ocean, his fishing boat lost power.
When I got to the course, I was surprised to see an ambulance there.
They decided to practice two times a week.
He emptied all his small garbage cans into a large garbage can.
Sally called the stores in the mall where they visited.
Sandy told her father about the bad dream.
They were blueberry her favorite.
The screen on his phone was shattered.
He purchased a subscription to a batting practice range.
He uses teamwork with his friends to build homes.
He asked me if I wanted to play.
He always knew what to say.
One winter evening, close to Christmas, I found out.
They shared everyday and every activity together.
Chad found out they would be in concert next week.
One of his favorites is Batman.
Her brother dropped some books on it on accident.
He was only 12 and he was sure his dad would win.
It was for tennis back in the day.
He arrived the day of the event with his gift.
He walked to class and sat in his seat.
He picked up his phone but dropped it immediately into the sink.
He wanted to throw a party.
He drove to the beach by himself.
She got invited to a costume party her first week there.
They plan to build a yurt to live in.
One day a friend recommended Larry try making margaritas at home.
Susan has a showering problem.
The sun began to bother him.
He began reading forums online about motorcycling.
The light was green but he didn't go.
He trick-or-treated and couldn't wait to eat all his candy.
But she couldn't find them.
Another guy got out of a car and walked up to Jason.
She crossed the border into Tijuana but needed to make a call.
He wasn't wearing a jacket in the 20 degree weather.
I got a card from my dad.
The first time was at sunset on the beach and the car got stuck.
Her cousin Ella could knit but wanted to learn to sew.
And he saw an infomercial for special protein powder.
Sam wanted the false ceiling removed to open up the shower.
He had to wear his mother's purse to hold his phone and keys.
She Was allowed to stay up late to see the whole movie.
However she got a call from her mom.
He needed a new microwave.
Yesterday she decided to dye her own hair blonde.
The noise was too loud for him.
The parents would not tell us the name before the baby was born.
A large bulldog was resting near his dog house.
One side of his face was much patchier than the other.
He left extra early to make sure he arrived on time.
He did an experiment and recorded the results.
The baby did not like the water.
She asked her parents if they would get her one.
But there was a commercial that he didn't like.
She went inside, expecting to see her parents packing.
He was getting ready to leave to go home.
The weather was beginning to warm up in the spring.
But his dog was very bad-mannered and always ran away.
His dog started to bark really loudly.
Tiana was worried she would not do well.
I smoked more and more every day.
She also bought bags of Easter candy.
He didn't have money to get it fixed.
The judged asked him to honestly answer several questions.
He felt that his cubicle was almost like a prison.
Everyone got onto the dance floor as the music was playing.
She was going really fast down the sidewalk.
He tried to sleep it off.
This frightened her.
He had more lobster meat than he could carry.
They would bring the sled up these giant sand dunes that were frozen.
After adding up all of the expenses it would cause, they were shocked.
He decided to relax at the employee lounge.
Frank decided that he would visit his favorite fast food store.
He was listening to his favorite music on his iPod.
Everyone died or was tortured and hurt in some way.
Annie said yes and the two have been inseparable since then.
She had assembled all her ingredients carefully.
They decided they wanted to play a prank.
She made the bread according to an online receipe.
His teacher recommended that he go to tutoring.
He packed all the essentials.
She was due next month.
She accepted the offer.
They went for hot dogs.
As she was swimming in the ocean she was bitten by a jellyfish.
The needle broke.
When we were younger he would fight with me.
He threw a rock at a bush he thought that contained birds.
She watered the seed daily.
The task required the ability to translate Spanish.
But he woke in the morning feeling ill.
We got out to relax by the creek while waiting for someone to pass by.
He did not run and play like he usually does.
Things have been tough here and many people are miserable.
She went on the plane and arrived to Europe in half a day.
The coach attended one of John's games at the high school.
She worked out every day.
For some reason, they seem to always be friendly.
One evening she walked into the basement.
After a while he realized he did not know where he was any more.
It wasn't in really good shape.
It was due on Monday.
She was in a hurry.
Unfortunately, she had to work the night that it premiered.
One day, she dropped a mirror and it shattered.
His alarm woke him an hour late, just barely before work time.
She had felt bad about dropping out and decised to go back.
It suited me well and I got a lot of enjoyment out of it.
He traveled all over the world with his job.
She was so proud.
He took his favorite sled.
A day before the trip I got ill and we were unable to go.
Apologizing profusely, he would promise to be more careful.
Her family decided to throw her a sweet sixteen party.
I called my mechanic and had it checked out.
She started baking cookies.
There was a small duck swimming towards the alligator.
John said it's not about money.
She finally decided to buy a new one.
He made many types of beers and ales.
One day, Jesse had a terrible experience while walking a client's dog.
She made all kinds of different goodies.
Only there wasn't any snow yet.
He was just about to leave.
The attached note merely said they were from an admirer.
When she got out, she looked for a plug port.
My friend Chris would always rush the quarterback.
He found a lump of what looked like gold!
He bought some fireworks to celebrate.
She liked being one of the few women in the field.
He was so sweet and held the door for me.
She went to the store and had just the amount of money for the phone.
The teacher patiently explained what was expected from her class.
He never practiced and sports came easy to him.
When they walked out the ground was covered.
He absolutely loves Christmas and wanted a Christmas themed party.
He landed his first job in a long time.
I played those records until I wore out their grooves.
Sue was sad and distant lately.
Carl saw this happen from a window while inside.
He tried to go get it after verifying over the phone.
They were staying in Hastings and wanted to visit the beach.
His kids decided to wash it.
We checked the oil and filled the gas tank.
He ran so well in high school that he got a scholarship.
Phil needed a transplant, so he entered the waiting list.
She had a private compartment and enjoyed watching the scenery.
He was trained to sniff out bombs for the military.
They had an appointment for a sonogram.
Tina really wanted a car.
Many people tried and failed to plan something.
Brady often thought of that piece of coal.
She bragged about it to everyone.
His whole family tried to kill him.
Her dad was taking her at 6 am the next morning.
Suddenly, she noticed loud music coming from next door.
She told the hairstylist to trim her hair by an inch.
We played a very close game of NBA 2k16.
But, I didn't want to workout.
I didn't know what to do and felt bored.
In reality it had been confiscated by a teacher.
There was one that i saw that I just loved.
He did not disturb the bear at all, he simply walked away.
He was pushed against a locker and punched a few times.
In college he studied psychology and figured his mother neurotic.
The secretary noticed that he forgot an important document.
After school she went to her friend's house.
She took it apart to clean it out.
The two of them were getting sick of each other.
He loved cooking and eating his food.
The whole family was there to help Sue move into the dorm.
She buys every kind she can find.
Together, they mixed up the dough in a big bowl.
All his friends told him not too and that it was a bad idea.
His mom wanted to take pictures to remember the age.
He recently found out he was adopted.
He buys a harpsichord.
He was running out of time to find a place to hide.
Then one night, he was in a terrible car accident.
I used flour, sugar, and followed the recipe.
Lionel was very quick at everything he did.
Mike was upset that his sister was on his team.
He became part of a fishing crew.
The kind with the big water wheel that went on the Mississippi river.
He put some ice in a blender.
She walked down the street and everyone turned their heads.
She decided to tell her parents.
Sometimes I get a little carried away with them.
She worked hard at her job.
The kids loved me, though they were a bit quiet and shy.
They worked long hours on the ranch but they both loved it.
I was excited and ready to go.
But her teacher decided she was being disruptive to the class.
She wanted to scuba dive.
The trader's commission was eating into Bob's profit.
This year they're planning a barbecue.
She thought everyone there was terrible at singing.
When he was forced to share, he would cry and pout.
I heard an old Bee Gees tune recently.
The deadline had been pushed over the weekend.
He wanted to plant a tree.
The pair jetted off to Pier One Imports to do some fun shopping.
He decided it was time for him to learn.
After shopping around at the mall for a few hours he had no luck.
He would drink it by the gallons.
He decided to try and throw ten strikes in a row.
But after she finished, her sister said they were too unhealthy.
When I was younger, I accidentally stepped on a bee's nest.
They put off fixing it for a long time.
Her daughter was admitted to a college in Alabama.
I looked online for a good recipe.
After a week he wanted to quit.
She had a lot on her mind.
The courses that she takes are very challenging.
When he opened his front door, a large dog was standing there.
He took his scooter around the neighborhood.
He noticed that you could get a free sundae on your birthday.
Chad was excited to be taking his first picture today.
He was stopped and asked to show his identification.
But now that her grandpa was dead there was a free room.
He went out one evening to the local disco.
He decided to start dealing drugs.
The leaf was larger than the ant.
He considered him his best friend.
I looked all over the house and in all my pockets.
She came to a complete stop.
Rather than be sad, Jessica was happy.
When he didn't get his way, he would scream and throw a fit.
The people golfing ahead of them were being really slow.
All of a sudden, she couldn't control the cursor.
I decided to nurse her back to full health.
His new home had space for his own home office.
But her friend said steel cut oats were better.
She was having fun until the ball hit her in the face.
Someone was at her front door.
She enjoyed dancing all styles of dance.
His small plane went down in the Pacific.
She bet he couldn't eat veggies at every meal for a week.
Ms Moffett was the first to arrive, as she is always punctual.
My boyfriend had proposed by the lake.
He was always on time and worked feverishly.
He had been playing on the beach all morning.
One morning, his normal route was closed.
As the chicken sizzled, he remembered he forgot something in the car.
He currently can't  do more than sixty.
She decided she wanted to run on the treadmill.
He narrowed his choice down to Yale and UCLA.
Bill accumulated almost $10,000 in credit card debt.
Lately, his tuba was not pronouncing the notes as loudly.
I got nervous when she began to ask me awkward questions.
The letter stated they want to do an audit for 2013.
At first it was a peaceful ride.
I kept it in my basement for many years.
She made the best of it by wearing her grandma's old fashions.
She spent an afternoon planting the bulbs.
There was nothing there.
He started being more friendly and outgoing to people.
He told his boss he was going home.
he attempted suicide via an overdose of pills.
She decided to enter a baking competition.
They were supposed to arrive at their family's house by dinner.
It was the weekend and I decided to stay in.
They had been fighting for weeks.
On the third week of school, his teacher told him a test was coming.
I had put a bird feeder in a tree I could see from inside my house.
But, I didn't have a doggy door.
But they didn't have anything in common.
He liked the brotherhood aspect, and the close bonds.
He went to the library to look up books about time travel.
She thought about various movies in her head.
Lady ran away from her home, but her humans saw her leave.
I didn't realize it had mold.
He was a handsome devil, who gave her his last name.
She started playing near some rocks.
We would rent out a court and meet up to play.
She looked over all the resumes that had been submitted.
She locked up the house as normal.
The doctor came into the room and told her was simply a flu.
Al hurt his shoulder during training.
He saw a sign at the circus advertising elephant rides.
It was dark and I was watching scary movies.
Tom felt bad that he hadn't been invited to go with them.
His gym helps him hold himself accountable.
He jumped up onto a shelf where several paint cans were kept.
They haven't been there in 2 months!
John's character started to slip.
We were excited about the New Year's marathon on the Sci-fi channel.
I visited an orange farm in Jacksonville.
Anna was excited to babysit them.
He needed to pay for his car.
There were seemingly hundreds of decisions to make.
He decided to get solar panels installed in his home.
He did not have any furniture and needed to get some.
I think it would be really fun.
She filled her cart and then saved it to purchase a few days later.
And they were starting to smell really good.
She fell asleep while waiting for the oven.
Jane wanted them to understand it was good for them.
An hour later her shoulder still hurt.
He asked the tour guide to show him the dragons.
They all got very messy.
They created rules stating that you have to drink after each loss.
He did not make it this time.
She decided to get a part time job.
She hadn't signed up to babysit this many kids!
The next day was the martial arts tournament.
One day Kevin's internet went down.
Oliver is a very ornery cat.
They had a student with peanut allergies.
I decided I'd get an apple phone.
Billy warned him to reconsider what he was about to do.
In the mornings he brings me my newspaper.
He was an expert on all things containing cocoa.
They went to the park nearby.
It had just started so I thought I was safe.
When I painted it and went to school, I was surprised.
But it would be a lot of work.
Looking for a job, he cut it off.
The pay is somewhat low, but he loves what he does.
Mike and Ike were not ready for the test.
He looked all over the store and finally settled on perfume.
Emily had to spend the whole day at their house.
He took it to a pawn shop.
He spent the entire day building a giant sand castle.
He always picked it up and saved it.
She rang it over and over.
Kristen was going to perform for the very first time.
She made copies of her presentation deck to distribute.
Although it was hard for him to pay attention, he tried to be calm.
He'd never gone to a seafood restaurant before.
Clark was tired of hearing Kevin talk about this girl.
He saw that there was 350 apples.
The new car was a convertible and very fast.
She had just hung a wreath on the door.
He checked into his hotel.
I saw someone approaching the counter with a video camera.
He used a recipe he found on the internet.
She invited all her closest friends.
A single spotlight shone on the wooden dance floor.
He jerked his head upwards and hit his bed's head board.
Bob had purchased two sticks of RAM earlier at the electronics shop.
The chorus decided to put on a fall concert.
He decided to write lots of stories about murder.
She was afraid she had poisoned herself.
I asked him what he was planning to do this week.
She had heard back from everybody except for her very best friend!
She has no idea what he is talking about.
She slipped into a coma.
Marc hit Jerome in the face.
The kind lady drove Lucy to a police station.
He had his dad help him practice every evening.
She was responsible for the grand opening events.
Her grandmother May checked on her.
He was the school star on the wrestling team.
Joe threw a fit and refused to help.
She wanted to thoroughly clean and detail her car.
She had practiced all summer.
In the middle of the night I woke up to her staring at me.
He went to the store to buy a new shovel.
He convinced me to go to a live show with him.
They are cheap and tasty Vietnamese sub sandwiches.
His paper sent him to Brunei.
He could write in numerous handwriting styles.
She decided to take better care of her hair.
Dally wasn't really feeling up to it at the last minute.
He brought it up to the driver.
After several year of practice I was finally ready to play on the ice.
She was out of work and had no money.
She had learned about putting coconut oil in your hair.
He could not wait!
I was so happy to go, despite being a clueless toddler.
He took it into the repair shop.
one day Randy asked Kara if they wanted to date.
She saw that the moon was red.
They were both fast, and both wanted to win first prize at the race.
They were graduating and she wanted to show her love, memorably!
Marty decided that he should buy a new pair of shoes.
It is amazing how all the kids are so willing to learn to read.
She accepted, which made me both happy and nervous.
She served them the meat and soup proudly.
My school would be going up against our rival team.
Using green felt and some white eyes, he made a frog.
At the restaurant he had a few beers.
He would nearly faint at the thought of a pig.
She was stuck on a hard question.
Sam was nervous.
Ben sat down on his skateboard and sped down the hill.
Tom inserted the game into his game system.
He decided he would eat raw eggs.
He realized he was throwing away a lot of water bottles.
He rang a bell and waited.
When I started to sing, I choked a little bit.
She wasn't sure how to keep them occupied.
Suddenly, she ran into her ex boyfriend.
They were shopping for dresses for Nia's wedding.
He wanted to show the music to his friend Bob.
When he got older, he went through speech therapy.
She had been working on getting a triple turn.
It was Marty's turn to clean it.
I bought a bonsai tree to plant.
They presented him a lie when he arrived.
They held him from his legs and took off his shoes.
Libby stopped to look at a store window.
He had to drive a delivery van.
It was exactly midnight and they were scared.
There were all kinds of animals carved in ice.
When they got to the restaurant they were waiting a long time.
And she saw two products several different milk brands.
Like most toddlers, he loves to play outside.
It gave me shelter from the rain.
He never did his homework.
He knew he needed to get an oil change, but today there was no time.
She was radiant, the picture of beauty.
When I bought them home my shelves were too full.
He knocked on one door and waited.
She was excited to be on stage.
He would come home every day and feed him.
She acquired her first plant, a geranium, from her mother.
One day he had to book a flight.
He decided that he could not chop wood anymore.
Annie heard an odd noise.
One day, the electricity provider called.
Cody had good intentions, but they didn't quite work out.
He was tired but decided to take one from his pack.
The song played on the radio all the time.
He was on a field trip to the zoo with his classmates.
So when she received a C on her English paper, she was sad.
Her mother turned 80.
He lost track of the food while watching television.
She had tried friendly corrections.
The plane ride was agonizing but exciting!
She decided she would try to make herself vomit.
He found one he liked and then looked it up online.
But she was so clumsy and had two left feet!
She has a big celebration with breakfast and an easter egg hunt.
He had no kitty to play with.
He had forgotten he had signed up for their rewards program.
Along the way, a deer ran out in front of her car.
She was really broke.
It was black and soft.
Everyone knew she was sad.
I went to the doctor to see if something was wrong.
I looked through and noticed those files are old.
She made it using her tried and true family recipe.
This meant she would be getting aboard an airplane for the first time.
She was awaiting a manager.
The party was at my house.
Molly took bread from her pocket and wanted to feed the ducks.
She would always bring my favorite kind of pastry.
The tree had grown tall and stretched over his house.
While he was there, a storm came and there was a lot of flooding.
He bought a new beagle to train for raccoon hunting.
She was the fastest runner in the whole class but that didn't matter.
One day they filled a thirty gallon Rubbermaid trash can with water.
She wanted to get clean for her kids.
Then, he came home saying he was going to play a solo.
She went to the animal shelter to look around.
He had to clean his suit before the interview.
It was really neat looking for a day.
He produced a music magazine and also modeled in it.
She hadn't realized it, but she dropped her purse in the collision.
He peered inside a neighbor's house.
He was multi-tasking while driving.
Sara could not wait for spring to come.
The sooner that was put away the sooner he could go home.
They had big bushes in front of them.
Sammy lives in an apartment with his two owners.
She bought a book on yoga.
Alex felt weak and couldn't walk.
One mom wanted to work out at the gym.
On his first day, all of his new coworkers make fun of his sneakers.
She wasn't sure how long it would take but figured it would be short.
They decided to see her live in concert.
He decided to get help.
It was on a channel that he didn't get.
He struck his neighbor's dog.
She was great at doing it, and enjoyed it so much.
He gave his beard a light trim and tried a few Santa laughs.
She went to a garage sale and saw a very unique and old wine bottle.
Since Henry was a little kid, Jeff wasn't concerned at all.
She had to take the bus because her car is broken.
His friends wanted to spray paint a building so Jerome went with them.
Suddenly, there was no more work.
The job was very rewarding at times.
His birthday was coming up and she wanted to surprise him.
She started to get ready early in the day.
She wanted to buy him one for Christmas but she had no money!
He trained hard and worked all summer.
When he got home he put them on to break them in.
She didn't know anyone, until a boy invited her to a frat party.
She was nearing the end of her lessons.
But no one was calling her back.
I put a blanket over myself.
She noticed a lot of purchases for a mysterious store called XXX.
She was amazed at it since she needed a toaster.
Tim said he would never forgive bill.
The ball he kicked flew into the neighbor's yard.
He had gone all his life without knowing how.
She visited a local winery to go on a wine tasting.
I was staring at the ground when I felt something hit my face.
I woke up because it seemed too light outside.
He decided it would be a good idea to get tickets to a hockey game.
They hired a new babysitter for their children.
All of his friends warn him that soda will damage his teeth.
I sat and waited to be called back, scared of what would happen.
I had to scurry around the house.
She holds unpopular beliefs and makes donations to fund them.
Janice decided to go see it.
She found a stained spot on her carpet.
His grandma had to sign him up for school at that age.
He found some old cough medicine in his cabinet.
She passed by a strip mall with a few restaurants.
That morning his mother gave him a bad haircut.
He decided to make music!
As a treat, our coach gave us some Popsicles.
They decided to go overseas.
They had no title yet.
She arrived at a local cafe and sat down to rest.
His parents were very excited to take him to school.
Once the spaghetti is cooked he begins to drain the boiling water.
But one day he decided to play video games instead of do his reading.
Each dog was very well behaved and none of them were pulling.
When Nell had to write in school, she wrote her mom's bedtime story.
Flames and smoke were filling my house so I quickly called for help.
She went to the local Target to purchase new gloves.
They roasted hot dogs and were having a great time.
So, he decided to call his grandparents.
The idea that she was such a small speck in a huge world amazed her.
She was so excited seeing all of the animals.
He couldn't sleep without it.
His name is Brownie.
His wife loved his cooking.
And her friend, Tom, decided to try it too.
He was always too short to play basketball too.
One night they opened a bottle of sparkling apple cider.
She went on the website of her favorite restaurant.
She figured it would be the easiest thing to cook.
During the day, no one even wished her a happy birthday.
He had no friends, so he decided to make his own.
She had spent a long time doing her eyeliner.
He browsed craigslist for hours everyday.
The principal gave him a note for his parents.
She was from the states and traveling in Germany.
We had young children.
He toured the old historical structures.
He kicked over a bottle of water.
He knocked over a china teapot.
She wanted to find an exciting job.
I studied hard in school.
She went to her favorite fast food joint all the time.
He loved dachshunds and badly wanted one - VERY badly!
She struggled to breathe in the cold air.
We got ready for a very big show.
One day, he decided to code a game to test his skills.
Sarah put on his leash and they headed outside.
They would relax by watching youtube videos together.
It was supposed to start at 5 o'clock.
I decided to go to Mexico City.
Once I walked down the street I was there.
He poured out all his cereal.
She went to the theater the night it opened.
He got to the airport early to get through customs.
They grossed him out.
The payments on the yacht ate deeply into his winnings.
It was 5 o'clock and the doors were locked.
My friends and family thought I was crazy!
After spending two semesters abroad, she came back home.
The weather forecaster said storms would be developing that day.
The director could not decide between them so he offered a solution.
They were a little hard to skate in, but they looked good.
Now at twenty seven he just sits in an office cubicle all day.
He went around with scissors and cut every wire.
My friend came over and patted me on the back.
He decided to do his girlfriend's as well.
He felt like he needed a break.
We lived near a pond.
In doing so he found signs for another garage sale the same day.
I had to give out my name, address, and phone number.
Nothing was going right, so she went on break to eat.
Most think that the reason is because rob stole his girlfriend Shelly.
I took my son to a restaurant with a children's menu.
We decided to go to lunch.
Henry challenged Jeff to a throwing contest.
One evening, last August, a bat flew into the house.
Now it was coming back up.
He had a great time until it flew too high and got stuck in a branch.
She went outside in the snow.
When I was around her, she acted strange.
He made an appointment with the tailor for a fitting.
He decided to take vitamins and eat healthy.
They arrived at the park at 10am.
She got up and began to dance and sway.
They thought they'd travel the American Southwest.
He went out on the lake in his boat.
He studies hard because he wants to win.
She wanted a tiny compact car.
One day, he told me he wanted me to meet his mother.
He had no other symptoms apart from the sniffles.
He had a garden with many different kinds of vegetables.
With red on her belly and back.
Today, my boyfriend went to the store.
He accidentally dropped one and it broke.
Since it had been lit for hours, the sides were very soft.
One day school was canceled because of snow.
Eventually, he started to throw bigger rocks.
He wanted to prank her when she was asleep.
There are a few people at Chris's job who are hearing impaired.
She decided she needed a haircut.
She brought it to the store and looked for the right size.
He didn't make the freshman team.
He noticed he forgot to do his laundry last night.
Becky decided to try out for her school's football team.
Tom's friend told them they were housebroken.
He pushed it off his desk and into the trash bin.
We boarded up the windows and closed the doors.
he could not see so he used his compass to find his way.
He was very impressed by the people riding unicycles.
We hid a very special egg with a prize inside.
He hated how they almost bit him.
She was exclusively breastfeeding her baby.
She had always wanted to learn to make books.
She is subscribed to many channels.
He went to the kitchen to investigate.
However, Jordan was very smart and did well in school.
On the path, she saw a rattlesnake.
The pizza arrived nearly an hour late.
Her friends showered her with cute clothes for the baby.
He saw a masked man come in and brandish a gun.
She made up a list of what she wanted to buy before she left.
She is trying to find a job.
I noticed a dress that I loved.
Her friend had one and she liked the idea.
She worked full time at the home, but still managed do well in school.
She went to see a specialist for help.
She was carrying her laptop and a glass of water.
They squeezed in where the hot water pipes fed the baseboards.
She had no idea how to swim.
She had several antibiotics that she needed to take.
He has been looking online for weeks.
He has been going golfing with his friends and comes home drunk.
So she went to an electronics store.
She would jump everywhere she went.
It snowed heavily there over the weekend.
On an ordinary day a wealthy man from nearby came.
When the girl he wanted to meet stood him up that changed.
There was no one around that he could ask.
His roommate was very frustrated with all of the rocks in the house.
Graham ran into a friend with a dog there.
Her friend, Carol, invited Cindy to a house warming party.
One day, I saw a big tree.
He has given up on dating after many Years alone.
She would always order the same flavor.
The truthful answer he told them, was that he didn't know.
I was performing my daily patrol.
First he taught Fox how to set the trap.
One day Olga's pet bird died and she was very sad.
She is meeting up with the labels boss.
He often did this without checking the safety of the website.
The loser would have to wear a dress to school the next day.
She liked to write so she tried freelancing online.
He climbed the branches like a monkey.
She was so excited she peed her pants!
He submitted the film to a film festival.
He gathered all of his documents and began to fill out the return.
I was excited to go, I had never been before.
Tim decided to drink to loosen up more.
She immediately agreed to go out with him.
Sunday morning, they both woke up early.
When a friend got married, Jenny wrapped the set as her gift.
He joined his local gym and lifted heavy.
I had a flight for six in the morning but it left ten hours later.
He watched cooking shows and practiced recipes.
She decided she should take her lunch to save time during the day.
She checked the soil and it was rich enough.
Lola told her relatives that she would go to the beach.
He loved to study the stars.
And she was eager to drink alcohol for the first time.
He had taken a pencil from Gina and would not give it back.
She took a class at her local community college.
Many times Allison would leave the snack trash on the floor.
His favorite cat to play with was named Bonkers.
When it was finally time, she went to grab her lunch.
Worried about him, we took him to the vet's office.
One day, he was holding the hamster in his hand.
When he arrived, the clerk informed him they were out of vodka.
He laughed back at us, standing on the shoreline.
Bill asked him to fix the screen.
He sat down while he watched the dog play in the yard.
Allison went to school and was excited to go home.
Jim expected Bob to bring water bottles.
One day Carlos and his friend Dan go to a dance club.
He went home and pulled out all of the ingredients.
The waves was carrying my float across the river.
Pete always came close to accidents, but never really got hurt.
She checked her cupboards, but she had none.
He took her somewhere public to avoid a scene.
He saw a lot of attractive girls.
She went to the doctor and he removed a part of the spot.
She decided to do it herself.
One day he saw a customer stealing a sweater.
She called her friends, but they were all busy.
He suffered in silence throughout their public education careers.
One night he heard about a huge wildfire nearby.
She decided to make a scary movie.
I decided to take my nephews.
She asked her daughter to buy her a magnifying glass.
Problem was there were so few available on the market.
She participated in many dance competitions.
Since it was so far, he had to move out of his parents house.
They made small papers and put the answers on them.
The package arrived one day.
He decided to go to the candy store.
She loved playing barbies better than anything else.
So he prepared lots of food for himself.
Her friend Margaret thinks this is silly.
It said it was from an old friend.
Jill found this out the hard way, when she discovered hers had died.
I swallowed it.
As a child Lee despised being a twin.
It was playful and nice.
He saw tadpoles swimming in the boat.
His friend recommends he try brewing beer.
At first he is annoyed that they chirp so nearby his home.
Her dog's nose had made quite a mess of the glass.
He spotted a massage parlor which had recently opened.
Lucy was telling him how scared she was being lost.
He sat down on a bench and started playing poker with some friends.
He was two frames in and had rolled two strikes.
He moved his hand for a pawn but took it back.
She never had them done before.
He decided to read about how he could fix it.
She got frustrated and decided to take a break.
He was miserable and bored.
She tried different lotions but none worked right.
She could barely see her own floor under all the junk she kept around.
She works hard and becomes a great player.
Between the 4 of us none of us had any real experience felling a tree.
His date ordered some tea.
Just today she had to wade through waters to get back home.
The big yellow truck pulled into the driveway.
He brought it to an auto shop to take the roof off.
He was on the Camino de Compostela.
He stopped at the gas station.
Why shouldn't he be allowed to play video games for 10 hours straight?
The mom asked Jamie to help buy an Easter gift for her daughter.
She decided to quit her job.
The band was sounding awful because of it.
His mom told him to find something constructive to do.
While in Iceland, they rented a small two-door car.
It needed some work.
All he left me was a box containing his Bible.
He encountered several traffic on the highway.
She asked her friends to help her practice.
The goldfish in the aquarium looked bored.
But not a certain kind.
His editor called and asked how things were going.
One day he found a huge frog in the woods near his home.
She picked them up everywhere she went.
The turtle did not have a name.
They thought that they could conquer anything they encountered.
I bought all the yarn and got to work.
She was chosen to play singles.
She asked her husband to take a closer look.
When he turned 12, his parents decided he could have lessons.
She was waiting for friends to show up.
She ordered a small pizza.
Her older sister was supposed to babysit her.
He wants to eat some lunch.
He laid on his couch drinking all Saturday.
He barked all day and night.
He took off his uniform in the locker room.
While listening, many people were distracted by Parth's accent.
She decided to take a class at the community center.
He went to pick up his keys but they weren't on the desk.
He told his parents it was not gambling.
He had received 2 of the same presents!
While in line he ran into his friend, Joe.
She planted it in her yard.
Doug divorced Robin because he loved Tracy.
His dream in life was to become a pilot.
She had been hurt by many relationships and vowed to remain single.
Mark and Ricky didn't listen to his apology though.
She started yelling at him for things that didn't get done.
John felt the huge roller coaster stop abruptly.
One day he moved back to his home country.
The girls set up a small stand in the backyard for customers.
His family took him to a sports bar.
But when a superstar offered to buy her a drink, she accepted.
The sandwich tasted terrible.
I met all sorts of people in different walks of life.
He beat Tom he could run faster than him.
He decided he was going to sleep in.
His mother gave him a lollipop every afternoon.
My friend referred me to a company who would do it.
The loser would have to shave.
She looked all over for it.
Tom was looking forward to the new experience.
There didn't seem to be anything she could do to help it.
The dish was my favorite.
She decided she would try online dating.
An anomaly was discovered, and it turned out to be cancer.
I had a huge crush on this girl.
He was incredibly bored.
So she went out to a party.
Amy filled Kim in about the volleyball game.
She opened the pack and dumped them on the table.
He was working with a new partner.
She wanted to start small.
I went to a number of dealers looking for one.
Jim forgot to put on his glasses so he couldn't see well.
The chair broke and she fell on her tail bone.
He put on his coat and scarf.
Sandy put a lot of work into making the kite.
She gave Megan some money and told her to buy some new ones.
One day we were drawing a picture of Santa Claus.
His mom went to put it together.
His son hated doing the dishes.
Things were picking up and getting very busy.
She was going to stop to put gas but there was a long line.
I drove to the gas station.
He filed for a ninety-day visa.
She decided to petition for a change.
Suddenly the streets were inundated with cats, many were feral.
We talked for nearly a year before we decided to meet.
She was always afraid of drowning.
She wanted to get rid of them but never had the time.
His sister, Anne, had broken his old wagon.
Nancy forgot to wear her gym short, so she tried to hide.
She was holding her toddler's hand.
She placed it in the oven.
The caller explained that they were confirming her mom's appointment.
We drive up north into the mountains.
The catch was they needed to take care of the dogs.
She needed that perfect dress.
He was sitting in the woods when a mountain lion came up to him.
The windows were broken and mice moved in.
I have been doing it for Years and it helps me get through the day.
Rick loved the rooster like a pet.
To get back at him for a joke, she signed them up for pottery courses.
It was the week to learn football.
Dave plays the flute for the band.
She pulled over quickly.
His pants were noticeably lower than they should be.
She liked white chocolate only.
His friends and family told him never to text and walk.
He heard some kids at school bragging about their dads' salaries.
He wanted to win badly.
The candy store was brand new.
He loved to dance all day long.
Everyone, including myself, took out snacks.
He saw the water start to boil.
He poured the batter into the cups.
She decided to plant an orchard.
Westin wanted to build a log cabin.
Her aunt told her she would bring some from the store for her.
But after years of suffering, she gave in.
She stuck the bottle of oil in the cabinet.
When she was 17 they made a movie.
Her parents bought flowered leis and inflatable palm trees.
On his way home one night from work he was hit by a drunk driver.
The girls grabbed sticks and started roasting marshmallows.
She grabbed the box of crackers and opened them.
Jim practiced and trained every day to complete his goal.
Another car came and took their spot from the opposite side.
Someone had given all of the kids glow sticks.
While there she wanted to try a famous pizzeria.
But security stopped him.
When she walked into the class she found out something.
He looked down for a moment.
He started a tech company in his garage.
One day her apartment got colder and colder.
I wasn't sure what caused it at first.
She asked her boyfriend to come with her.
He cannot reach his favorite toy.
She ran to the door when her parents came home with the baby.
Suddenly a robber appeared and demanded the phone.
He needed some cash for a down payment.
Her doctors decided that it might be best to have them removed.
I realized I hadn't bought any gifts for people yet.
When he got closer, he placed a cricket into her pants.
She motioned for her friend to join her.
She wanted to learn how to ride it and asked her mom to help.
She went to her local pawn shop to browse the jewelry selection.
She bought the most beautiful dress.
He decided he was going to shave his bushy beard.
I was embarrassed because I'm a man.
During that year she was held face down in the snow by a boy bully.
Their snores could be heard throughout the house.
He had trained and now felt that he was ready to battle.
Jess was a crazy girl.
He found one that he really liked.
They sounded like tiny claws scratching the walls.
He recorded an album with his cousin in Oakland.
Cora thought cleaning was boring.
He dedicates a lot of time to his hobby.
She registered for a Spanish class online.
She mostly played on her iPad whenever her parents let her.
So they buy a shipping container.
First, Beth practiced at home a lot.
She was in the psych ward of a hospital for two weeks.
The weather was terrible with spot thunderstorms.
I was following my plan perfectly.
She'd never seen one quite like this, though.
She was happy to have gotten one.
Sal hadn't eaten any other food for Years.
A woman nearby posed next to him for a selfie.
He made some chili with lots of red pepper to share with his friends.
Suddenly, the lamp light went out.
She was concerned he would be upset it took so long.
He took me out on a date.
She decided to begin writing a travel blog.
The computers turned on all around him confuse his senses.
My car started to sputter.
They threw a picnic in her honor, and everyone came.
But getting ready to go out one night, she saw a problem.
A new show based on her favorite book series had been announced.
He decided to grow it out over the summer.
Everyday Sara picked on Amy.
He saved up his money and booked his trip.
She trembled at his touch.
When he outgrew his teenage angst, he went into physics.
Kristin spends hours making a homemade lasagna.
The mother of the groom, Annie, also bought a yellow dress.
For the first part of the hike, she trekked deep into a canyon.
Wayne rushed to get ready for class.
She named it Buttons because it had gray spots on it's chest.
Kelly hopes to find a job and meet a wonderful man.
He began the speech with a story that turned out to be a joke.
The township sent a snowplow, which plowed her mailbox over.
He was visiting his doctor often.
He then realized he had no other ingredients.
She was sure no one saw so she wouldn't be blamed for it.
One day Bella called Ken and said she was pregnant.
She asked her brother if he can help her out.
He said it had been really hard to wake me up.
She was tired and very hungry.
She rushed her mom off the phone.
She fumbled in her purse for her keys.
He started to train everyday.
He thought he was going to get away with it.
They post them on the company's website.
He knew all kinds of equations just in his head.
He notices that he doesn't have a hammer at home.
The friend challenged Chance to a fistfight.
He was trying to carry it to his car.
My plan was to set it off in math class.
She played the lead actress.
And he noticed that there was a sale.
We went to a crowded bar and danced for hours.
The music had lots of curse words.
They liked it so much that they started looking for jobs there.
She called an exterminator who came out to her house.
She left after reminding me that my doctor is coming.
Jason went online and read cell phone reviews.
My brother told me to get a cream and sugar.
His hands were so calloused from hanging on them for so long.
Early in the morning on Saturday, the Smiths drove to the farm.
She told her mom .
They had been dating for several years.
He sensed the coming of prey long before he saw it.
The principal took out a crude drawing labeled with a teacher's name.
Bob awoke and ran down to see who it was.
She was too short to ride the Ferris Wheel.
So he was nervous inside his friend Jill's house.
One day, we got into a huge fight.
During band practice he and his band mates drink beer.
But the dough she made fell flat, and her sauce was watery.
He would always push people around.
Instead of another job, Ed began to be a professional gambler.
But he hadn't been able to find a date.
Every day he would play with Ed, his best friend.
During a run down a mountain, he hit some rough snow and tumbled.
He noticed most people danced much better than him.
She saved up her money for a big trip to the city zoo.
He was impressed by the players' technique and power.
He did not often make much money.
He asked all his friends to suggest names for the store.
I really loved Boy and played with him often.
I had a large Birthday card to try to get autographs.
One day, Rob's brother announced he was getting a raise.
She payed a lot of money for it.
After submitting many applications, he did not get called back.
He decided to plant a tree.
She worried about what she'd put on her college applications.
A stray dog walked up to him.
He waited until he got home to put them on.
She waited and waited, wondering where he was.
He saw one veteran sitting by himself in the corner.
My father gave him shelter and food.
She was active on social media and her friends told her she was funny.
Sitting next to me was a mysterious man in a Hawaiian shirt.
No matter what, Tom wanted to drive an ice cream truck.
None were very good.
There was a puddle near by.
She saw a notice that a modeling agent was coming to town.
One day it was snowing so Linda decided to leave the house.
He tried to make extra money on Mturk but it was difficult.
Alas, the pork did not agree with his stomach.
We dried them out and dipped them into melted chocolate.
They met some locals playing a strange sport with a ball.
She was shy and almost refused, but Brad was cute, so she said yes.
His sister recommends he try babysitting.
Our family and friends met us there.
But his girlfriend Jenny was still a student.
He thought that bee stings were no big deal.
He called sick into work.
She was visiting colleges with her parents.
And he didn't bother to put his plate away after he finished.
She lost her favorite necklace.
The girls tasted lemon tea and ate tiny desserts that were delicious.
She did not like that the brick wall of the house was still visible.
The teacher announced that there would be a pop quiz.
Joy got a bucket of soapy water and set to work.
Some people were worried about their privacy.
His friend was sad to find his watch was stolen.
He always did well on his employee evaluations.
He was excited to go on his first rafting trip.
She ordered a triple scoop of chocolate ice cream.
She complained she was sick of being ashamed.
After a few years, Thomas started to get sick.
She was driving through California.
After their ceremony, they boarded a plane for the Maldives.
A new app was coming in the next few moments and she wanted it.
Upon inspection, she noticed the pharmacist gave her the wrong pills.
She learns of a local group that plants trees on weekends.
Suddenly, she began to feel sick.
Her friends all loved the watch.
One time she sent her flower bulbs to grow indoors.
They stopped at the grand canyon to view the scenery.
The rivers rose up and began to flood the town.
On Christmas morning there was only one box left to open.
She set them up in the pan to cook.
The babysitter was downstairs.
He saved up a long time for it.
Her new boyfriend loved watching and playing sports.
A boy came up and started violently stomping on it.
He caught his catch and brought it home to cook.
He thinks every dog will bite him.
I had a big party and invited all of my friends.
He stood on the road and held a pizza box over his head.
She went to a dealership and looked around.
She told all her friends to come join her.
The teller said that wasn't how banks worked.
He was carrying a gun and shot it off to scare the bear.
I seized the opportunity to do this while living in Dallas, TX.
Bill wanted to learn more about this.
He arranged for a tow truck to tow the car to Charles' mechanic.
So she took a karate class.
He was fixing his hair and reached for his hair gel.
At night, her father had lit a roaring campfire.
She looked everywhere but couldn't find a single crumb.
For Years she has felt like he does not listen to her when she speaks.
Jerry was feeling very tired that day during work.
Mike was dreading the hike beforehand.
The expert witness was expensive.
Andrea was attempting to pass a note to Kylie.
One day, while playing a game, bill got himself lost.
One day he tried to beat his personal best.
All of the 11th grade students came into the gymnasium.
He lay on the back lawn and settled comfortably.
They wondered if she got outside when the door was open.
He decided to lose some weight.
He had all the characteristics.
He was late that day.
One day, she got the opportunity to play in front of her entire class.
He has always been paralyzed from the waist down.
They went to the doctor and found out they are having twins!
His mother told him it was too much responsibility.
She never got to sing despite practicing.
She set up a mini course in her backyard to practice.
We flew over and stayed in San Antonio.
I partnered with an Indian reservation.
He was pulled over and ticketed for speeding.
He wanted to spend some time with his son before he died.
He hated baseball but his parents made him play.
Since I couldn't spend time with my dad I played with the lizard.
She seen something crawling.
Suddenly his hand slipped, and he fell.
Every year we head to the Christmas tree lot to pick out a tree.
I had just retired on disability.
They both got along just fine with each other which was weird.
Sam asked his mother why Mrs June was so mean.
He even wrote to Santa Claus asking for a horse ride for Christmas!
we all have fallen for a crazy girl at least once.
He thought they were dogs with no hair.
She hoped her parents did not know.
One day his friend gave him tuna fish.
Each day the warden told her that she'd be freed soon.
She didn't like the juice and cookies they tried to give her.
Courtney, her friend, got a new pink coat.
His mother who normally made breakfast was out of town.
He refused to use fur.
She found one she really liked with black and gray spots.
I used to have small and large balls.
She invited her friends to go with her.
He noticed his gas mileage was really low.
She enjoyed seeing him in class everyday.
He said a prayer and climbed up the side of the church.
She lost her credit union card and had to go in person to get another.
He loaded the task page, and was greeted by a CAPTCHA.
They had just set up camp for the night.
One of the artists came in and explained his work.
But he did not feel like studying.
When her husband retired, they were able to go to every game.
My daughter Theresa, wanted a Mardi Gras theme.
They were friends with an old man named Ben.
It was slick and icy in mid-December.
She figured her 30 minute break was long enough to go.
He was intent on getting an iphone but it was too expensive.
She decided to get there earlier this time.
He could not do it.
One night, I woke up and went to the bathroom.
She calls her husband to let him know that the baby is coming.
I went to the venue and bought a ticket.
Angrily, he called his friends and cancelled plans to see a movie.
So he went to the mall.
She first washed it.
His train arrived in Syria.
Tracy slept with Mr Washington.
The only thing he needed to finish it was an engine.
He had no more room when he was finished.
After he recovered he decided to take better care of his health.
He saw dozens of stands selling fresh fruit and vegetables.
At one point he went to the bathroom.
The sun beating down caused him to slumber.
They had no idea what was happening, I did it was a surprise.
I tried to find her for days.
He called me stupid and some rather profane names.
They had a new Hot Wheels track set.
I crept downstairs with a baseball bat and flashlight.
However, his neighbors were being very noisy.
He saw a duck swim nearby.
They were drinking mimosas.
I went up to his apartment as he lunched.
He decided to eat it at his desk.
But she dropped her phone in the toilet.
He hated the dust he would find everywhere.
She enjoyed her favorite meal of a burrito bowl.
While watching the movie, my girlfriend felt something on her neck.
The cat was brown with white spots.
She ended up falling on the deep end.
She did not have the money to buy the skirt she wanted.
Mary did not want to buy another expensive game.
I often find stamps are not cancelled.
She made an appointment with Ashley who cuts her hair.
He finally got a job interview lined up.
Lindsey wanted to attend this year but needed a dress.
She had hundreds of plants.
She was excited.
She wanted to take care of them.
She ran to get her flight.
The cashier asked him what kind he would like.
Dina's mom went to pay for a $5 jug of milk but had no cash.
Don arrived as Santa was being mugged for the third time.
A man answered his knock.
I was just sitting there and waiting forever.
His kids came running outside and immediately jumped into the pile.
She felt extremely warm and took her temperature.
I really needed a new one.
I was almost done when I got a paper cut.
He could read people's lips.
Charles is very tired of his work week, and would like to relax.
Negra went to try to wake up the old man in the house.
She was nervous about getting lost.
He especially liked playing in the snow.
But it spilled all over his shirt.
Because of all its open water, the Lake causes strange weather.
The ice cream shop was out of strawberry ice cream.
He decided to burn a CD to listen to for the trip.
He picked up his toys and clothes and organized all these things.
She couldn't wait to meet him.
He called his friends, but they were all busy.
They wanted to see the annual christmas parade.
We were waiting on Nancy to appear.
He wanted a way to record his music.
He told his father and his father was upset.
Terri's husband did not like cats.
Then her mom suggested that Cassie's bra might be the wrong size.
She was approached by a company who wanted to make a movie of them.
He was able to improve his average score from 110 to 230.
One day he decided he wouldn't take it any more and he ran away.
But the window didn't have a screen.
When she was twenty-five she bought herself a ticket.
She vowed to do better, so she began studying harder.
They had been promised a tractor ride while they were there.
The fort was over four feet tall.
The family decided Epcot would be the best choice.
No one had lived there for months.
My grandpa showed me how to get it to fly.
But Sarah didn't know how to use chopsticks.
So he loaded his house with various supplies.
He updated his resume and uploaded it to several job sites.
When she was on the massage table, she got hot rocks.
She set off to the grocery to buy a birthday cake.
Suddenly, the canopy burst open and five dogs jumped out.
She had just moved to a new town and didn't know anyone.
She had to call an exterminator.
Even if we bribed him, he refused to tell us what it actually was.
The next morning she's still not home so he calls the police.
She spent a long time trying to find the perfect pumpkin.
He challenged his friends to one on one games often.
But no matter how many times he released commands, it didn't work.
She noticed some footprints in her yard.
He would hike in any weather condition.
She has missed payments for the last two months.
He hired a former NBA player to teach him.
I decided to clean it and put on gloves.
The shoppers are there on Black Friday.
During a flight he broke course and followed it.
He got a bad stomachache.
She was digging below the seats when she spotted something.
They ordered nearly everything off the menu.
She had never had a pet before.
He recruited his friends and they spent two weeks on a massive setup.
He deserved something special for being very good in school.
I realized this when I got home.
She invited all his friends over.
He said he would move out in 2 months.
They charged her over $5,000 to rebuild her engine.
He brought the dog home and fed it.
He found them in a glade where they were cutting down a tree.
He decided to go the cinema.
She tried to quit on her own, but failed.
He trembled in the bathroom stall as they searched for him.
But Today decided to use it when Neil was outside.
Today there is going to be a huge rush.
Every time a new one came out he was the first in line.
It was snowing and very cold.
Fluffy always looked forward to playing with the Roomba.
He was scared and did not want to take Xrays of his teeth.
The waiter brought his check at the end of the meal.
She's about twice as big as I remember.
They were very close and spent time often.
But Bill earned a trip to the prize box first.
He noticed his classmates were better dressed than himself.
We took a long nature hike into the woods.
He then saw a kid by himself.
She had a great time sightseeing.
He asked if he could be on TV and do whatever for 10 minutes.
He told the store clerk that he wanted a black coat with fur trim.
She spent five years in an overcrowded orphanage.
He had to go through a mountain pass.
She smokes inside her apartment.
She tried to cut down on her eating, but didn't have much success.
He had spent months planning for this big day.
Charles said no because he was forty Year's old.
He noticed a couple fighting outside of their apartment.
The older kids were watching and taking care of the younger ones.
Richard noticed that he was losing weight and feeling more energized.
Suddenly, a kid came up and started talking crap to him.
He set off wobbly on two wheels.
He gathered his friends to help clean up the ocean.
She had a tough week at work, and Gnocchi is her favorite meal.
The blocks had to be arranged very specifically in a bag.
He only had a limited amount of miles.
She was ready to teach her students percentages.
Her stomach started to hurt.
Kelly was quite nervous.
They dressed in their uniforms.
He's slow, and the other kids don't pick him for their teams.
She gave each of the children $20 to get something for mom, and dad.
He invited me to visit him last year.
But it was time for him to go.
His partner Larry told him he should, but Derrick was worried.
She thought about going to a pet store.
No one had even heard from him.
Her mom was at the hospital.
Birds flew above her head.
We came across a lake and eventually more bushes.
When she walked through the park, she was greeted by a puppy.
I decided to use the slot machine for the first time.
Her crush invited her to go this friday.
In the morning, he was tired and hungover.
Everyone in the store gave him a funny look.
I was shy and afraid of people.
He felt like that was the best fruit on the tree.
It was the first day and she was pumped.
He lived as a hermit in a mountain in Tibet.
She finally heard the sound to indicate it was full.
I received a phone call from my doctor.
One day, he drew faces on each of his fingers.
Dora dream was to move out of the neighborhood.
He had invited his grandparents to come see him.
The needle on the air pump broke while inflating.
As he stripped to shower, he saw something strange.
He went to the top of his house and proclaimed everything his.
His lighter wouldn't work.
She decides to see what she has in the cupboard.
A bee had fallen out of the air and was stumbling on the pavement.
Mark thought the guy was stuck-up.
Her family told her it was very annoying.
Every Friday after work, the pair went to the local bar for a drink.
She thought her family would enjoy it.
Dean loved to game on the newest consoles.
She recently decided to take horseback riding lessons.
He dismissed us an hour early since he had to fill out paperwork.
But Cindy chose the same topic too.
She read the gift tag.
He meticulously pre-folded the paper to prepare it for more folds.
He worked all day, and was almost done.
He enjoyed choosing fish to fill the new tank.
Benji raced towards it, shovel in hand.
But then he meets his neighbor named Pat.
As she stood at his bedside she remembered every moment.
Up until recently I thought she was a ghost.
His coffee maker was making some weird noises.
Jerry and Kane was able to lift their weights for several minutes.
She decided to visit the dentist.
Grandma told everyone to smile.
I am excited to watch the horses run.
I tried to finish my assignments on the ride to Chicago.
He was super excited to start using it.
They decide to have one more baby, hoping for a son.
He'd read they were Sanskrit symbols for good luck.
He had bought a lot of things for himself over the year.
She told him that he's not able to watch television for a month.
He had nicked his face while shaving.
The only thing he had of value was a private jet.
Lucy filled her bowl with the ice cream.
I managed to make it through the front door as soon as the bell rung.
He didn't have time to deal with going to a computer doctor.
Toms birthday was coming up and he was excited.
She realized her mom would find it when putting away groceries.
He decided to do volunteer work.
The first round began when the ball was passed to my team.
One day a fancy businesswoman walked into her store.
Cezar was the best dog in the community.
She wanted to show it off at her boyfriend's party.
Gina and her family walked over to check it out.
When I went to Arizona, I saw my chance to try it.
He thought it could be funny to play it backwards.
He heard a phone ring and quickly answered it.
However, she was determined to cook her boyfriend dinner.
A veteran of school plays, Sarah was confident she'd get the part.
She headed over to the rink and started skating.
That night, they were up late in their tent.
They rented a boat.
He knew he had to find something else quickly.
She saved up all summer to buy one.
He was having cereal and orange juice.
Delighted, he rolled and laughed.
Her friends were already at their desks.
He decided he wanted a dog of his own.
She broke her leg and needed help.
As the door shut, she realized her keyring was on the table.
She moved to New York to become famous.
When it goes missing she thinks that the maid stole it.
She bought flowers with her favorite color purple in them.
Jason decided to get new slippers.
She took some Tylenol.
He decided to live underground.
Her mother said that she would help her learn.
She soon got surgery to remove the tumor.
When the rebels began to take over, her family fled to Turkey.
His friend suggested martial arts classes.
He began studying the exact body movements of professional players.
It would be a perfect gift for her mother.
He came up with a plan to rob a bank.
He saw an ice cream vendor and he licked his lips.
They were confused but continued to play.
He noticed that his friend Jim was really popular with the girls.
I really wanted to go but live out of town.
He woke up to two feet of snow!
It had over a hundred dollars in it.
He went to walmart and picked out a rolling stone shirt.
The whole family climbed in the car to drive to the tree lot.
Amy liked being able to choose her own lunch.
They drove past an empty deserted church on a corner.
She was stuck in the mall with her friends.
One day a woman came in and said that her computer wouldn't turn on.
But, I was scared of airplanes.
She paid stuff late.
When he got to the box office, they were sold out.
But one day that weakness costed him money.
He asked his mother to take him to the store to get Ed a gift.
His wife and son set the table and pulled out the condiments.
They were shopping at the fancy grocery store her grandma liked.
Martha was cooking turkey for her family.
She told him yes that she would love to go with him.
Because she lived in US, they were hard to acquire.
Kay was ready to start driving and felt prepared for the test.
He cleared their driveway whenever the snow was a problem.
Buddy got really sick one night after eating food from the trashcan.
Her friends and family told her that she should snap out of it.
He went in to buy a few candy bars.
He wanted to grind the biggest rail there.
Bill loved horology and was quite impressed with this men's timepiece.
She tried to find an owner with no luck.
Knowing her husband wouldn't do it willingly, she devised a plan.
He bought green dye to put in his water so he could drink green water.
He saw that it had red stains on it.
My parents warned me to not bench weights without a spotter.
He saw a great looking wave and swam over to surf it.
As long as the dog didn't shake water on him, this would be cute.
She wasn't allowed on the rings with the boys.
Now he had a job, a house, and a daughter who was 5 years old.
I decided to change my clothes.
He decided to dye his hair blonde.
He stopped at a cheap motel to stay in while he house haunted.
She actually found it to be quite fun.
He started saving extra money here and there.
She had never made it before.
He found a log that was dry and big enough.
The warden stopped her.
The front window was smashed in, and a baseball lay on the carpet.
He wants a pair of work boots so bad.
The teacher was giving a lecture.
He tried to run to the post.
Alex pretends to be a feminist to get her to go out with him.
He worked tirelessly building his model rocket in the garage.
She kept crying non stop.
He wrote the due date in his planner.
They packed a big lunch to take with them.
He took pictures and tweeted its location.
However, he notices that his neighbors are looking into his windows.
Jason had brought a brownie cake that his mother made.
The other students and faculty were somewhat slow.
She told her boss she wanted to take her vacation in July.
She knew it was a fear she'd need to overcome to be successful.
Joe was not satisfied with how much sand he knocked off by shaking.
After several weeks, he decided to swear the same sweater a few times.
He was never the best player.
He visited his Grandfather and was surprised by these light up bugs.
We got a new bubble kit, with oddly shaped wands.
I asked my friend for a recommendation.
After starting the car, I drive to my doctor's office across town.
She buys her a bouquet of flowers and a card from the store.
He threw it over a study branch and tied a knot.
She really had to pee!
I needed to hurry and get ready.
She needed to learn for her job.
When Becky was done she saw what she got.
She quickly got hired for another.
She sold some of the clutter in her house for a little money.
He did not have enough money.
She was excited for the first game next week.
He rose up early one morning and started accepting every hit.
Kelly thankfully had a snow day.
She settled down with her pen to proofread it.
Sarah was afraid to tell her family she was gay.
She has been working double shifts for two weeks.
She tried to make blue frosting but it came out a weird green color.
Basil turned the television to the weather channel.
So he was really hoping it would be a white Christmas.
His dream was to go to Japan.
They put up their tent shelter because the sun was hot.
He looked everywhere for it.
The turkey was ready and the other food on the table.
He decides to see what is on television.
He was able to get a scholarship to college because of his skills.
She saw a lot of her old friends and classmates.
She was always out running.
He trained and exercised daily.
The girl who delivered the pizza to my door was absolutely beautiful.
The kids avoid it because there are too many webs.
The temperature was very low.
At school she asked her friends if they had seen it.
She had traced her lineage back many centuries.
We left the neighborhood and pulled onto the highway.
On his walk, he realizes that he doesn't have much food at home.
You could smell the fresh baked cookies throughout the house.
He would visit his father at the hospital every day.
She is on medication for depression.
She couldn't find anything she wanted to watch.
They had a stand set up outside to sell it.
She visits library every week.
But excitement turns to concern when she arrives.
My friend said I should try a hamburger.
She didn't want to get one at the store.
His wife gave him a list of groceries to purchase.
She asked her mother to read a bedtime story.
Ken put on his boots and drove to a state park.
His friend bobby offered him tickets.
When the weather got cold we noticed our window was leaking.
It had been quite a while since I was last here.
But he was so hungry!
They didn't get a bite for several hours.
No matter how many times Bill talks to him it does no good.
The two friends continues to write for Years.
He thought he looked ugly.
He got a ticket for his girlfriend.
They discovered a nice smelling bush of flowers.
She decided to hide inside of a drawer.
His mom signed him up for lessons.
I decided I felt like pizza, so I got in my car.
Ricky had trouble organizing his time and getting things done.
There was lots of food, especially lots of pie!
They are her last teeth.
No matter what was happening, Connor had a good attitude.
She walked nervously to the center of the wooden studio floor.
I was vomiting all day long.
I did not know that Baltimore had a huge crime problem.
He had 22 dollars and rode his bike to the toy store.
He gets footage of lions, tigers and giraffes in the Sahara.
She was afraid the grade was going to be terrible.
She searched everywhere for a new device.
Then he got distracted by the television.
Her kids were really annoyed by it.
She was lucky to find a turtle on a rock near the lake.
It burned a lot of oil.
She went downstairs and then outside.
Mary was great at the hula hoop, Lisa was not.
When Thalia arrives there, she is excited to see a trampoline.
He ended up falling into the water.
She never talked in class.
She found her seat when she got to the arena.
She no longer shared it with her roommate.
She was trying to find her wallet.
She applied at a bank near her home.
His umbrella was picked up by the wind.
Tom called him.
He joined his tour group in the morning.
She sent her mother a message to tell her that.
I played with it every single day.
I decided to make eggs for breakfast.
He was really into the game and played with passion.
They decided to hold a car wash.
He took it into the shop.
He had checked the refrigerator to find nothing available.
She therefore immediately went over to check it out.
Gina decided to pretend she wasn't upset.
I couldn't find a job for months.
She was nervous about her first day.
The car in front of him slammed on his brakes.
It was the middle of winter.
He went to the store and bought the wood and tools needed.
Six years ago my husband found him in the desert of Arizona.
One day Elizabeth noticed fry in the fish tank.
One of the tires was totally deflated.
She shopped around, but they were all too pricey.
Sam started working and saving up money in a box.
Dave hated dancing.
She decides to clean them in the washing machine.
He thought no one would find out.
He started looking for another Chinese restaurant to take its place.
We tried everything to see what could have happened.
My friend dealt me 16 points across three cards.
Why you ask because Carlos never liked the storms or lightening.
He was nervous about the market turmoil currently.
She was nervous as she got on stage.
It was the first time he had acknowledged her when not in a group.
But he knew he couldn't afford one.
It was against about ten others.
She decided next to convince them to drink wheatgrass.
She was nervous to go to her new school.
She groomed it on a weekly basis.
She needed to save money.
He was also a magician.
He liked to go out on his big boat and watch all of the whales.
She is so happy but nervous at the same time.
She threw all of his belongings onto the front yard.
At his first duty station he met Sarah, she was lovely.
Her mother said she couldn't take her to the theater.
He is extremely nervous.
She opened a package and found a dark brown teddy bear.
I decided to investigate.
Everyone Eddie met, was scared of him.
He had to open up shop at 5 AM.
He wants to build his child a crib.
She really wanted to buy her own video game.
One day, his friend offered him Marijuana.
The mug was very special to Gil and he took good care of it.
She did not like him back though.
Therefore, I could never take him outside on his own.
She feared having to spend Christmas all alone.
At the creek, he began to bark at a figure in the distance.
He already passed 2 people.
My wife had simple tastes then and got a tiny engagement ring.
On the way to the store he is stopped by a cop.
He worked every single day for him and his family.
She often wandered off in her mind.
Her brakes did not seem to slow her down at all.
The next day, his girlfriend broke up with him.
He wore his coat and hat.
The bank was having a company outing at the park.
He asked every girl he could think of but they all said no.
His cat was near by.
He loved to walk in the woods.
It was making my shoulder hurt.
He had to fight he who must not be named.
She didn't tell her folks because she wanted to keep the money.
Sometimes Ray was clumsy and his dad got frustrated.
Bob was selected to play in a very famous game show.
I didn't know what the meeting was about.
Her friends were all going snorkeling on Saturday.
The adrenaline was pumping.
We had a fun day swimming.
Sara opened the front door and let the dog run out.
Spectators were impressed and told him to try more.
She saw a lot of people from high school.
Her husband had been in charge of the house and their kids.
She thought she was ready to get it over with.
It burned to the ground before the firemen could arrive.
She came home with a big basket of apples.
She vowed to make it next year.
The challenge was to eat as many pies as possible in 10 minutes.
They played the band's two new songs.
He was looking for a new companion.
He stood alone gazing out the open window.
he decides to get a soda from the vending machine.
She asked her grandma if she could braid her hair.
She hoped her baby brother wouldn't die from his illness.
Today, I was taken back by how happy he suddenly seemed.
She had an interview.
She drove to the store.
Joe lost his job last month.
I met them at the airport.
She realized she was pregnant and told James and he was so happy.
Her father told her he had a special present for her.
Her mother was afraid since a lot of the drive was on deserted roads.
He recited them in front of his brother.
She had a favorite microphone and wouldn't sing without it.
He quickly realized that he could not plug in his phone charger.
She had nothing to smile about.
Her job was tedious and boring.
Nancy had to make the petals last all the way down the aisle.
He had never seen snow before.
She sewed it up, but the stitches unraveled.
I decided to make oysters.
Her current jeans were falling apart.
His apartment was a mess!
She was happy to have 2 interviews in one week.
It doesn't matter if he loved the idea, he would still say no.
She is the newest one on the team.
He got tackled by his brother really hard.
I spent time sorting the clothes.
Although she is comfortable at home, she goes to the laundromat.
I decided to travel before looking for another job.
He played the slots for a few hours until he hit the jackpot!
But you weren't able to drive over the street at all.
They picked up fireworks from the store.
She sat in her first period and tried to blend in.
Sandy purchased a Valentine's Day card for him.
He was not able to find anything that would work.
Neither of them had vehicles of their own.
To pass the time I read a magazine that he had.
She went outside to take some photos.
We got on our phones and tried to find another place to stay.
We ate smoked sausages, eggs, pancakes, and more items.
His parents made him do the dishes every night.
He was so inspired he decided to go to church.
He really wanted the job so he could save some money.
She placed some dough flour around her brother's hands.
He saw three or four movies a week.
They fill the stores with excitement and fight over sales merchandise.
She fried up eggs and toast.
He used his solitude to write books and read.
In her class she is trusted by all her classmates.
It was winter but lately it had felt like spring.
He was in a house all by himself.
She went to the beauty supply store for bleach.
Since he was visiting Austria, he knew he had to see Vienna.
She decided she would bake fresh banana bread.
He saw many beautiful fish and reefs.
He finished them up and mailed them.
She set out a no-kill trap to capture them overnight.
Her teacher asked her to settle down.
He noticed there wasn't much.
He felt cold.
He saved up money to upgrade its parts so he could race it.
He had changed his eating habits and was way more active.
They didn't know any of the kids on the block.
Amy called inside from the porch to tell her mom they were leaving.
He noticed that he was annoyed with tying his shoes every day.
She always had plenty of stuff to sell but never much traffic.
To do his homework, he always had to go to the library.
He usually drinks energy drinks but wants to stop.
His professor saw what he'd drew in the notebook.
She was waiting for meaning to drop in her lap.
We brought her home the next day.
While he was busy writing, he noticed a roach climb on his paper.
He worked for a restaurant that sold pies and cakes.
But she was so pretty, he feared she would refuse him.
He goes to the store to buy supplies.
She saw a magazine article that said lemon juice removed freckles.
He slowed at the intersection but it was icy.
The coach said I wasn't fast enough.
Pat was fed up with it.
The first night, he started acting very controlling.
The barber never had anyone ask for it so he didn't know what it cost.
He wore them to class.
He checked his phone for a text.
Jason went to the Department of Motor Vehicles to pay registration.
Brooke has already been called out in the top 10.
I got them bright pink.
She worked hard all night trying to finish it.
It slipped out of his hand and landed on my mom's foot.
She was a first time mom and expected to have quite a wait.
Sam feverishly nursed Buttons to health.
They love that she finally has a car now.
He only had one day before the test.
The taste of it made him throw up.
She sat on the swing everyday at the park.
She hated traffic.
Jack investigated the smell.
But her mother kept asking her to do chores.
She wasn't paying much attention to where she was going.
The trip was fun.
She couldn't believe how easy it was.
She wanted to make some hot dogs.
She laid back down in her bed attempting to go back to sleep.
He woke up early.
He saw every dinosaur movie multiple times.
She hadn't seen him since then.
He knew they weren't his.
She couldn't resist eating a bag everyday.
She wondered how the water got to be purple.
They had lunch with a group of local guys.
One day the condo changed property managers.
He hoped it would snow all night so school would be cancelled.
Cora forgot her identification at the hotel.
He thought surely his smart horses could do this, too.
But she had forgotten to buy a pair of shoes!
One night mom decided to try something a little different.
He decides to shampoo his carpet.
She lost control of her car.
He went to many different jewelry stores.
One moment they are playing happily.
He hated this place but had nowhere else to go.
Each player has three minutes.
Upon searching online, he learned that it was very bad for dogs.
She lived in her house for a year before she saw anyone there.
Her mother took her to the hairdresser.
They all went to the mall.
On Friday, I asked her about what we're having for dinner.
He drank three energy drink a day.
A large bee bit her on the face.
He was walking to the store on some icy roads.
He wasn't sure when to call or text her.
He ordered a bunch of drinks for us.
He wore a patch, but underneath he had another surprise.
Dana was required to take a qualifying class on circuits and devices.
He excused himself and answered the phone.
He tried to keep to himself and relax.
The cars in front of him turned left too fast.
I tried to talk to him.
All of a sudden, he felt his car slow down and then stop.
She would bang on everything.
However, nobody came that day.
Unfortunately the American market was not doing well.
Her family was very poor and had no money for dance lessons.
When Keith proposed, his girlfriend Jen called her parents right away.
Reed decided he would start a neighborhood watch program.
So she bought a manual one instead of an electric one.
They were going to bury her grandpa.
He would often wish that he was as cool as his brother.
I packed up all of my things and put my flip-flops on.
He went to Walmart to buy groceries.
My dad did not know about Halloween.
But Sarah also wanted to take a nap.
They usually play well together, but today was different.
The summer was brutally hot!
She was zoned out listening to music when she heard something.
He needed a new suit.
He handed her the cotton candy.
She took a few rock-climbing classes at her local gym, and liked them.
She set her alarm to 6 AM.
They would rhyme with each other.
It doesn't stop until high school is over.
They were having a great time.
She heard a noise in the other end of the house.
The pitcher threw the ball.
They allowed Kristi to bring a friend on their boat for the weekend.
The doctor told John that he had cancer.
Instead, she rides the bus.
Her boyfriend told her she would look silly.
She needed a grade of at least a B to pass the class.
She was ecstatic when she found out school was cancelled.
It was unfortunate that work had kept her so busy though.
He agreed to help with a project and flaked out.
She took it out of a special box that was kept on a high shelf.
After eating dinner, I began to work on it.
They packed up and brought the camper so they could stay the night.
When he stopped at the front window, the worker gave him a hamburger.
So she bought some acrylic nails.
But she had never been to a party before and was nervous!
As Dan was packing, Dan realized he was missing his passport.
He considered dropping out of his classes.
And she tried on several pairs of shoes.
They hiked for miles.
But the video kept buffering and wouldn't load.
Her baby was playing on the floor.
Yet unfortunately the power went out.
But he wasn't sure if he should.
One day his friend came by with a couple young ladies.
I picked Yoruba.
Jim told Nancy he shared her views about eating meat.
They needed her old records to be transferred.
All of his friends played baseball.
As I was pulling out, an old lady hit me.
He made a bet with his friend.
He saw a red brick in the middle of the sidewalk.
So she decided to go for a walk.
She turned the thermostat up so it'd be warm.
She offered her roommate $5 to wash them.
He isn't paying attention to the road.
Lisa and her friend Lucy were sitting on the front porch.
All of his friends were Star War fanatics.
He decided he would craft the costumes himself.
I asked friends for recommendations of things to listen to.
Sally went to her favorite dress shop.
He began training for months to prepare.
She wanted to get some lip gloss from a store.
She had all of the pieces except for some gauntlets.
They became frustrated and tried IVF as well.
He can't figure out why everyone is staring at him.
Because he had so little money he knew he couldn't fly.
Katie thought it would be fun to try.
Over the last couple months, she had not been doing much cleaning.
A rope was hanging from the ceiling.
He spends a lot of time watching time tick by.
He looked on craigslist and found an affordable one.
She always smelled like crab after work.
They were ten and seven.
He and his friends went to the field to kick the ball around.
They asked her to hang up posters for prom.
John tagged Amy and she took off running.
He went to the bakery one day and ordered a cake.
She decided to go camping with her boyfriend.
The other day, unannounced, he showed up at her house.
She had plenty of vegetables for her family and some to share.
No one could tell them apart - not even their teachers!
It was injured.
He'd never made it very big though.
She had made her school's diving team.
His hair grew really fast and he needed a haircut every month.
She was in the middle of picking up groceries.
As she put on her ballet shoes, her toe popped through.
Even though I can't recall ordering anything, I opened the box.
He opened up his laptop and started typing.
One day, Seth's friend took him to an art museum.
There was a new girl in the class.
He practiced for hours every day.
I decided to buy some jean shorts.
There was a dance contest that was coming up soon.
One time he had me after school and took me with him.
They rode the same bus to school.
But his mom won't give him desert unless he finishes all his food.
He fell as soon as he touched the ice.
He was asked to leave for the day.
She worked hard everyday by taking private lessons.
Glen was quickly traveling all over the world after joining the Navy.
He went to the jewelry store to look at necklaces.
The campground had tons of activities.
He had almost ten pillows in his one-bedroom apartment.
She looked outside and saw that the pond was frozen.
He was working from home.
Instead of telling Billy, she decided to show him.
She traded it for a classmate's take out from a Mexican restaurant.
One day he had the stomach flu.
She tried to do it herself, but it didn't turn out right.
He just wants to do or find something interesting.
The new employees cannot be trained on a subject until it comes up.
He was deeply focused on the music playing in his ears.
All of a sudden it felt like something was wrong.
He came home and had a large white bandage on his arm.
She kept her long locks up in a bun every day.
He is 98 Year's old and lives alone.
Although he made demos, no record company would sign him.
He had a Skylander cake picked out and ready to eat.
Using them would always send an unpleasant shiver down her spine.
When she got to school her teacher said homework please.
Shay proposed to Scheana after two years of dating.
It made some car rides bearable.
To my surprise, the cards inside were very valuable!
They had been there an hour talking to boys.
He sits in a pile of dirt playing with trucks.
He's famous in some circles for his one line, hi!
She rinsed it out with eyedrops.
She cleaned the kitchen.
He asked Beth to marry him.
He plays softball five or six nights a week.
When she asked her parents to take her they said no.
She was held overnight without bail.
He would always go to the park with her.
Her friends took her to try it.
They saw a sign for an unfamiliar restaurant ahead.
But she couldn't get through security.
Students from all over the world came to study at the music camp.
She went to bed but forgot to put her laptop away.
We left our kids behind with relatives.
Her boyfriend's new apartment had nothing but.
His parents were a bit worried.
Everybody knew that Jay was so fast because of his lucky shoes.
He was nervous about his grade.
Before he left, he thanked Dan and asked him to look at his napkin.
It has a camera and is rather advanced.
Two girls got together and tried to perform a flip.
He had his pepperoni and cheese.
His parents told him he had earned a play day.
After 10 years of marriage they barely spoke.
But all of her friends were busy that day!
There was a man with a jug full of pills.
After she filled her tank, she went into the convenience store.
He notices that this habit is becoming increasingly expensive.
She tried not to cry, but the burn hurt a lot.
He took the package inside and started to open the box.
It brought many visitors and entertainment.
Then, a dirty and tagless cat followed him.
Dylan has worked very hard in school.
He was determined to make the best latte.
She was afraid she may have to skip breakfast.
She wanted to be a professional gymnast when she grew up.
She planned it all out very carefully.
One evening, he got on stage at an open mic event.
He felt that his pillow was too flat.
He made it his mission to dunk on his enemy in the game.
While he was running with the ball, he noticed his friend.
She was scared to audition.
Her Aunt Libby tells her to write her daddy a letter.
She'd asked her mother if she could take lessons after school.
She had never been on a roller coaster before.
She took it and decided to read it.
I became frustrated and threw my keyboard.
She decided to work from home as a call agent.
Twice I've had people cut it short when I didn't ask them to.
We picked her out and named her TaiShan.
She decides to go grocery shopping.
I'm now the owner of two cars.
Daddy strapped rick into his car seat and began to drive.
She had bought a new suit.
His mother would have to force feed him sometimes.
I used most of the time to read books.
So she tells him that she's married.
She camped out in front of the theater to be first in line.
Lucy had a crush on the guy who worked there.
They were sitting around the fire telling tales.
An usher told him it was five minutes to curtain.
When Jimmy first got to camp he didn't know anyone, and he was scared.
I went to so many exciting cities and ate lots of different food.
Upon reaching the gate, he realized he had forgotten the tickets.
I wanted to save my money and buy a house.
His dad said Jimmy needed to dig for worms before the fishing trip.
Another glorious morning could be seen through the open window.
I went through them and remembered buying them all.
Gary was trying to help his kids open their toys.
He had to try out all of $1 pizza slices in Manhattan.
Although it was hot, she continued to wipe the top down.
He could not find his glasses anywhere.
He decided to go on a ride this weekend.
I checked the box several times.
But those lessons didn't matter when he saw a gun.
Her mother took her to the store to let her pick out a special gift.
The extended family got together for dinner.
He went to her favorite bakery.
She posted it on the internet for all to shame.
But he was worried that he would order the wrong size.
His family told him that one day he would need to try to eat one.
She went to a doctor who said he could fix them.
One day he decided that he would overcome that fear and learn to swim.
She decides to take a late night trip to the corner store.
She spent an hour stuck in traffic!
His mom told him it was going to rain.
Emily had been missing for days now.
She wanted to go to the garage and hang out alone.
Her parents bought tickets for the whole family and went that day.
They got really heated in the game.
She knew others would pay more for the shirt.
She proved to her parents that she was responsible enough.
While there they went to several wine tastings.
However, when he saw the French Horn, he knew he wanted to try it.
But they were so good that he got seconds.
One day at work, she picked up too much dirt in her crane.
She named it Blackie and played with it all that evening.
A customer ordered a burger and he started to cook it.
She wanted Kyle to have the same experiences she had had.
The gym was packed.
You can help them to not be sick.
This rap was going to be fast and smooth.
I drove to the store and bought a playstation.
The dog looked a little overweight.
Remy decided to plan a holiday abroad.
They had been dating for a few weeks so this wasn't a new activity.
His cat was hungry and wanted to be fed.
One day, Robin's friend Jess got too high and dropped the bong.
They hopped in the truck.
All they could think about were the gifts.
But it didn't really suit her.
Rey played on the swings and had a fun time.
It was a hobby, but she never thought it could be a career.
They would wonder if each month would be the month.
He invited everyone from school to the party.
She eagerly unwrapped the first spicy warm tamale.
He slowed pulled on a cigarette watching everyone.
He had today off and wanted to spend it relaxing.
He found out when the try outs where.
She always listen with the volume at its highest.
He had no money to buy the game.
He stuck his hand in the over to take out a slice.
He goes outside, but he still feels bored.
He decides that he needs to buy something new.
She was offered one in Detroit.
They were making scarfs to give to the homeless shelter.
He's been working on his books for the past five years.
There was a loose dog staring at her.
It is very noisy.
She couldn't afford much so it was a budget brand.
The man would ask for food or money to anyone that walked past him.
On the first day, we had to explore human hearts.
Once she cleaned and dried it, Cam wore it around.
He was attending a large class.
I was immersed in the old book section, when the lights went out.
The church van picked them up and took them first, for breakfast.
As a result her teacher gave her detention.
After we ate, several of the waiters surrounded us.
One day she got back a test with a big F on it.
I was using a saw so lots of dust was getting in the air.
Gerald started studying Japanese at his local college.
Nick accepted reluctantly.
But he always felt like a girl.
I walked to the train station.
His best friend told him that on a couple of occasions.
He mixed up all of the ingredients in a bowl.
She always had trouble getting off the end of the lift.
She begged her parents for weeks.
She was excited about showing it off.
He ran out of sauce.
At the top of the cliff I was harnessed and ready to go.
He finds himself not knowing whether to pick marketing or sociology.
I picked it out and took it to the counter.
Her friend Tami grabbed her arm to help her up.
The answer came to him and he quickly wrote it in the box.
His friends made fun of the kind.
I wanted bigger triceps.
Even though she was promoted she wasn't paid much.
She was pregnant and her balance was off.
His friend recommended the book.
He swung back with the pole and flung it forward.
After hearing about this, Nia decided to search for a tutor.
He was distraught when the bike turned up missing later.
But he had not been able to find it!
One day she realized that she doesn't love him anymore.
He watched the birds milling around on the grass.
Bob's driveway had 10 inches of snow.
We found a spot to stand right on the curb.
My wife likes the local pizza place down the street.
He was handsome, talented, smart, and a senior.
She purchased a waffle maker from the clearance sale.
The two decided to go on a cruise to celebrate.
They both knew that Cindy is terrified of mice.
The bag ripped and spilled a lot of cans into the snow.
The best way seemed to get a train ticket and take a ride.
She found a magic trick book in the den.
He picked up a rock and threw it in.
He moved all his boxes in, and his bed.
He needed to put on socks.
She ran outside to see the bunny more closely.
She bought all of the materials at a nursery.
One day there was a spill in the microwave.
She wanted one like one she saw in a music video.
He was supposed to play the play off, but he had to pass a test first.
My first dance recital was coming up, and I was scared.
She saw that her old favorite cartoon, The Flintstones, was on TV now.
She had her infant asleep in a baby carrier.
He lit a shoe on fire in his mother house.
His friends tell him he should use a rice cooker.
She needed coffee.
So far, the day had gone well.
However, he would not be getting paid until next week.
They were trying to reach for bubbles with their hands.
He chose to go to the Grand Canyon.
When she jogged at the park, she always wore skimpy clothes.
Shane looked up the laws about evictions online.
Everyone in the nursing home thought he was grumpy.
The planes that took off near his house scared him.
In the final stretch Joe was about to win when someone hit his bike.
Last week she hit her mom.
I had a stroke and cannot walk well.
He wasn't sure where to start researching service plans.
She only wore them on special days at work.
It was her daughter's birthday party tonight.
She joined a gymnastics gym.
They were telling jokes to each other.
Lily thought it would be funny to play a prank on her aunt.
She decided it was unhealthy.
She went to Hawaii to see a dolphin.
One day, Mary's son Simon was playing in the backyard with the dog.
I was so nervous to be so deep underwater for such a long time.
Her store was robbed, because she forgot to lock the door.
But she was very impatient.
He looked really handsome in his suit.
Someone knocked on his door.
She trusted a lady who travelled by bubble.
One Sunday she decides to take her book to read at the coffee shop.
He decided to change this.
He bought a ball and bat.
He decided to commit to 60 hour work weeks and spending very little.
He was nervous, but is very good with kids.
He finally decided to slim down a little.
She was thrilled it was finally over.
One day Ron was out with his herd.
She knew that meant she needed to cook her meals.
He was resting and gazing at the sky.
Ben loves bagels and heard about the new bagel shop.
He had the meanest leg lock.
Her teacher required that they wear their hair in a bun.
She stopped saying after several minutes.
He couldn't afford new tires.
He noticed a small young kitten in the grass.
They got to the theater and found some seats.
His mother told him he was going to trip and get hurt.
She told the kids not to touch them because they were hot.
His mom drove him to the emergency room.
She bought it and brought it home.
Her family told her it was very difficult.
He decided to ask her out.
Anna and her friends wanted snow so they could sled.
She went to lay down early after dinner.
She rented a booth in an established salon.
Father thought she never put enough salt in it, so he added some.
She saw the tree with all the gifts under it.
A few years later, he noticed other apple trees popping up.
His car began to make noises, so he stopped.
He couldn't tie his shoe.
He learned that the class taught things that were not exactly true.
Ronnie would reminisce on his fighting days and brag about his win's.
He grabbed his bagel and brought it as he headed out the door.
But he believes in obtaining a higher education.
After they had a few minutes to get settled, an announcement was made.
His mother told him to wait until after dinner, but he couldn't.
She was hot, uncomfortable and anxious.
He often made gifts for me.
He found a river with really fast water.
I was prepared after weeks of practice.
He played a game called instant winner.
The team was filled with good players but Narin thought he was better.
He went for a swim in the warm ocean water.
He played baseball for all of high school and college.
The power went out all over the city.
He noticed a lot of  different types of shoes all of a sudden.
I went yesterday and I found out that I can't stand it anymore.
The factory they worked at, manufactured metal poles.
The bay was beautiful in the moonlight.
Greg ate food from all around the world.
He didn't know someone named AK was in a popular rap group.
My wife drove off to work, and I woke up the kids.
He really wanted to quit!
My friend was playing poker.
I walked into my kitchen and began to look for a snack.
She heard the phone ring.
When he comes home the next day his wife shows him the new couch.
It looked like lots of fun, but there were so many instructions!
She worked at a bakery in a walmart.
He was a good role model for the community.
He felt stressed all the time and the city was too loud.
He decided to apply to fast food positions.
One of his kids flushed the toilet downstairs.
Since the place was crowded, I lost contact of them.
I went to the pet store and got all the supplies I needed a bunny.
Her mother told her it would be fun.
But she wasn't sure where she could work at age 16.
He went to a store to look for something warm to wear.
She quickly grabbed some cleaner.
We started our workout on the bench press.
He spent the next two months clearing away the trees.
He decided to quit to pursue his dream of being a guitarist.
She wanted to watch a scary movie.
I looked all over the house for it.
But she needed to be in the classroom alone.
She knew that animals loved music as much as she did.
It was his first time.
She was trying to sleep in her sleeping bag.
As he was walking down the street he dropped it in a puddle.
While the store had a lot of furniture, none of it was right for me.
Tina didn't really want to go because she has social anxiety.
I was assigned Adolf Hitler.
She was really hungry.
But buying camel milk was very expensive.
She loved her job and students very much.
I had a bowl of cereal and watched cartoons.
She needed to climb the rope.
He clicked the remote around to find a show.
He stood on the tracks and waited for the train to come.
They loved to go on long walks together.
They all showed up to my house in the afternoon.
I realized that my friend texted me.
Rita chose Mary's side, and Tami chose Gina's.
He saved up for weeks to buy tickets well in advance.
She and her friends dressed in their nicest club attire.
I sat down in my easy chair.
A bunch of cowboys had come to show the kids the horses.
He wanted souvenirs for his family.
Everyone at his job seemed to be happier and more successful than him.
My friend was sitting next to me.
She trembled in fear as she went on the stage to play her pieces.
He demanded that the soup be extra hot.
But there was an old woman next to her who could barely type.
Everybody there instantly loves Sam's brother Dan.
The hotel they stayed at had a pool.
Just as she began to relax the neighbor pulled up in his car.
It had lots of iron and other sediment in it.
She used a drive through and ordered two cheeseburgers.
There was a bright green spot on his pristine coat.
He bought a hundred tickets.
Tom watched Gordon Ramsay cook for hours.
I am a big fan of superhero movies and this year there are lots.
The snow was so deep it was hard to park.
They danced and cheered throughout the evening in Times Square.
He wanted to spice the place up.
His job was to encourage the bad baseball  players to perform well.
She had a test that she was not prepared to take.
His mother was too tired to tell him stories.
I put my on my clothes, my shoes, and go into the kitchen.
She searched all the stores to no avail.
I stopped by when the movie was starting.
He researches different countries and decides to visit Vietnam.
Johnny fell in love with Mary.
Sally got out the eggs, vegetables and cheese.
He woke up very late.
As much as she was excited to be new, she was rather nervous.
But he noticed that they were remodeling many old parts.
He saved up money to buy a good plot of land.
I was startled by a knock against the passenger side window.
He went to the lumberyard and bought all of his supplies.
Her parents bought one for her.
Lisa decided to take up stamp collecting.
I was very mad about it and wanted to rip it off.
She decided she was too sick to go to school.
He held the rabbit in his arms, and pet it softly.
It ended up falling on the ground and shattering.
A leak near the sink began to form.
She went to her kitchen to get a glass of water.
She was a backup dancer for Arianna Grande.
When they got there they stated in a massive house.
He ended up being late for class.
They were determined to go undefeated.
So he challenged Tiger to a game at a nearby course.
Karen serves a fast ball and Mary misses the return.
It's a time-consuming and costly hobby.
She loved her new curly hair!
He was dressed and standing at the door long before anyone else.
She had a package of ready to bake cookie dough in the fridge.
She decided that she wanted to own a dog.
Her friends encouraged her to dress more casually sometimes.
I dreamed I was very skinny.
She gave me a dollar to go get her some.
It was overrun with weeds everywhere.
He doesn't love television work, but it pays his bills.
He booked a trip.
They were on the road driving out of town.
She was fat.
She didn't have a car of her own.
In Iraq, a bomb exploded and made him deaf.
We went to the library and got a card.
After high school he had gotten a job at a local restaurant.
She was watching the waves eagerly.
He worked on his pie recipe day and night to improve it.
It was so beautiful, we decided to pitch our tent and spend the night.
He brushed and flossed daily.
When he got home he noticed that the tablet had a broken screen.
He contacted security to see if they were found.
He saw some ducks.
She needed to shop in the big walk-in freezer.
Erin ran to a nearby liquor store to get water.
She decided she would make cookies to bring to the party.
We took the canoe to a nearby river.
I made sure to set an early alarm on my watch.
If Ethan misbehaved, the trip would be cancelled.
She was ready to leave after an hour of pretending to get along.
He explored all the ships that were docked there.
Many of their friends brought gifts.
She decided it was the perfect weather for tanning.
Although Many didn't want to go, she said yes.
He loved to show off his big muscles.
She trained everyday by running 5 miles.
He broke the screen on his phone.
We needed to wash the dirt off the car.
He found sticks outside.
They shared a cubicle wall.
He thought about difficult things to do that are fun.
Suddenly, everything began to shake and rumble.
They all had a ton of fun together throwing the balls in the lanes.
She was interviewed by her local TV news channel.
One day I opened my front door and a baby lizard snuck in.
There was no time for a hot breakfast.
I decided to go in a bit in my pants.
The problem is, I could not cook a pancake without burning it.
This little green and black duck was sitting on our front porch.
He came across a rare quarter that was worth 50 cents.
She gathered them around to watch.
When his son Seth turned 8, he decided they could build one together.
He used a magic marker on a rock.
The box had a little window you could poke your finger through.
But the Don saw his country wasn't great anymore.
Larry looked online to find out the requirements to become one.
Her friend challenged her to a spicy-food-eating competition.
They went into the water and began to swim around.
After using the bathroom I went to the kitchen.
He decided to watch racy content online.
On the way to  the  concert  a drunk driver crashed into our vehicle.
She could not wait to wear it to school to show everyone.
All the girls were excited.
Julie found out that Ken was cheating.
While running after one, he tripped on some brush.
Her jewelry fit in the Tupperware easily.
She went into her brothers room late one night secretly.
Her acts draw laughs and protests from the crowd.
It was scared of them and they could not catch it.
He was a man who really liked to eat!
He had been working hard lately.
He asked his friend for a recommendation.
Inside I looked for a snack to eat.
He decided to join a book club.
He recently submitted an app for review.
Early second semester, he was introduced to wrestling.
But she couldn't figure out when to schedule it!
His parents wanted him to study and go to college.
But he didn't know how to swim.
As she drove up to the barn she saw horses on the road.
I often make a pot of rice, and toss a diced beet in to cook with it.
Her parents had said no for a long time.
I was not sure how they would taste.
He moved to the other side to avoid it.
She served them all a fancy casserole she had concocted.
He went out every day and people would give him tips.
He prefers action-oriented multiplayer games to slow, solitary fare.
He had not been there since he was a child.
When she woke up in the morning she ran to the window to look outside.
He spent all day looking for recipes.
She proudly flashed the ring so people could admire it.
She was going to hang up her stocking.
I told her that I did not like him because he was a liar.
His smart phone auto corrected his message.
However, I just couldn't figure out what.
He wanted some cereal.
He looked at three different buildings.
When she went downstairs she noticed someone drank the last of it.
Amy called her friends to come to a surprise baby shower.
My little brother was being silly as usual.
She decided to start a garden in her spacious backyard.
My kids and I decided to go to the park.
Last week, she went to a new restaurant and ate a brownie sundae.
Sara's friends bought her a chocolate creme cake!
One day Dean thought he was ready to have kids.
On the way through the living room he tripped.
He already has ten established clients he works with weekly.
He needed more money to pay rent.
I was outside in the freezing cold for three hours.
Tom felt throat pain at work.
She decided to remain under examination since her tumor was small.
However, they were willing to tolerate him being a lawyer or banker.
While in the shoe store, she spoke with a clerk who helped her.
For that purpose she bought an exercise machine.
They used to bark and bite at each other for hours.
He always dropped everything.
He had been practicing for an upcoming competition.
Her curfew on the weekends was 11:00pm.
Bertha studied the driving manual very hard.
He wasn't sure where they were going.
His eyes were red and he had a runny nose.
His final project for school was to write a ten page essay.
She named her Lily.
However, Nate refused since they had no money to go anywhere.
She wanted to surprise her boyfriend with a great meal.
She painted every evening after work.
But her dad urged her to try it again, with cocktail sauce.
I poured out the cereal and went for the milk.
A big storm was coming in from the ocean.
She when to the store and bought seeds.
Then he saw a wallet left on top of a video game machine!
She is a very nervous person.
The neighbors paid Willie to walk the dog.
I decided to fix it myself.
His server looked guilty as she poured him coffee.
She stopped to watch the snail.
He got out and gave them hugs.
His job required him to fly a lot and it was really difficult.
As a kid he finagled an excuse to get out of gym class.
Caroline was fed up and kicked Matt out.
The wind was blowing drastically and it was dark.
Her doctor advised that she get a malaria vaccine.
He held a tissue to his nose.
It couldn't turn on since it was broken.
It had taken years to build.
She noticed him at school in the afternoon.
I was nervous since I hadn't seen my friend in 10 Years.
I stopped at the intersection.
He walked to his local McDonald's and picked two.
His friend Jim had him go out with him to a bar one night.
He would steal wallets from people at the train station.
This is a nonprofit group that helps immigrant kids in Manchester, NH.
He has to spray starter fluid under the hood in order to start it.
As soon as I walked into Ann Taylor my eyes found the perfect one.
She trimmed hedges and the lawn in her swimsuit.
His boss commented on his fancy gold watch.
She made an appointment with her doctor.
He wanted to just play video games all day.
Their battle was intense and took them near an active volcano.
While on the ice, he froze.
She loved the library.
He didn't own one.
He added some green food dye to make them more unique.
He tripped over a rock.
The park should be full of people.
She had a phone call with her mother and that provoked her anxiety.
However this lately his grades have dropped and he is failing.
Her dream was to be a professional photographer and travel the world.
He was thinking about her all year.
He asked if she can staple a few papers.
His teacher kept putting the pencil in his right hand.
It kept bugging me as I ate.
She tried ginger ale.
Suddenly Bill tripped.
She felt sick and had to take an exam that day.
In the beach, they had a lighthouse.
The parents greeted Kate as she rang the doorbell.
He's been finding it hard to get a job.
He was so overweight he had trouble walking.
He was one test away from getting his barber license.
The latest trendy shoes had just arrived at the mall.
Jeremy decided he'd make his family's famous buffalo chicken dip.
He saw a school of fish come at him from upstream.
She told her boyfriend.
He constantly put himself ahead of others who were more deserving.
Soon she was learning to quilt.
She called a tow truck to get her car to a shop.
Daddy arrived and gave Rick a shiny new ball.
Joy wanted to get revenge, so she started a rumor.
People were harassing him on his old one.
Sally's mother encouraged her to ask Jane on a date.
He can play Hot Cross Buns with only a few mistakes.
It was a person trying to sell knives.
He skipped all of his lectures.
He was going to see his sister.
He tripped over a rock and dropped his light.
She was very happy to have a job.
When he applied for a loan at the bank no one took him seriously.
He decides to try the pool out one weekend.
He thought he was being slick.
She went to the nearest skydiving center and took lessons.
He bought the fanciest sports clothing they had at the store.
A man came over to check on the situation.
We decided to have a Bar BQ.
Everyone makes it seem like a big deal in movies.
His mom couldn't find any toy swords at the store.
I didn't believe it so I investigated the allegation.
She didn't like to bait her pole though.
A banana peel fell from the garbage bag.
Since I was saving my money, I asked my sister if she can buy it.
He first enjoyed his meal.
She didn't know who made it, but her name was on it.
He was a sprinter with very fast speed.
She lost control and the kite flew higher and higher.
The night of the dinner, he was really nervous.
Every night he goes outside and chases around other cats.
She only read the articles of the groups she liked.
She left to go to the market to pick out some snacks.
They were arguing about a project that was poorly executed.
She couldn't decide which to get.
They hiked through tall grass near the campsite.
She plays a hunter.
One day she saw a lost toddler crying in the corner.
He stood and looked at Gina.
I cut myself a slice.
He also loved a challenge.
Even when Becky played sports she chewed gum.
So, he hired a tutor to get his grades up.
Today the class was going on a field trip to the art museum.
They climbed to the tops of waterfalls.
Everyone pleaded with him to do it.
He was always easier to upset when he drank.
I told them that I was unable to make it since I was broke.
I purchased a gym membership.
He wasn't wearing goggles.
His teacher showed them how to do it and provided wool.
She aspired to be a ballerina.
She was stuck at the shelter, with other kitties.
A few days later Luna's stomach was bloated and she was lethargic.
My occupational therapist was very friendly to me.
She only put one candle on it.
He decided he needed to fix them up a bit.
I got fashion show tickets in the mail.
He was very excited and began to run home.
Suddenly, he noticed a man walking around with a big bag.
They both have cell phones and they also have a land line.
It was from an artist she liked.
One night the shower was much too cold.
She has arthritis.
One day they found a great big puddle in the backyard.
He searched the freezer at home but all he saw were some popsicles.
He noticed that his yard was incredibly sloppy and overgrown.
Kaylin packed up her car and headed on her two hour trip.
She chose a pretty pink nail polish.
He was on the highway.
She tasked Jenna with taking the sweets to them.
He found his sled in the garage.
Jenny's face grew with a huge grin.
Common flew to Hawaii and Charles' mother was his attendant.
So she began to go to the gym every day.
The man the other car revved his engine in challenge to Roger.
One of the snakes got loose in the store.
It was a wonderful bonding time for the two of them.
His mother said yes, but it couldn't spoil his appetite.
She decided to try to see the Loch Ness Monster.
He laid down in the sand.
Music thumped loudly from below and shook his floor.
She mailed the letter to her penpal in China.
She cleans the rooms every day.
It was a dart frog!
Barry took his talents to a football field.
There was a huge water slide at the top.
He thought that he would enjoy scuba diving as well.
She was debating whether she should get on the highway or not.
So, I decided to go back to school for Massage Therapy.
Thankfully her grandmother let her borrow hers.
One day as he was out on trail, he came across a snake.
So he decided to double his practice hours.
They only had high efficiency washers which Kay didn't really like.
I was too small to ride the big horses.
They promised each other to keep constant contact by holding hands.
But when she lost her whole family, her dog and her house, she cried.
He was interviewed to enter England.
His speakers sounded a bit fuzzy.
One morning she woke up very sick.
As I walked out of the bathroom my brother wiped deodorant on my face.
After selecting them, he put them into a large pot.
He had season tickets and attended every home game.
She asked her cousin Annie to fix her hair and make-up.
She never revealed her secret ingredient though.
But lifting weights on his own was so boring.
He was often picked on and picked last in the team.
He loves to jump off buildings and climb trees.
She looks forward to swimming in the family pool tomorrow.
I always wanted to play with my big brother and his friends.
This year he found a bird in one of his trees as he was cutting it.
He'd entered the koi koi contest knowing he wasn't prepared.
When he walked in, he couldn't believe how packed it was.
She wants to sell soft leggings for profit.
While in Texas they lost Johnny.
But Dave insisted on harassing her.
She looked at her yard and tried to imagine where it would go.
On their way to the ferris wheel, they decided to get some food.
Their mother told them to go to his office and surprise him.
He was eating rice everyday for dinner.
I wanted to buy some cheap meat.
He went to the printer and it was out of black ink.
He wished the moment would last forever.
He got invited by his neighbor to go deep sea fishing.
He didn't care about his health.
She wanted to take him on a date.
One evening near dusk, Mister Jones let the dog out for a few minutes.
She has been depressed.
His family went there every summer.
But she can't buy outside because it's raining.
One pal noticed that the other pals words had a theme.
She had always wanted a cat more than anything!
He tried to get a story from a kind man who wouldn't take a bribe.
He knew his mom and dad couldn't afford one, though.
I threw open the windows.
She made her hair real short.
When they arrived, they saw two other boys playing catch.
He was traveling to Las Vegas every weekend and coming home broke.
She wanted to learn how to drive.
She fills the tub up with hot water.
He went to the kitchen but he couldn't find any bananas.
Nancy was trying to comfort with advice.
One day I was eating potato chips out of a bag.
He was always shy.
It was impossible to open to door.
The man was getting anxious.
Adults and children were invited.
I wasn't very good at first.
Wren noticed it as she put her wine glass down.
They took a break to get some drinks.
He noticed he had a nail stuck in the tread.
I gave more love than I was given.
She saw it as a source of love.
She was supposed to be writing her next children's book.
There was no reason for them to get home right away.
He went with his best friend Ed and stayed at a fancy hotel.
She waited until the night before to do it.
He was running late.
She dawdled all week.
There was a nationwide search for him.
He begs her to put it in the bank but she refuses.
As she grew tired, she set her brushed down and closed her eyes.
She loves everything with sugar.
She drove to the store.
She heard that there was a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
He had traveled the world playing his music.
He saw that his whole office had been ransacked.
He found a pair of crazy striped socks.
He was caught throwing rocks.
The blizzard had everybody around town in a panic.
He ordered plenty of fish and other types of food.
Tim was frustrated by this early morning noise.
She cared for every pet she had as a child.
It was a nice watch, but it wasn't he one she wanted.
A lot of the roads are still out of commission.
Desmond checked his phone for any emergency notifications.
They were staring at the stars and talking.
The Professor said it would be really hard.
He detailed the car so it would look good to a buyer.
Before we said goodnight, he would read me a story.
They had many different types of animals.
While waiting for the interview, she realized that she made a mistake.
She started to change the radio channel.
There was a bathroom connected to their bedroom to get water.
So he took a beginning drawing class at his local college.
My friends thought it was hilarious.
Every week they got beaten by the taller teams.
He bought steak to cook.
He was in a full cast.
One day he found our one cow was missing.
She had never had them before.
The time had come for our family to get a new dog.
The noise of the cars would lull him to sleep at night.
One boy accidentally kicked the ball into the neighbor's window.
One day, the girls were teasing a new girl who had joined their class.
Ken was dejected, but he understood.
I decided to eat rice.
He saw a flyer for a hot dog eating contest at the state fair.
He grabbed the bar and raced down.
He took good care of it.
She was excited to find out what her duties were.
He had a big exam in biology coming up.
We chose to make fajitas.
She did not notice a wasp landed on the side of it.
It was hard.
They were performing a concert that weekend.
His grandpa wants Chase to have a bright future.
She was having a good time when she felt something stick to her.
He spent his days wondering about the houses he had sold.
So the night before I went out and bought a Butterfinger bar.
She couldn't go back to sleep because it scared her so bad.
She had completely forgotten about it and didn't study.
I like them cooked to medium rare.
After the driver received the money, he drove off.
She respectfully approached the subject with her mom.
She loved them very much.
He went back to look for it.
The waves were a bit wild but I was determined to get wet.
Buying beer in single bottles, would cost a lot of money.
That's why many people were surprised when he did something desperate.
She got her paper and pen ready and sat at the kitchen table.
One morning he almost was hit by another car.
He's passionate about what he does.
Suddenly one of her cousins stood and began speaking.
She stuck a tube inside a jar of dried beans to make a hiding place.
I went up to the top of a near mountain.
But Joe had no candles.
He made himself a sandwich.
Fruit flavored were his favorite.
She looked in it for identification and found an ID.
He sold over his quota every week.
Until i saw this one guy and i fell in love.
She invited everyone over and ordered pizza.
Suddenly, he saw three bright lights fly through the sky.
She didn't know a word of the local language.
My dogs were barking loudly outside.
They were going to a birthday party, so Connie hid a dress in her bag.
She was using a lot of curse words around her child.
She went to the store to buy decorations.
His favourite event was wheelchair rugby.
He needed a good place to find helpful people and good HITs.
But she was curious about it.
The lawyer was polite but informed her she would lose a lot.
I needed some caffeine to help stay awake.
She always got there early and stayed late.
He was riding in a jeep in a field full of zebras.
He picked up a trash can and dumped it.
He was ecstatic when the weatherman said a blizzard was coming.
She listened to their songs every day.
She called many times but the owner never returned her call.
We went to bed late.
She had given him a plate of food but he wouldn't take a single bite.
He said I needed to lose thirty pounds.
Somehow she got separated from her friends.
He decided to watch the presidential debate.
Gina's fiance is Jewish, while her parents are devout Christians.
At first he cannot determine what has gone wrong.
Chad wanted the fete to have face painting and games.
She said yes.
She put the meat on a platter but left the carcass on the counter.
The kids were looking forward to seeing their favorite characters.
He usually drives right past a girl selling herself.
My mother told me about their conversation.
He purchased a gym membership with an annual term.
He decided that he didn't want to be afraid anymore.
She called her favorite place and ordered takeout.
He figured it was easy to play, though.
She scoured the sand for shark's teeth.
Kelly was ready but quite disappointed.
He owns many pieces of heavy equipment and large lawn mowers.
He is a 200 pound dog.
The girls he meets over the phone are usually ugly.
Yesterday she was late for work, but stopped for her burrito anyway.
He decided to put on a scary mask.
His first stop was Egypt.
But the coworker thought Regina was easy to work with.
He needed to make some money fast.
He had vomited on his sweater already and practiced in the mirror.
He'd never been to one before.
He soon met another woman that he got with at a nearby bar.
He found though that he was not good at it.
He told his mom he wanted a fish.
As soon as they got past the tip of my fingers, they got brittle.
The coworker tells Bob that this girl is perfect for him.
She is so happy because she never thought she's find love.
Several stations played the same song.
He needed a new pair for the big game.
His girlfriend walked to the store to get him some.
This house was of ill fame.
Two boys had knocked all my books out of my arms in the hallway.
He worries that he will never have an undergraduate degree.
It was full of used stuffs and boxes.
He trained hard for weeks.
She knocked on her roommate's door.
We decided to go out for dinner.
She opened the fridge door and pulled out the milk.
Timothy grumbled because he wanted to play baseball.
She brings along her favorite stuffed animal to play with.
He wanted her to go on a weekend vacation with us.
One day her friend offered to teach her.
His coworkers noticed that he did this.
I was due to go but we all went to town school after that.
She asked what I was doing.
One day he decided to go for a run.
He decided to blow off some steam when he got off.
They are called Bulking Up and Cutting.
She reached under the cabinet to find a sponge but it was not there.
He ran up some stairs to try to catch it.
Nadine was in charge of finding the house on GPS.
His girlfriend seemed distant and cold.
She dreaded the fact that she still had to wrap the gifts.
Anna's neighbor's dog attacked Wilfred.
Beforehand my mom had told me not to get in the water.
Her boyfriend went to the store to buy her some medicine.
His previous headphones broke so he needed new ones.
He tried to trick me into thinking he bought a huge present.
He made an appointment with the eye doctor.
He had been hearing so much about robberies and things like that.
He took it to his garage and made a pile.
Tim was caught doing crimes and got locked up.
He goes to the shoe store and talks to the owner.
None of us had ever been in one before!
She decided to try baking one in her oven.
She loves watching the lighthouse illuminate over the sea.
He convinced his friend Jacob to go with him the first time.
The bully cut the laces off Jay's shoes and stole his money.
There was a bowl of fruit punch at the table.
He had prepared several sandwiches and a pitcher of lemonade.
Kia went, perplexed.
She decided to cook his favorite dish, spaghetti carbonara.
At a tournament a young child challenged him.
He drove to a dealership.
Then it became apparent that her boyfriend was manipulative.
I have never been to one before.
Her favourite was the piano.
I could hear the dogs crying to come inside.
He bought paper towels.
She loved waking up to the sound of the wind in the trees.
The day before the game, he got very sick.
Their friends had already left when they arrived.
He wanted to get a part time job.
He talked his Jessica into going for a ride.
He took his own first.
All the other kids in her class were invited.
The news report stated the hurricane would be mild and quick.
It was to be delivered Friday.
She looked at all the cute cats for adoption.
She invited her grandchildren over to carve.
Today, I thought I will be a little adventurous.
She tried every store, and nothing seemed right.
Sean researched the organization further and admired the cause.
I made a lot of progress and was 15 pages into the final draft.
He was excited to try all the spicy flavors.
Suddenly, she noticed a garage sale.
Trina was so happy.
He would have thought it was funny if he was not in such a hurry.
As she was walking around outside, she felt sharp pains.
So when he decided to cook oatmeal, he left it unattended.
I watched some online videos about building PCs.
At 7 AM she turned on the TV in her room.
He decided to chug an energy drink.
The panda had just had a little baby.
She went to grab extra flour when some bugs swarmed in.
I decided to speed up in another lane and go in front of him.
When he went to college, he majored in it.
She got all her friends together for the blast.
He wasn't sure what the cause was.
Margot loved the beach!
She only had her for a few months.
But someone behind him kept honking.
Her mom urged her to take a jacket.
She made a coffee for herself.
When she got home, she started wearing them.
He loved the hotel but it was creaky and being condemned.
The grass fire was heading towards an unprotected structure.
It started raining and the sun went behind the clouds.
She began running every morning.
She knew one she wanted but it was a couple of dollars too much.
Joan went to help clean out the grandma's old house.
One especially bright day she decided to go for a walk outside.
One morning he made a cake.
Zach and Nate decided to form their own tag team.
The song was called real friends.
She bought a Winnie the Pooh Easter toy for our granddaughter.
He ordered some tickets online.
She told her parents that she wanted to walk to school by herself.
Whenever her parents went out, she had to babysit them.
He grew up on that street and then bought a house there as well.
She visited some car dealerships.
He had over twenty boxes that he had to sell.
Molly's mother had to chase her down to wash her hair.
He sat down at a bench and began to throw the bread crumbs.
His friends and family encouraged him to clean but he always refused.
She went to open her locker when her bracelet got caught.
We googled this topic and found this was common for Keurigs.
It caused problems in their relationship.
Her husband forgot to zip the tent when he went to bed.
She hated washing dishes most of all.
Martha did not know how to get Jerry's attention.
He was known as the greatest.
For this vacation, we rented a very nice SUV.
Her pantyhose got caught in a nail.
The waters swept away every home in the town.
Her mother was awake, and her dad was driving.
Much more than other months.
There was a bottlebrush plant behind it.
So in the summer, they planted a garden together.
Some man stood in front of them and was trying to steal her.
The factory was in her town.
But Olivia felt she had a disadvantage because she was short.
He told people the line of work he was in was dangerous.
He spent his weekends looking for topaz.
But one of his friends asked him to play an online game.
But she did not want to spend the money for it.
He thinks that it tastes amazing.
He often did his chores and other shores without being told.
I ran into Sarah and Lucy who were apart of my group.
She loved them a lot.
He always enjoyed watching the sun disappear over the horizon.
She was being followed by a vehicle closely.
Gary had to park on the side of the road.
Of course he was going to be the best man.
She had a recital upcoming.
Without realizing it she had gone two days without eating.
The trees had grown too close to the windows.
She needed to use the restroom badly.
He sent her to her room, and then sniffed inside the cookie jar.
Her friend was filming her do it for Youtube.
He was charging his phone with it.
The person on the phone was very friendly.
A cute manager had came up to her and asked her out.
The waitress had given him an orange balloon.
When she got home it was very wrinkled from being in the bag.
Shelly's mom wanted to figure out what to do.
He was working on a few novels to be released.
A looked out the window to check on her.
She would always freak out whenever someone opened it.
He has searched the entire house multiple times.
She needed to skates.
She took it into her mechanic.
Ed was known to be moody and impulsive.
So he sent Sam out to buy the 30 mice they would need in the office.
He heard some cracking and groaning and looked near him.
Every summer he tries out for the baseball team.
He began practicing.
She was sick of being picked on.
I had not found any tickets.
At first Jeff was nervous and didn't want to upset Scott.
It was in an area with tornadoes.
She didn't have her purse when she went back to work.
He was up to bat and swung to hit the ball.
My favorite period is definitely the American Civil War.
It was multiple choice so how had he gotten a zero?
Allison is very unhappy with her work and wants to teach.
He decided to try building a fish pond.
He required constant supervision and treatment.
Kia thought the menu choices were strange and foreign.
The Chicago Bulls were down by 1 point in the 4th.
She was very thirsty.
She and her friends imagined the movie's racy scenes.
I would go to the fun lieus.
He decided to throw a keg party.
The bride and groom were holding hands.
The residence prepared for the storm.
I was very nervous to play all by myself.
We sat down with our bills and came up with a plan.
The wind had rattled her shutters.
She was dropping hints about wanting to kiss me.
She realized she loved it.
The desk clerk couldn't find his reservation.
He had to purchase some food for a party.
But when Miranda came into the bar he couldn't speak.
Were are going to use the eggs for Easter.
Liberty had a sumptuous body that Alex admired.
She sat as the dentist began cleaning her teeth.
Max had studied long and hard for his final exam.
The little terrier jumped and yapped loudly when anyone arrived.
Sam was in charge of the snacks.
She took her seat and worked on her homework.
She got a taxi outside and arrived at the bar.
He also has an English test.
Chuck only wants the one kid he has.
I told my friends the story.
He always played exactly by the house rules.
He was lonely.
The job was set to pay 60 dollars per hour.
She was lazy and always made her mum tie her shoes for her.
She decided to make brownies.
It would eat more than the other cats combined.
He decided to take them ice skating.
He needed time for himself to recuperate.
She looked around for another pair of shoes.
Every now and then he would stop to look around.
They were over the summer and ready for school to start.
He was fascinated by the country and wanted to buy a ticket.
Amanda needed to decide if she should get a new or used car.
She needed to pay rent and was backed up on bills.
He wanted to impress his girlfriend by winning her a prize.
Matt decided to order delivery.
He knew, however, that he was on the short side at only 5 feet tall.
When he was playing with his friend Simon, some bees came after them.
She baked a Bundt cake, frosting it in a pretty shade of pink.
Maria lost power at her house.
It was pretty intense and you had to climb up into these trees.
Jim had fed it once and it seemed to remember.
They were trendy and looked cute.
And after he ate, he felt obligated to exercise intensely.
Sadly, I did not like to read and never read any of the assignments.
I didn't want to play video games or watch tv.
He noticed a flier for a hot-dog eating contest.
His current car is alway breaking down o him on his way to work.
He suspected a fire and ran towards it.
I told them I needed a ride since I have no car.
He had chosen to go to an Italian restaurant.
He bet the whole class he could swim faster than them all.
One day while walking, Jane saw a small kitten all alone.
She saw one of the rewards for selling a lot of candy was a handbag.
My dad made me eat some boxed shrimp for dinner.
They needed the perfect song for their wedding dance.
He begged to have a cup of his own.
One day he was in a road trip.
They had a lot of fun making sand castles.
Brad had dated Cindy a few years earlier, but she dumped him.
She saw a man struggling to build a barn.
One night I convinced my boyfriend to go with me.
He found a flaw with a popular website.
She planted vegetable seedlings in her garden.
When she arrived, her items weren't there yet.
She was too scared to ask her mom.
They were greeted by a maid inside of the house.
She wanted the puppy so bad.
She entered a local contest for the best yard in town.
I wore it everyday.
This gun could fire a half liter of water in one shot.
I decided to just go and eat my favorite food.
One day a circus came to town.
But little critters keep stealing his plants.
She really wanted to be a nurse when she grew up.
His throat hurt very much.
I began to cough.
Choosing the right animal on the merry go round was serious business.
I've been dreading this appointment for more than a week.
They argued all day.
Our friends' parents threw a cookout.
There are only four of us living here.
He meets grandpa at the nursing home.
His pickled his onions and decided to try and sell them.
A friend sent them a gift.
He spent a long time trying to figure out what she'd like.
Suddenly, her dog started to bark at a bush.
She only had one trash bag.
I took a trip to the grocery store to figure out what I wanted to eat.
So, Byron enrolled in music school.
She went to her father's study to use his computer.
I set them up in my living room.
During a game, the coach put Jimmy in to play.
They dated off and on for 12 years.
It was a snowy rush hour so they were backed up.
She begged her parents for one on a daily basis.
I held it because it hurt.
He had never done it before.
She asked the store owner for a sample of two flavors.
She brought out the bag of catnip, and scattered it on the carpet.
The forum members wanted to raid a college app.
His thermos ran empty, so he walked to a nearby stream.
He was very nervous.
There was a really pretty girl there too.
It was a chilly not.
My Grandma has been trying to match shapes for the last hour.
She thought it would take her quickly to charge.
I drove to the house of the person that ordered the food.
But the next morning she felt better.
She went to get milk.
They explored mountains and rode a scenic train.
Timothy starts to read his textbooks.
After a few hours I knew I wouldn't be stopping for a very long time.
He had a very important date on Monday and couldn't be dirty.
Roger opened the door.
Tom valued his health.
He went to the hardware store for more but they were out.
I applied and interviewed for the position.
He watched a Kung Fu movie on a network station.
So when she went on a date, she put too much.
She was nervous about her position.
They were there to get a toy for someone's birthday.
He was crying really badly, because they hurt.
He was one of the best players there.
He started to walk slowly from the shoreline.
We love getting everyone together for a party.
He reluctantly went to the dentist.
My mother was insufferable and cruel.
Dan looked in the yellow pages for a qualified instructor.
After a long night of play we crawled into the tent to go to sleep.
She called the salon to make an appointment.
So I grabbed one of my books on American history.
He saw a big bin of rubber balls, and got excited.
She was perusing the shelf trying to choose one.
The trees were very high.
It proved to be a tremendously difficult feat!
The team made lots of touchdowns during the game.
He could only count to three.
She needed to get it installed.
He asked his grandmother what she recommended.
She wanted to appear in the school talent show, but she was nervous.
She had to make 8 dozen.
The other man looked exactly like Tom!
He put on his shoes and grabbed his jacket.
However, the phone began to overheat.
The boat hit a big wave.
He ran everywhere, including to the store.
He didn't make much money and lead a humble life.
He was having a hard time and couldn't see where he was going.
He was so excited he practiced everyday after school for hours.
She decides she wants to choose a new color.
I had always wanted to read it.
The race was 50 meters long.
She didn't need to prove herself at all.
He didn't even get to play.
He got strike after strike.
He went so fast, he went faster than the cars on the road.
She decided to get a better job but she needed transportation.
The generic cereal was on sale.
She went to work on her Friday and daydreamed about the night.
It took about three hours she said.
I found it was hard to button my pants.
His wife makes a lot of money so he agreed to quit his job.
Playing music was his passion and he loved sharing it with people.
The weather for the weekend looked good.
It fit tightly in the store a month ago.
She worked all day in the kitchen.
She decided to go to the local Japanese restaurant in her town.
He stepped in a puddle and stopped.
She waited to get on the scale hoping for a big number loss.
I was playing linebacker and my coach called a blitz.
One night his owner came out of the shower with a towel on her head.
Jake's mom gathered the baby wash, baby shampoo and a towel.
I noticed that my dog was very dirty.
His parents took him to the Humane Society to choose one.
My boss said I could not exceed 70 characters per sentence.
I saw vultures circling in the sky.
Ava never confirmed on all the preparations for the party.
Tomas decides to do bench presses.
The waiter brought out her macaroni.
Kara went off to college after high school.
The last horror film she saw was The Ring.
He rushed to the store to get some food first.
She was excited, imagining it would look really nice.
He got comfortable in his easy chair, and opened his book.
He chased leaves as they danced out of the trees.
Joe has been playing the guitar for Years.
The area was very sparsely populated.
She originally wanted them sunny side up.
With the extra money he bought himself a snowblower.
He never worked out much.
She saved her money for a long time.
Her infant son was sick again.
He picked up a suitcase that he thought was his.
Micah already had plans to go trick or treating with his cousins.
He went into his local gas station.
He went out with friends to the bar.
His parents made him go to church.
Chris parents went out of town often.
So he was sure his computer was infected by a virus.
Then she realized she'd forgotten to brush her teeth!
While she was gone the dog ate all of Jeffy's food.
I hired a friend as a tutor.
I was trying to buy bananas.
I didn't have a Valentine, so I bought my son a box of chocolates.
After multiple surgeries and infections, it was amputated.
It was itching and causing him some discomfort.
She practiced her one line night and day.
On his trip to Florida to visit relatives, they went to the beach.
They went on a date to the movies.
They snuck backstage together to get a look at Jack White.
He would often go over to her house.
The day she took the test she was shocked to find it was really hard.
I went to the car dealer.
He was sent off to war.
He find the landscape to be very strange.
She felt like her blood was boiling.
The cruise was three weeks away and she could not wait.
Sometimes my stories are funny sometimes not.
When she got ready for a party, she tried to hide her flaws.
Her grandma grounded her as a result.
It broke down within a week.
One day he ripped a hole in them.
We collected a couple of plant samples in the morning.
He was never bothered by it but his friends were.
He was going to show her ice fishing for the first time.
She placed a handful of change on the table.
One day he decided to take a vacation to Florida.
His wife told him to take sunglasses.
He found a bunch of bad jobs that paid almost nothing.
While there she saw a rickety bridge.
I was very ashamed and wanted no one to know.
I walked to the counter and asked for a pack of cigarettes.
Sparky said he hated Kevin.
He scraped his knee.
His wife must put the cans in the pantry facing the same direction.
They had been drinking a bit.
They carefully erect walls and towers out of moist sand.
She opened her soda and saw a winner message on it.
But one day a kind stranger snuck her out the back door.
She was nervous because she was afraid it would hurt.
She was going to grill her dinner.
But he kept imagining being somewhere else.
She was nervous because there was still so much work to do.
This was weird for me because I never saw my Dad so depress.
He went to therapy and then began to climb out of his hole.
They were watching a movie but both were thinking of kissing.
Now, he had to let people know how corrupt the media is.
He had just arrived in Santiago de Compostela.
She saw a naked man in the sauna.
One day he was taking a walk.
He visited several department stores.
His mom told him he could get a nightlight.
But there was no one in sight.
When her doctor said she was pregnant, she was so excited.
Turns out I was wrong!
The owner of the house took an ax to the trunk.
His blood sugar levels were getting a bit low.
High on the experience she tried to do a hard move.
He bought the meat and all the fixings.
She stepped on a sharp rock.
One day Jake was having a bad day.
She went with her family every Sunday after church.
Angela wants to ride one.
He had broken out in a fever.
He tripped over a shovel and crashed into the hay pile.
He decided it would be a good time to take a walk.
We went all the way out in the ocean looking for fish.
She decided she would be Elliott from ET.
One day, his cheese fell behind the counter.
There was a dog lying in the middle of the road.
She couldn't find anything that she wanted to watch on TV.
She is on it during class instead of paying attention.
They took a bus to get there.
My parents decided to pay me for doing chores.
It was just sitting on my front porch.
Lisa felt humiliated and hurt.
Since she barely speaks English, she was shy.
I'm naming them after spices.
She decided she'd go to the try-outs.
I offered to take his dog, Sam, for a walk.
So he asked his secretary to choose for him.
The two had forgotten their pack of food!
She found an app on her tablet that she could use to learn to play.
David could not make or receive calls.
He passively watched many tutorials.
She heard something rustling in the leaves nearby.
I could tell she was very excited about something.
This is her third school in as many years.
She followed the exact recipe her mom always used.
He decided to warm up some soup.
Jamie looked up a recipe online for chocolate cake.
Tammy kept winning each game.
She arrived in time to see the buses driving off, one by one.
They decided to have an outdoor wedding, and everyone was excited.
My Dad taught me how to shoot a rifle properly.
First one of them told her friends I had nice eyes.
He bought some fresh chicken and vegetables.
He thought about buying a fancy watch.
The bee came and stung me and I screamed.
He was waiting for an acceptance letter from his favorite college.
She promised that if he did, he could get a new toy.
I always name my cars.
She had a desire to give back to the world.
And from then on, he hated Miatas and all Miata drivers.
When he saw a cute girl shivering, he loaned her his coat.
They decided to visit the Blarney Stone.
It was decided he would work a part time job.
My Dad was not a very good cook so we had a lot of frozen food.
I made sure to see her privately when I had family issues last month.
His friends all did a trick that John had not yet tried.
Finally the phone rang.
She packed her bags and drove away.
She sets it out every year.
She was the only black one in the flock.
It was his first semester.
I tore the wire in my window.
I had never dyed someone else's hair, only my own.
He couldn't go because he was constipated.
They was so excited about getting 2 weeks vacation.
Mary is a lesbian.
He catered to the middle class and the poor.
The first part of the walk was nice in the shadow.
He tried to get his girlfriend some flowers.
As soon as she bent over to pick up the bag, her back got sprained.
He swore he saw it moving around at night.
She bought new exercise clothes.
Her parents knew this so they didn't make her eat it.
He studied day and night with the help of his friends.
Down the beach the sea oats were on fire.
Amy was shy and did not know how to approach her crush.
For his birthday he wanted a puppy.
He finally asked her out.
She needed to be home to let him in, but had to work for a few hours.
Last night he could not play.
They planned to meet at a restaurant for brunch.
Snowflakes fell gently onto my face.
Dan bet his brother the Giants would beat the Vikings.
She made a stand, but she wasn't sure how to make lemonade.
His friend Todd, though, really liked to play practical jokes.
He has done this for 300 days now and has many pages.
Over the year, he had barely visited the club.
The intersection rarely had traffic.
She walked around the circle tapping the other children on the head.
Someone come near to me and ask my name.
After high school he moved away for college and then work.
Jeremy called three of his friends to come play with him.
He climbed on a climber.
No matter what steps I took to eliminate them, they always came back.
Jack saw what he thought was a cluster of leaves on a tree.
I really wanted to buy a pool table.
She had food and drinks and was having a good time.
Harry is known to be the best at Battleship.
Once I tried to sit near the table, The chair broke in half.
He finds a used car for sale on the street.
But his grandma couldn't afford apples often, so he rarely got pie.
We did not know how to plug it in so we called another friend to help.
It was weigh-in day.
He found a mysterious box.
He tried to put a belt on but it would not fit.
Beaux does not like to take baths.
He never understood why all the other boys didn't like him.
She went to the doctor who scheduled a biopsy of the lump.
Andy was excited to see Usain Bolt defend his track title.
When he steps outside, Lester is amazed by how cold it is.
She walked a bit faster in anticipation of meeting her boyfriend.
But then little Em had taken one bite from each apple!
Melissa broke up with her boyfriend and became depressed.
She decided to help out at a homeless shelter in the city.
The fire engines were the first on the parade route.
I did some research at the library.
Since her friends were around, she felt embarrassed.
She was always spending it.
He turned on his computer.
One day she and some friends decided to go skydiving.
Soon she had put the pie into the oven.
She still needed to find something to wear to her event.
He used ten different cleaners on it.
They were at a hotel the night before visiting a theme park.
They adored their new pet but couldn't decide a name.
He bought everything he needed.
He dressed and headed out.
She went to the store where she bought her phone.
I looked out front and saw the water main had broken.
She thought she was the best there was at gambling.
Evan revved the engine of his motorcycle.
He rarely left the house, usually only to get the mail.
He sat and daydreamed for the first 45 minutes.
He wasn't sure how he could show others and began thinking how to.
I saw a bunch of interesting stories and artwork.
Then he started bringing tins of mints to class.
She decided to make a sandwich.
The owner's contact information was inside.
They set out their stockings and went to sleep.
He wanted to stay up all night.
The summer before high school, she decided it was time to change that.
They meet, knit and gossip.
Gina was sure they had been bored, and would be in a bad mood.
Dan decides that he is going to plan a quick weekend trip.
I noticed that the cat's food bowl was empty.
I heard my bedroom door open.
It wasn't enough for him to succeed, he had to see others fail.
Why did whales keep beaching themselves here?
Her lease was ending by the end of the week.
I wasn't sure how to approach the task.
They were paying him $16 per hour.
He wanted to find a date to his prom.
She had hired a babysitter to put Wendy to bed upstairs.
Shalil saved on costs by incorporating advertising into the product.
He'd gotten into a fight with another miner.
He scratches his arm with a sponge.
I crashed into a deer going about 65 miles per hour.
Jim was ready to propose to Sue.
However, he wanted to be the best.
I used a knife to open the case.
He wanted to get a lot of things done.
The dog always barked seeing the goodies in the window.
His dad stopped for bait.
He was poor, but finally he'd saved enough to buy an old fixer-upper.
While cleaning his room, the book was pushed under his bed.
He thought they were adorable!
She was picking up one of her grandchildren from school.
He took out his flashlight and began to explore.
At college she became friends with Matt and Dee.
After camping for one day, Vince began to feel lost.
The vet says the dog is overweight.
His friends didn't understand why he was digging.
They were enjoying nice weather and food.
He was afraid that he might not be popular enough to be elected.
She prepared by sharpening her pencil.
Her mom brought out 10 different flavors.
He was very interested in the project.
His friend was a sore loser.
She found an old end table that she really liked.
She jumped out of bed and got dressed.
They decided to perform an old rock song.
The show was at 8 am though so he had to be up early.
She practiced everyday for hours.
She went to an anti-war protest where riot police showed up.
One day, they decided it would be fun to take the kids to a new place.
They were sent to Germany for 5 years when she was a kid.
His family worried that he wouldn't like the military.
But her car would not start!
He called and asked if she had any heavy pain meds.
She did this because she didn't have lots of family.
Her mom had told her not to.
He decided to send his resume to employers on the internet.
The other day, I actually saw him eating a big bowl.
Since then he couldn't walk properly.
Her mom suggested she call her dad and ask for some.
She put the ham in the over 2 hours early to prove it.
Henry knew he had a great teacher and told his mother.
He decided to go for a walk in the woods.
When she got in the car, it wouldn't start.
Currently Steve benches about one hundred pounds.
He bought 100 dollars for the occasion.
She had been teaching for 40 years.
It was my turn and I picked a dare.
Nothing seems to be going my way.
And right away, she practiced using her ball machine.
She saw that all the bananas were green and under-ripe.
It said a Macbook Pro was for sale, only three hundred dollars.
He went to stop and shop first.
Someone suggested that they make popcorn.
I had let the ketchup bottle get close to the edge of the table.
She turned the oven on and put it in.
He jumped off the dock and sank like a stone.
The handle fell out and stranded her in the room.
So i decided to earn money everyday.
After paying them she went to retrieve the book she wanted to read.
Suddenly a bear approached her camp site.
I called the exterminator.
She went to the pet store to pick one out.
The first exhibit they went to see was the dinosaur fossils.
He had never seen the mole before and he grew worried.
He saves his money for the big trip.
They needed field personnel so pulled us both out of school early.
He taught him how to stand and walk.
Alice wanted to experience the country as fully as possible.
They were having a close game.
Since I was eating, I wasn't able to answer the phone.
He did not realize that he was not faster than everyone in the state.
She was visited by an armed forces recruiter.
Suddenly, he heard some whimpering.
One day, I got a massive 10,000 piece puzzle to work on.
He was originally from Canada.
I stumbled across a few bleachers in order to find some space.
There were many choices.
The owner told Paul that they did not need any more staff.
She took it to the beach.
He drove his car to a stop sign.
I thought they're all true friends until one day i realized something.
I fell really ill with diabetes.
We'd randomly call a girl, pretending to be in one of her classes.
The line was longer than she hoped.
Tommy's mom suggested he earn money to buy a new computer.
She had to use an oxygen tank.
Her niece and nephew came out and decided to help.
Christa was really excited to go visit them.
He snoozed his alarm five times.
There was an old man selling a set of fruits.
We went on a wild goose chase looking all over for it.
She was afraid to tell her best friend.
She was ready for a drastic change.
She made posters and campaigned for the position.
The lady came and started cleaning.
He bought himself a scheduling book and wrote in it.
He drove the tank through main street of the nearby town.
So she looked online.
Each time their mom tries to find a different and better location.
She decided to join the school's drama team to see if that would help.
All of her other pants were worn and out of style.
Our drama club announced the audition dates.
But her mother was sitting in the living room near the purse.
She was finally old enough so she was getting it done.
Yesterday, his upstairs neighbor complained about the noise.
He bought himself a driving experience to try it out.
She couldn't tell what it was right away.
She was competing against her best friend.
He couldn't decide which restaurant he would take his date to.
Her grandma helped her chop it into cubes.
The wind blew his can into the middle of the street.
Fred felt the rumble from the train below his feet.
Both mules like pulling the plow for the farmer.
Her husband, Tim, was skeptical.
He noticed a very colorful small beetle and picked it up.
I was scared because I thought it was made from real birds.
He couldn't find his harness at his back pack.
It was her birthday.
So he was driving 60 in a 30.
Terek would straighten it up but it would always get messed up again.
She had a class with a cool boy named Duane.
However, when she got there, something was wrong.
It was from her garden.
It's been such a long time, I was so excited to get away.
She wanted to sell them but nobody wanted plain vegetables.
He would throw rocks as far as he could.
He was not very good.
She took her friend Michele with her.
She gave a mite to the beggar on the street.
He began to ride down a small dirt road away from his friends.
The awards for the 8th graders were announced first.
One night there was a storm.
But her local coffee shop was inexplicably closed.
When she got home, she scratched the ticket.
He tried some of everything on his hair to make it grow faster.
Suddenly he saw something out of the corner of his eye.
The screen broke when it hit the ground.
He found a fine block of marble and set to work.
They wanted to get a really good spot.
I explained the rules of the game Teddy.
I have been following the local football team.
They all got out before him.
Erin left to the store to buy a fan.
Lucy loves catnip toys.
With their tennis rackets in hand, they rode the bus.
Once upon a time he was rich.
He had a map of the area on his phone.
One day, Tina dropped some ketchup on her dress.
He decided to take a train ride.
He called his internet company to discuss his options.
He was still complaining when the dancers came on stage.
It had not eaten in days so it was very hungry.
He made straight for the elevator when he reached the building.
He kept trying to break up with her.
One afternoon my friend was walking down the street.
Sara jumps out of bed and runs downstairs for breakfast.
There was a man and a woman on the other side of the table.
Sam said she'd help her.
He looked all around his office, to no avail.
He decided to speed up when moving near a flight of stairs.
He didn't look behind him.
There were many complaints made about Janet.
Jason called his dentist.
George had told us his two kids were born using IVF.
She joined a gym and began to exercise 3 days a week.
She decided to boil some milk.
After dinner I gave it to my wife.
All of the chickens go in the coop by then except one.
They smashed a mailbox to pieces, as a prank.
When she was 25, she went back home for a visit.
Jim went with his 8-year-old son.
But they didn't have any chocolate.
She wore it everyday.
His morning routine had been set for fifteen Year's.
Oishi was a wealthy man.
She gave them a lady at the dump who collected them.
When she wakes up, she realizes she forgot to set her alarm!
As the train took off, Marge saw trees splendid in autumn colors.
He was really afraid that he might die soon.
She had been selling cookies.
His dog kept him company as he worked.
But he was caught in an avalanche of rocks.
One of them mentioned that she was on a new diet.
Then, at night the internet went out.
My mom insisted we hang some for the dogs, as well.
They took a cable ride up and around a mountain.
He enjoyed a good batch of cookies that he ate with milk.
One day, she looked in the mirror and noticed how bad her hair looked.
I didn't have enough money for tickets.
She thought she would pick it up quickly.
She had her tea set out on her table.
They were about to board when an attendant approached them.
She saw an impressive library and decided to go inside.
He was good even though he only had one eye.
She started following a scent.
She opened the door and let her siblings in.
Most kids would say they liked gym or art.
When I got my little brother he claimed to have a shield.
I'm about to start doing my taxes.
When he got home, he pulled her aside.
For my semester project I had to design a bridge.
He changed his mind when he saw it was raining hard outside.
Everyone showed up except Tina.
He visited the West Coast many times.
His mother told him to do homework.
He felt like no one needed him.
He couldn't stand when his feet would stick to the floor.
He went cave diving with friends.
Tina was afraid of him.
When they left, she approached him.
Val and her friend Kris followed her.
Her voice was hoarse.
I was sleepy, so I decided to take a nap.
The circuit breaker panel has a gap and needs to be replaced.
He came across an old cabin next to the trail.
She was almost done.
Everyone was very proud of him.
She told her roommate, Jessie, about this fear.
They were going to rescue a sinking ship.
His mom took him to the store and bought him a booster seat.
Sometimes it's in the form of coffee or energy drinks.
He decides to invest in a bowtie.
Forgetting everything he learned about desserts was the first step.
I went from a middle school to a much larger and confusing high school.
I began to prepare for a trick.
The two of them went to a new restaurant in town.
His friend tells him to try using a language learning software.
However she did not have a boy to go with, she was sad.
Her teacher gave an assignment which Amy loved.
Her step-sister did not like Allie.
They play sports games a lot and it gets competitive.
I spent most of my time working to make some extra cash.
She decided to quit.
She was growing older and becoming desperate.
He looks for pretty birds.
Alex tried to get his Spiderman bowl of the shelf.
So the owners of the house borrowed a rototiller.
She decides that she needs to clean some of it.
One night he was home alone and one came to him.
He was very nervous and the appointment is in 30 minutes.
She had a great voice and didn't have to worry about her looks.
When it was all done, she saw that she had extra paint.
Tim wanted to play the guitar.
I couldn't stop thinking about it.
She had come to hate her job.
He was caught by supermarket security.
He was invited for an interview at a large company.
I realized I didn't have my car keys.
Greg decided to make some hats of his own.
He was starting to have health issues.
Sara's dad was injured and hospitalized.
We were going on a fishing spree.
A sudden gust of wind blew towards her.
So the little boy went to the local library and got books on magic.
He finally said he didn't like saucy things.
Adaline could not date until she was 16.
By the time she got home, though, it was all melted.
Unfortunately, not all of it made it on time.
He wanted to go to a hockey game with his buddies.
Her daughter wakes up with a temp and a sore throat.
It was a six mile walk.
We went to church.
She had a few chickens and loved to eat farm fresh eggs.
Suddenly, the clock hit 5.
Dina felt like she should put Avery in Daycare because of her job.
A security guard politely informed her it was a no smoking zone.
She was waiting for her luggage outside of the terminal.
He made an appointment to have the tooth removed.
He ran outside to see what it was.
My wife wasn't giving me the attention I needed.
He was in France once.
This would be Dan's first day off work in weeks.
However, he doesn't have plans for baseball afterwards.
One day Charlie decided to paint a horse.
There, he gambled in their famous Casino.
She didn't make it into the office before they closed.
She was not sure which one would be best.
But her mother was making chitterlings.
Her mom had just told her she was going to be a big sister.
Her coach could be stern and she didn't want to disappoint him.
She was sick of being a nobody.
She was up most of the night and could not sleep.
The next apartment next to mine was infested with bedbugs.
He was deep into her old pics on her facebook.
They had a long line of people waiting to come in.
But she had never spoken to him.
I answered the door but no one was there.
She decided to start taking tennis lessons.
She realized after asking that she had nothing in her fridge at all.
Tom did not like the taste of the tap water.
Erin got into a group with his friends.
On the way, she got a flat tire.
My new phone can do many things.
He had found that the WWE was coming to town in March.
Her host family treated her as if she were there own child.
Her hairdresser warned her to stop dying her hair.
She was nervous to shower, wondering if the ink would get damaged.
Mark and I were good high school friends, but lost contact.
He spent all of his weekends helping down at the soup kitchen.
The team trained for months for an upcoming climb.
When our time was called, we all went there at our times.
The dog was a nervous little thing and had lots of accidents.
She was nervous because she had never ridden a bike before.
He could hear the motor click on but nothing would happen.
He took about an hour to get his shopping done.
He'd insisted they didn't need a carpenter to do it.
He was so famous for his antics, he attracted new customers.
They walked past the house of Amy's crush Ray.
She begged her parents to let her.
He knows that he has to hurry to get on the school bus.
She realized she had forgotten to close the shades.
His mother had told him it would make Freddy's coat shine.
A lot of her friends had gotten nice cars for presents.
She would study the local news and practice daily.
The teacher told her to borrow one she had to pay money.
She made pizza dough from scratch.
He went to Miami.
He boasted that none could beat him in the ring.
He began to search for jobs outside of his state online.
We loaded up the kids and made our way to the YMCA.
They had fun smashing the rocks with hammers.
She finally decided to splurge on her favorite pair.
She worked a boring job, but it paid for concert tickets.
She had been working all week on it.
Unfortunately it was so hot he couldn't.
I realized that a little bit was missing from the bottle.
When she had been driving, she had driven through a large mud puddle.
He decided to try out for a select baseball team.
He went to the doctor and got his knee examined.
Suddenly she felt her purse yanked from her arms.
She had a taco night.
It was made of a fancy new material that supposedly cleaned better.
She would make hats and gloves.
They already had two kids.
Before he could get too far from his house, he saw another animal.
One day, a neighbor girl jumped the fence into his yard.
It was in New Orleans.
He was chosen to be an extra.
He saw a sign that said all t shirts were 50% off.
He did everything Google's developer page said to.
She went in big circles all around.
She didn't have enough money for the one she wanted.
He couldn't read, but he liked the sermons.
The news told every residence to stay in their homes.
They were favorite baked good and she was great at making them.
She was confident that she'd win the big meet.
He was told it would damage his eyes if he did look at it.
They were incredibly comfortable to wear.
He took a photograph as the situation deteriorated.
They decided to makes a series of prank calls to classmates.
She adored it and hung it inside her living room.
For a few weeks, they were fun and seemed exciting to her.
They drove out to the mall to walk around.
He had always wanted to go to the beach but never got the chance.
He really liked it and wanted to keep it.
When Billy got home shortly after he also wanted to play.
His car was too slow.
He spent a long time reviewing the chapter.
She had gone to eat at her mother's house.
I had a stroke in October of 2011.
She was tired and did not want to see anybody.
I didn't know anyone or what to do.
I can get some pretty interesting international dishes there.
It was covered with dead flies.
She had been out running errands all day.
One day she went missing, and wasn't seen for weeks and months.
Tom went to it often as a child.
A constant buzz wouldn't leave his ears.
She thought nothing of it until one day she was in some photos.
She did not understand what happened.
She would charge $60 an hour to talk to any dead relative.
He took it off his head.
I wore my favorite red shirt.
His girlfriend kept acting like they were dating.
His house was a 20 year old trailer that was falling apart and filthy.
He loved looking for wild animals.
The family had been having a hard time for a long time.
He needed some music but couldn't find anything good.
It was the first day of school.
I really enjoy doing it.
She told the girls in her dorm her hair always felt weird.
A bolt of thunder had startled the horse.
I practiced competitive games with my friends.
He signed up with a gym that had free weights.
She fed it at first without letting it into her house.
It sells non violent toys.
I hope to find four table chairs.
Today, Sandy went to the dentist for an appointment.
He usually made low-effort, low quality gaming videos.
She had eggs cooking on the skillet.
Samuel opened a checking account for  his son in the amount of $100.
He is only thirty and is becoming nervous about it.
They were hanging onto a power line tower in the water.
Suddenly, the tv overheated and broke.
I started to play with it.
She had never liked flowers much, but this gift made her love them.
One summer day they noticed a new berry bush had grown.
He went to college for it.
Or she wouldn't get a present.
He noticed it was coming from his trash-can.
As the episode wore on, he became more and more baffled.
He heard about a circus that would be coming to his town.
He was an architect for a big firm.
They left in a rented car in the middle of May.
Italian food was her specialty.
But everyone keeps telling her she'll have to start at the bottom.
She did not want to leave her mom.
He dreamed of one day owning his own taxi service.
She did not like it there.
He had put it in and was reading while he waited.
He screamed that it must be aliens.
She drove to the market to get the ingredients.
His parents were only 5 foot 3.
He was an accountant but didn't like his job.
It was a very bad idea.
He decided to volunteer to feed homeless people.
She had never seen a tiger or an elephant.
She was scrubbing food off of the counter top.
Jennie recently started feeling distant from Tom and the kids.
Soon, leaves would turn and then fall.
She liked shopping there.
He put her down for a nap.
He liked the country because it sounded similar to his name.
He was really nervous.
Her stomach is very sensitive to foreign food.
He was trying to impress the girl.
He lived in the barn outside next to her house.
The news was on in the kitchen.
For her hen party, her friends hired a karaoke machine.
Unfortunately his cardio wasn't too good.
It is at this farm and they hold it in their barn.
He told her to go at her own pace and passed her a joint.
She could not find one anywhere.
While inside  the church she noticed a lady not paying attention.
Bill was in the navy.
On December 1st, they all met at the lake.
He tried to get on one with friends.
She was not getting customers anymore.
Each time he jog,he saw the elderly woman sitting on the bench.
One day he kept talking in class.
He wanted to find every secret and beat every possibility.
I prefer going commando when possible.
He had a big fight coming up.
Her baby had been up all night.
She had to run to the restaurant.
She had to work and the unit was inspected.
My wife picked up a broom.
His boss told him it was his last warning.
He was convinced someone was following him.
She didn't mind whether the person was old, or sick, or not in mood.
He was a 2nd stringer.
He was more worried about his dogs than himself.
He ran over to his owner.
I looked at the price tag.
The letter described a powerful weapon called an atom bomb.
He wanted to return dog treats he had bought the week before.
He works at a shop three days a week.
John got cut from the team.
I was unable to sell them.
Mike put sunscreen on.
She realized that her inbox was full of spam.
He was starting kindergarten.
She needed to get his stroller up a small set of steps.
In one day, I got a free fish tank and a free bed.
She did not feel good in the afternoon.
Things were going well until it began to rain.
He tried taking cough drops and throat medicine.
He called a guy named Angel from Craigslist.
My purse was very small and on the side of my body.
She was preparing his bedroom and wanted to do something special.
Carolinna built a huge lead heading into the half.
She spent every summer doing it.
It was the biggest they ever built.
The reservoir filled up quickly and eventually overflowed.
One day she saw a raccoon sitting on her porch.
Nancy mowed the lawn.
He almost ran smack dab into a tree across it.
Bob has behavioral issues.
Shannon would always tell him to be careful.
Angel was a beautiful young girl.
I made reservations for the trip and a week later flew to Miami.
He was covered in dust from the day.
He chose to cut his classes instead.
He prepared some meat and vegetables for barbecue.
Inspecting the drum heads, he came across a device in the snare.
He told me there was a dragon in his room.
He was very excited and eager to start.
He would use lotions to try and hydrate his skin.
He had been studying for weeks.
It usually cost her two hundred dollars to get them done.
His favorite job is one he does online.
She cried when she saw any movie or commercial on TV.
She was nervous about it though.
He cried himself to sleep that night.
He was supposed to come for dinner tonight.
If she knew you needed something, she would try to help you get it.
He realized he ran out of sugar.
I called a repairman to help fix the problem.
It was raining out.
He concluded that the murder happened very recently.
It made his job that much harder.
He heard someone in Japan ask how he was.
But he has never been to one during the playoffs.
He found it impossible to find a job during that time.
So he bought gardening tools, plants, and seeds.
Him and his friends all played games.
He looked through the fridge, but he had nothing to eat.
She bought it would be easy.
She wanted a cute blue one for Spring.
He was desperate for a drink.
He was thinking about his future and decided on law school.
Everyday she would go and buy some from the store.
She said she was from Alaska.
I noticed he had something hanging from his nose.
He would fall asleep or play with his fingers.
Thinking it wasn't fully frozen, everyone said it was too early.
The rain was coming down so hard!
It had just snowed.
At the beginning there was a warning about disturbing content.
He was in awe watching the acrobats flip and fly through the air.
He went to the police station and filled out an application.
He wouldn't admit it but her husband was less attracted to her.
It was a big duplex house.
She decided to start with scrambled eggs.
Laura had never been before.
He was confused when it didn't come on.
Three hours after leaving, a storm arose suddenly.
She has a pushy personality and isn't well-liked.
And she was really anxious to try them.
Suzy made sure she had a head start.
It was late autumn and the leaves were turning beautiful colors.
She opened washing machine door.
The wind blew his hat away.
He wanted to drive home.
She goes on a cruise every summer.
The ball rocketed past the keep scoring his team a 1-0 lead.
He was new to the squad.
He ran outside to play.
His toothbrush was very dirty.
The instruments were too expensive for my family.
It is a bag and labeled cat.
He liked sea animals in general, but the octopus terrified him.
She knew it would be hot.
However, his school did not offer instruction in the oboe.
He told her there was a fur monster coming for her.
He enjoyed drawing futuristic landscapes.
One of my best times eating pizza was in New York.
She was running late this morning.
Everywhere he walked, people wished to touch his finely groomed beard.
She decided to buy new one.
Harry was eager to learn to play them.
Tila decided to go pick berries.
The fish was in a bag.
Suddenly his baby brother began playing near the screen.
So the single woman put an ad on Craigslist seeking a relationship.
He found a cool old coat for cheap.
But she really needed a loan for that.
They serve free coffee.
She got some meds.
He couldn't find a way to reconcile the two.
One morning, he woke up and felt too sick to go into the office.
For days, they crafted the invitations, placemats, and decorations.
John did not like Mary and her friends.
He thought they were doing alright.
But he knew moves with a basketball they couldn't imagine.
She looked everywhere to find where the smell was.
Though he liked adventure cartoons, this was a romance story.
Karyn didn't like following the rules of the game.
She bought a gadget that was supposed to help her.
He was in Italy once.
Today was my first day.
She went to the bathroom to take some pills.
She asked me if it was the class with the cute boy I liked.
Eventually he had picked it so much that it started to bleed.
They told their husbands they would be home in a few hours.
She had curly hair and many huge knots formed.
They got on the charter bus at 6 AM.
They convinced her to take a dive in.
Something immediately caught her eye.
He decided to learn to play the trumpet.
Only kitten survived being born.
Bill felt bad for Shelly.
She made a big pot of it.
He was disappointed at how bad they looked.
All of a sudden it started hailing.
As I got closer to an intersection I noticed sirens and lights.
She always thought he was flirting.
As he was running, he tripped.
He noticed an ad for a play starting that night.
He got ready for school.
He kept trying to give them water.
She put it on her list to Santa and hoped she would get one.
On a particularly narrow bend, he had to sneeze.
She enjoys helping people and earning money.
All the girls would laugh at her inability to hit.
Mother Teresa made miracles happen.
The night was dark but the glass was clear.
He ordered a burrito and a side of beans.
He thought it tasted very strange.
He decided to visit Germany, so he bought a train ticket there.
She used the same type of toothbrush every day.
It wasn't very pleasant but she couldn't compare it.
When she came home she saw a wasp nest in the corner of the room.
He heard some noise at the cans.
To celebrate I decided to buy new clothes.
She couldn't remember her friend's last name.
I was astonished to see how much weight I had gained.
I liked to play in it.
Her mom didn't have the money to spare but agreed anyway.
He was looking to buy an engagement ring for his girlfriend.
When she was finished she was left with a crumb-filled wrapper.
I invited all my friends and they all attended.
It was battery powered.
He was not feeling bad he just needed his checkup.
She was really embarrassed and didn't like them at all.
Will went to a plant nursery and bought a young tree.
They saw a huge gorilla in an enclosure.
They visit the graves of family members and burn paper money.
Will signed up for an online dating service.
She has bursitis and arthritis.
She went to school to write a math test.
He told everyone about it.
No one seemed to ever be on it.
She immediately went to put away her cold food.
He often couldn't make as many plays as the bigger boys.
He asked his dad why they didn't exist anymore.
He drove to the park to meet the rest of his team.
Jon decided to start a side business so he could get the money.
By loving girls so much, he willingly paid for sex and other things.
He could see into his neighbor's yard.
She had a bad feeling.
My wife invited her family.
She didn't know where they were going.
Right away they learned how to develop film.
He has been working there for 10 years.
Halfway across the desert, Tom's car broke down.
She start to mew.
She had been planning it for months.
He opened the beer while driving.
Sparky loved Gameboy very much.
This year I dread cooking all day and shopping all night.
As much as he liked to work out he hated cardio.
She got all the ingredients together.
Just before her next appointment, one earpiece broke.
One day the company's stock started plummeting.
Pat was looking for a way to become more happy.
Someone noticed a perfect bridge over water.
He didn't think he was getting paid fairly.
Will's dad had a history of skin cancer.
Suddenly the little boy picked up a handful of dirt.
They needed money for camp.
Since then, Emma had been terrified of the water.
As a result he was completely confident in his wilderness skills.
He hadn't paid his electric bill.
Suddenly she saw a box of pasta on the shelf.
A son was not very happy about it.
We went out to the store and bought all the supplies.
He got all the ingredients ready.
He made disparaging remarks about them.
They swapped ghost stories and ate snacks.
I didn't spend it wisely.
He started his career after he was fascinated by electricity.
While Bob was standing in line at a store he noticed a sign.
Since then their progress across France has been swift.
He wanted to paint so he got the landlord's permission.
I took it inside and opened up the package.
I could not watch my movie.
He sat in his hospital bed, staring out the window.
It was an album.
Little Sarah pulled up a recipe after doing a Google search.
Then there's this one customer who is so arrogant.
Yesterday, two known thieves came in.
She didn't know the sex.
I tripped and fell.
Their daughter would frequently cry in the middle of the night.
He saw a child running around the pool.
The entrance application required that he paint a picture.
She went to gym class and scored the winning soccer goal for her team.
He spent most of the season chasing cod.
They were all excited for the new game to come out.
Barry studied very hard for the test, and felt he would do well.
His wife had always been in charge of writing and sending the checks.
It was shutting down soon.
They had been friends for a long time.
With how busy they were they hadn't gone out a single time.
All of a sudden the internet went down.
She has been at the hospital for almost a week.
He tried for weeks to figure out what it was, unsuccessfully.
The ham he used was no longer good.
He was looking for a job.
When he arrived at the address, a burglar was there.
She was embarrassed at first.
Two men in suits were outside his door.
Her half Asian nieces came from DC to the wedding.
However I couldn't figure out what to do.
Her kids always dragged their feet and cost her time.
He agreed to go with her.
He saw what appeared to be a squirrel chasing a stick.
As she waited for the performance, she bragged about her daughter.
One day they took bath together.
The squirrel looked in his hand for nuts.
Will wasn't sure if he wanted to go.
He had heard reports of a clown trying to lure children.
They were up for a big contract.
He noticed a grocery list on the counter and decided to go shopping.
He thought it was going to be nauseatingly boring.
They were at the store trying to pick a color.
He was spending some time by himself after a long week at work.
Kate always smiled and said hello, but Justin could only blush.
My friends and I were wrestling in the grass.
It was the first week of practice.
I was riding through the park at a slow pace scouting animals.
I took it off the keyboard.
He got too stressed, he pulled an all-nighter.
Sara agreed and they went to the carnival.
He asked for a ride from his father and went over early one weekend.
Her lease didn't allow her to have any pets.
Predominantly it has been short cut.
Her hand shot out from the under the blanket to hit the snooze button.
He had been away for his stepmom's funeral.
She looks at her options to see if she can retire.
Her pickiness started to affect her health.
His grandfather was a terrible driver.
He realized he was out of ketchup.
Madison was very excited to put this dessert together.
She goes to the pet store to see if they have the dog breed she wants.
She wants to de-clutter by having a garage sale.
He passed out late.
He helped her get better in cross country.
He was heavily loaded.
One day Rita encountered a man in a suit who she had given a ticket.
He would have a large slice of pineapple with his lunch every day.
He started to shed tears from the onion.
He was nervous about it.
She was not expecting much.
Her first two courses had been great, and she only had dessert left.
He went to a cheap barber shop he hadn't tried before.
The judge announced that the other girl won the meet!
She decided to go to work anyway.
The caller said a bomb was planted in the police station.
He was bored.
His birthday was coming up.
She was on the school newspaper in high school and college.
He had not studied the driving booklet at all.
A new show she has been waiting for was just released for streaming.
She had wild mood swings.
She was even riding the school bus.
The game began at 10:10.
Tom was her husband.
He decided to get on Facebook.
He called me and asked if I wanted to come with or not.
Glenn had forgotten about this until the day before it.
The toddler giggled with delight at the new toy.
He spent a lot of money rebranding other people's games.
His parents were never supportive of his story writing talents.
He rarely got enough sun.
He was pretty good at it.
He was in his house getting ready when huge nerves struck.
Well, my boyfriend and I had problems for a while.
When She graduated, she decided to start using red ink.
She added it to her list of chores and set out for the day.
He often forgets to turn in homework.
There weren't any rest stops on the small back road he'd taken.
She saw a skinny, white cat.
He decided to try and fix it himself instead of paying for a plumber.
He got a flat tire.
She felt risky and decided to have another match.
His dad tried to teach Jamey to swim.
Amanda decided that she would take a acrobatic fitness class.
When she called and told him to get more chips from the store.
Max pulled on Emma's hair one day.
His entire life was building towards this moment.
It was one of the best things I've done in my life though.
One day he came home with a scarecrow to cut out and color.
She knew something might be going on with her.
He loved using his telescope.
He spent most of his days worrying about immigrants and racial purity.
He'd gotten separated from his crew on a hike.
He had a birthday coming up.
She was talking to her dad when suddenly she saw something.
She would like to make herself a delicious dinner.
When he was at home, he slept and watched video games.
Jim caught a catfish.
His wife was not very friendly and had a hard time making friends.
It got some pretty terrible fuel mileage to the gallon.
Since my class was in the portables, I got up quickly.
I wanted to watch the game at 7.
The wiring was old and dangerous.
She didn't mind it and even liked the dogs.
Over the years they built it larger.
I didn't know what to get him so I asked my mom.
Angel and her boyfriend were both of legal consenting age.
She was sitting on the stoop with a few of her friends.
She found some crayons and construction paper.
They two were very troubled but Shad was always a good kid.
His phone ran out of battery.
She was looking for a good concealer set.
She started replacing the concoctions with water.
She could not believe it.
His son had fallen and broke his leg back home.
He was a revolutionary mechanic who put their hometown on the map.
I opened it up and looked inside.
They had very few fans.
There were so many choices that she didn't know where to begin.
Unfortunately, he had already promised his mum he'd help her shopping.
Before going to the bus station,i looked for something to buy for her.
At the last game she played, she broke her leg.
His wife quickly phoned for an ambulance feeling very worried.
Her grandmother made them all the time, but her mother didn't bake.
Rachael was dating a boy named Mark.
It was a constant baying as if from a large beast.
I never realized air mattresses were so good.
She brought back many items.
As they inched along the wide corridors, the walls started to narrow.
I did not respond.
Sam didn't often ride his bike and had forgotten how to use the gears.
She was visiting her grandmother's grave.
My told me things I know he should not have.
He got sick the first day on board.
She had been asked to the prom by two different boys.
All of her friends went to classes with her.
Then the phone began to ring from the kitchen.
He lived off-campus and drove his car to school.
He absentmindedly sat down the cigar on a stack of newspapers.
She was introduced to an elderly man.
They were home to play the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
He saved money for almost 10 years before he could do it.
She bought all the ingredient for spaghetti.
She was planning on a relaxing month before she would give birth.
But she wanted to have a waffle for breakfast.
When he was patrolling, he saw a vehicle on the road.
He took forever to go pee.
Unfortunately she wasn't a very good driver.
He noticed someone there he didn't recognize.
She lit up and smoked it.
She was supposed to watch her kids.
I was a commuter, and did not live on campus.
It broke apart on the floor!
He had problems with his heart.
Timmy noticed something red sticking up out of the grass.
She gathered all the ingredients after reviewing the instructions.
Along the way, they passed a small building.
He tried to see how high he could swing himself.
She didn't like analog watches with arms.
They decided to stay out late.
She went to college during the day.
But, one day he got a flat.
This was his second time taking the test.
They'd sip hot chocolate with marshmallows and just enjoy it together.
In 1992, two brothers in their 20s lived on the third floor.
She decided to try to steal some clothes.
The road was near a bike, and walking path on a parkway.
It kept skipping and freezing.
He saw that it was a unique shape from millions of years of shaping.
I love the weather here in New England in the Fall.
We bought tons of candy to pass out to trick-or-treaters.
She was very cheerful, and tried to talk with him anyway.
He couldn't afford to buy another car so he had to walk to work.
His doctor prescribed him some eye drops.
He had worked with her at the women's shelter.
He wrote down the number.
Joshua thought having a goat would be fun.
She never went on one before.
They approached the house to find the source of the noise.
He asked her out on a date.
She had big plans to do nothing.
She pulled out the glue.
Suddenly she got a notification on her social media.
He still liked to spend time swimming at the lake.
To my surprise the girl I had a crush on was their.
One day a particularly rude customer yelled at him for no reason.
Last night he turned on the air-condition and a fan.
Our daughter did not have many friends.
It made her very depressed for a while.
His friend bought some cheap bullets.
Dying Easter eggs was his favorite.
He would go to every haunted house he could find.
When he went to put it away in the garage it was missing.
However, Alicia was excited to be seeing the giraffe exhibit.
Every morning he went out to his doorstep to get the newspaper.
On the paper in front of Henry was a list of 20 names all crossed out.
They had signed up for a painting class.
She needed hot dog buns for the party.
She even paid for a two-year gym membership.
Will went to his local sporting goods store.
Sonny was a loner, who was older than the rest.
Her friends made her go to a karaoke bar.
Me and my brother learned to be patient with her, and taught her.
She had a goal of borrowing five books.
Along the way I got quite thirsty.
He went to the library and started reading books.
They had a small party.
She tried several times but none were coming out.
Shortly after there was a strong storm.
Many people walked by and admired it.
She didn't know if she would make any progress.
He has several pairs of shoes as well.
When she got back she noticed a baby squirrel on the lawn.
He decided to cook some himself.
The two went to a cheap restaurant.
Never one to pay prices at the theaters for snacks, I was frustrated.
John got nervous.
I flipped the light switch off.
After sleeping late, she enjoyed a nice big breakfast of pancakes.
One week he worked 100 hours.
Tom thought he was going to be best man.
His father had a bad drug problem.
Brad thought it would be embarrassing if anybody saw them.
They wore matching shirts.
The two had been fighting and suddenly he said he wanted to break up.
One day Zaddyfrack's owner brought him over.
She told her mom.
When she had enough saved, she went to the toy store.
They finished the gymnasium and were building a new bathroom.
He didn't know what to expect of the experience.
He noticed it was draining his battery more.
He begged his parents to let him keep it.
He was using his pocket knife.
The cats seemed to love when Glenn played with them with the toy.
He got into his car to go to the pizza parlor.
When he opened the door, no one was there.
She uses her bike for transportation.
They were giving away bobbleheads that day.
His parents figured he would make a good engineer someday.
And they were playing music really loudly.
She needed a new dress for the dance.
One day her teacher mentioned it and encouraged her to try.
The coach wanted him to be at his best.
They finally found the perfect one.
It was a show that took place in the 20th century.
He seemed happy to get it.
The cops didn't know what to do, because he was underage.
She knew she looked beautiful in it.
As she was polishing her last nail, her cat came running.
His wife handed him the can opener and said that is better.
Winter came and the ground was too slippery for running.
Doctor told him he should start to play some wind instrument.
They were exploring some narrow canyons.
She always expressed a dislike for cards.
His friend Tony was also at the gas station.
She was happy to watch it grow.
Traffic was all tied up.
As a Muslim, she now had to wear a hijab to school.
His friend suggested cutting out cocacola.
But she didn't try on it.
Sue was sure they were going to get engaged.
So she asked her to do the dishes.
The rules were complicated so they all read them out loud.
I had to watch her measure the ingredients.
She was nice and cozy eating snacks.
She was done playing with her stuffed toys, so it was time to sleep.
Liz and her friends wanted to go on it.
I was in a lot of pain.
This way she was able to reach the snow on the passenger side.
He'd crashed his car and gotten fired.
One day she came over dressed in a bathrobe.
She went on the first ride she saw.
He went inside of the tent after it was set up.
They allowed the institute to install cameras around their home.
He usually had decaf.
He was hosting a big party in honor of his birthday.
I always thought it was too dirty to clean.
The weather is nice and brisk.
She couldn't decide on what kind of windows to use.
They had to go up on stage.
Her vendor had forgotten to deliver the ketchup packets.
Kesha slipped on her swimsuit.
He stopped at a restaurant in the middle of nowhere.
As a kid I begged my parents to order pizza from them.
Her clothes were still full of soap after the final rinse.
But one morning, there was a long line at his local coffee shop.
Her cat was sick.
He stopped on the gas station to buy some food.
He decided he would begin visiting the gym more often.
She decided to make her some soaps.
One of her courses started today.
But before buying my own guitar i have to learn how to play it.
John and Bob decided they would go to the park to get a spot to watch.
I took off of work in preparation and packed everything up.
He'd been neglecting to pay the rent for his apartment.
He ran into a rattlesnake.
Suddenly he just fell off his stool.
When the vet examined Dot, he found that she had worms.
They wanted to start a band together.
She was great in the kitchen.
His friend thought of a random road trip.
She sent the friend flowers from a secret admirer.
Jan was inexperienced and afraid that she would mess up.
She helped all her fellow students with all their needs.
Every weekend he gave some parties there to entertain his friends.
One day he saw a beautiful violin in a shop window.
Karen wanted Mike to sell his motorcycle.
She racked her money up and decided to purchase some.
Her owner is Martha.
I didn't know what was inside.
One day a customer came to see some cars.
He practiced at the batting cages every day.
The class I was on the trip with voted on something important.
She had worked all summer to buy the perfect heels.
She was afraid of losing him.
Throughout the forest, it continued to move in a straight path.
It was the first time she had been in there since he died.
She decided to go fishing to catch her own.
A month later, Ben saw her boyfriend cheating on her.
She went to the parts store.
They invited me to dinner.
She tries burping him but no avail.
One day, her grandfather invited her to the beach.
His mother took him out to eat once a week.
His bathtub was an old cast iron model.
She decided to cook for her family.
He wanted to advertise it.
At one moment, she fell asleep on her table.
Mom told her to buy four things.
I didn't understand what she meant.
Erica was a cute girl.
He thought it was too uncomfortable.
His stomach was hurting even in his sleep.
She had forgotten to get her passport!
He noticed a rumbling in his stomach.
She asked him to help decorate the Christmas tree.
She wanted to stay up a little bit longer.
One day a college intern asked to play.
Jane went to the store.
He was waiting for the ding-dong-ditcher to come by again.
He drank way too much.
They load the boat into the lake and take off.
There were a lot of patients there.
Her favorite song came on.
She had spent the summer studying and parallel parking.
As he leave the supermarket he noticed his change was not enough.
An hour later, he noticed a strange smell in the living room.
The police were responding to a call.
He decided to go muddin in it.
He is looking for a band to join.
She then left the room for a moment.
She brought all of her family along for the exciting ultrasound.
He tried to weight lift alone.
She noticed a sign for some school ballet tryouts.
He spent half the day out on the lake but had no luck.
The noise bothered his neighbor, Matt.
They reminded me of my childhood.
The gift was to go to a football game.
He ran into one at the mall.
She studied every day and asked her teacher questions.
She has her cable box, a roku, a dvd player and a blu ray player.
He broke her heart not that long ago.
It was held in New Britain, CT.
She was asked to play the part of a vampire.
He tried to open his drawer to get a pen.
When she took a bite she felt a pain in her tooth.
The closer to Christmas, the more miserable she became.
She gives to charity.
She stayed up all night studying.
Gustav went to see the strong man show one last time.
While at the shopping complex, he saw a beautiful piano.
She started writing songs when she was in high school.
She asked me to try wearing condoms, so I said okay.
It is an upscale coffee shop with nice pastries.
My little brother was sick but wanted to go anyway.
He had been smart with his pay from his movie days, and owned a home.
I noticed a nest sitting in a tree.
The last time she told a joke to a group of people, it ended badly.
He still ended up breaking one of the fragile wind sensor's wings.
They travelled to Texas to do it.
It had been awhile since Richard last saw his grandfather.
She always researched the best breeds, food, and toys.
His tooth hurt.
They rolled the dice to get the highest number.
And eventually, he developed health problems.
The two of them were arguing over a movie they liked.
I wanted to take out some fish.
They took a break from the rides to eat lunch.
He made a log fall over instead.
He told his friend he needed to make a lot more money and fast.
However, Andy was stopped by his son who wanted to help.
I tried drying it off in rice.
The boys had a ton of fun.
Johnny decided to do it himself.
She had just learned how to play the week before.
Will did not want to do this, not being a good skater.
Everyday after school he worked out and drilled wrestling moves.
He looked at people on the street imagining their names in real life.
He was very excited to show it off to all of his friends.
The candle made the house smell wonderful.
A friend bought some high gravity IPAs.
She was forgetting to pay her bills.
He got a sandwich and some chips.
She didn't have enough money to get it repaired.
After hours the power was restored, and the computers were started.
He decided to get a tattoo.
She was on the phone with her mom telling her about it.
She organized a moving sale, even though she wasn't moving.
But his parents told him it was too dangerous.
One day she opened her wastebasket.
He decided to get a golden retriever puppy.
All his friends drank often.
She was about to be deployed.
Suddenly, a car backs up and almost hits Donald's son.
And he became very obsessed with playing it.
The clouds were getting dark.
She took a pregnancy test consequently and found out she was expecting.
During his last game of the week he tripped in a gopher hole.
Rita believes the divorce was the best thing that could have happened.
She decided to check the weather before she went.
Corn on the cob was her favorite.
Kate would pick on Steven so much, he cried.
He even moved from Chicago to New York City for her.
He was helping friends inflate balloons.
Johnny approached his mother to ask her for a telescope.
Jason wanted to buy a paddle boat.
Her waiter hadn't been around to take their orders.
He didn't catch it and the Frisbee went downhill.
She ran into a ton of road blocks along the way.
He invited all of his friends to a party he's throwing Saturday night.
Because her bills continued to come in, she needed extra money.
I was rooting for Carolina, because I am not a Manning fan.
She couldn't eat and drink anything.
I looked up how much it would cost to visit Paris.
His Dad didn't even know Sparky had more homework to do.
I was driving from Kansas City to Indiana in the snow.
He was running in the parking lot.
Suddenly, one of his blades came off his shoe.
Suddenly she heard a loud noise and her tire popped.
He lived with his girlfriend in Alabama.
She did not feel good.
His grill was cheap and was producing a ton of smoke.
He finally got one for his seventh birthday.
He had been overweight for a very long time.
He explained to the children how the gyroscope worked.
She could not find a cab anywhere.
One day James found the cleaners and chemicals under the sink.
His wife, Gina, was waiting for him in the bedroom.
One day on a hike he came upon a narrow bridge across a cliff.
He told her that he planned on becoming a doctor.
She forgot to eat breakfast in the morning.
He was on the way to school when approached by bullies.
He walked out to his garage to grab his bike.
He hoped that one day he would be a great singer.
He figured he would hit on a girl.
His friends knew he didn't drink.
Will bought her a cute cardboard lemonade stand.
He rode a motorcycle and smoked cigarettes.
She headed to her country club store to buy some.
He was on a motorcycle and asked her to join him.
She was excited to go because her favorite band was playing.
It was late at night.
The wind started to pick and and things were blowing around.
So she decided to go there and buy bread.
She heard an announcement for a free gift giveaway.
They never show it anymore.
He wished it would rain.
One day she noticed several large caterpillars in her garden.
He sneezed and sniffled throughout the summer.
Amy loved easter sunday because of the chocolate.
He saw a big ad for an art contest hosted by the bank.
She told him she could make him rich by selling weed.
They didn't treat it well.
He threw it in the trash.
The bragging became obnoxious to all of her friends on the track team.
He allegedly touched one of Mike's daughters.
After they graduated they both went to college in Texas.
He asked his parents for one.
He had been taken in by the state but he ran away.
Suddenly she heard a huge crash in her son's room.
It was absolutely amazing.
When they retired, they both had a long discussion.
The sky started to look very stormy.
She was excited to catch the ice cream man.
He wasn't a very good dancer.
She was excited about getting her first paycheck.
He felt that they were one of the few bastions of unbiased journalism.
The boys bet on who would catch the most fish that day.
He was fascinated by all the exhibits and artifacts.
Kristopher knew he wasn't qualified but he applied anyway.
She had been working all day with the elephants.
When I cooked them, they tasted awful.
He was trying to reach the cookie jar.
He grew up watching every Lakers game at home on TV.
But then they began to pass the collection plate.
He needed a suit but he was broke.
He was alarmed to see that the subway was empty.
My car keys were nowhere to be found.
So proud, in fact, that he thought they deserved an award.
He had won dozens of cases in his short career.
Even though it had been raining heavily, she decided to hike that day.
He trains hard everyday, and really loves the game.
He went to the deep end of the pool.
His card was rejected.
He started to take lessons.
She was scared of the noise and the instruments.
They have a good running back and a solid defense.
She got to the hotel.
He got into martial arts as a teenager.
He was on his way to the farmer's market to sell some corn.
They had planned on going out to eat first at a local place.
He tried going to Subway.
On Monday morning he spilled coffee on his shirt.
He was able to make a wish thanks to a charity.
We went every year, but this year in particular stood out.
She did her daily chores of cleaning the house and cooking.
Binch was embezzling money from the company, hoping to not be caught.
Her husband Mark tried to be supportive.
This controller was wireless and I did not have to plug it in.
Prissy loved to run in the dining room.
She thought it wouldn't be that expensive.
She thought the pig would stay little and cute.
They went to the pool every day.
He hoped no one else had heard the noise.
He went to his neighbor's recycling can and took all his cans.
One of the first cassette tapes I ever had was hip hop.
He tried to become the best fencer in the world.
His friends invited him to go out.
He ran in to tell his superior officer what he discovered.
The wind blew so hard that trees fell down.
They wanted to get something to eat, but didn't know what.
It turns out he broke his arm.
He skipped it across the pond.
The same day her best friend found out she was also pregnant.
Once, when she was about to check out, she was missing her coupons.
For some reason the key seemed jammed.
She talked Ana through making a stew in her Crock Pot.
They were at home against the Cleveland Browns.
He dropped it.
My parents moved to America before I was born.
She is trying to decide what to wear.
My dad drove me to the DMV.
Scandalous rumors began to appear in tabloid newspapers.
She did not know the person at the door.
Luckily, she was safe.
They had decided to take turns choosing what to see.
He decided to teach a class on supply and demand.
I drove it to the store.
He could lift hundreds of pounds and run miles with 100 rucksacks.
Jill decided to fix up the house and live in it.
She would have guests talking about current affairs.
She was screaming about me about a cake she bought last week.
He loved retelling old stories, ignoring the present.
There is a small building on the edge.
Washing an elephant was the first activity of the day.
The stroller hit a bump in the stairs.
His plants weren't growing.
A radical group named MOVE were the combatants against the police.
He and his crew were sent to the midwest to track some bad weather.
She was hungry so she also snacked on some blue hard candy.
Whenever it rained, I let it ruin my whole day.
While I was there I decided to try out the newest roller coaster.
He would do anything to get the attention of a girl.
Will ordered it to be shipped overnight.
She said that she will pick him up.
She planted a dozen flowers.
The washing machine, and Stephanie, were in the basement.
He had failed it once before.
Carla was devastated that her dog was gone.
He looked up at the ceiling.
One night, they decided to order some for dinner.
After trying many different options, she developed a good recipe.
She challenged the other housekeepers to a clean off of sorts.
Tom wanted a romantic first date.
She was a bit constipated.
Trisha wanted to get the attention of her classmates.
He heard a loud crash in his living room.
I wasn't very good.
They did not have gloves and scarfs.
I couldn't blame him, the guy he fought was a real big jerk.
After school and on weekends, all the kids would group up together.
Suzy did not want to have fun with her bag on her shoulder.
By Monday, the paint still wasn't dry.
He practiced every day.
The thief hadn't known that the car had a GPS tracker!
One day she realized the picture had slipped off.
She was so excited.
So he went out and bought a very large bag.
She usually tries to eat fish or chicken instead of any red meat.
He had trained Nero, his Rottweiler, for over a year.
She really just needed to sit down.
He finally got the courage to quit his job.
There was a magician in the park.
Her mom is an Anglo-Indian with very foreign mannerisms.
She wished that the earth was colder.
She tried to listen carefully.
Finally I saw her yesterday while visiting my mother.
She'd listen to them twitter and tweet and give them seeds in return.
She wanted to make him a romantic dinner.
He sat down and listened to the sounds of the city.
She went to the local market to get all the supplies.
She heard a sound as an object was sucked into the vacuum.
They were on a boat in the ocean collecting specimens.
He was playing his playlist.
Cindy saw a candy bar she wanted but didn't have the money to buy it.
She was singing a song while doing it.
He woke up and realized he had peed the bed.
John struggled to come up with new ideas.
He had studied all week but he didn't understand anything.
Will toasted the couple at the rehearsal dinner.
She decided to get her haircut.
She needed to deposit her paycheck.
She repeatedly asked them to stop, but they wouldn't.
It was summer in a hot climate, so night rides were ideal.
She was watching a sad movie.
Andy's friend suggested he take I-75 for a faster route.
He wasn't old enough to drink.
There was a recital at his church.
I could not reach it by myself.
She applied for a college in her city.
He forgot to bring his music.
It was lasagna.
While there they ran into many other friends from college.
The rides were not that well inspected.
He sat it on the shelf in his dining room.
He spent every day practicing katana moves and wearing a kimono.
But they were interested in adoption.
He looked at the book and saw it had pages.
He looked over to his opponent Sorbol Smoalbol.
He was too shy to be direct.
She was very proud of herself.
A truck began tailgating her while beeping its horn.
He was given not so great odds.
She invited an ex coworker, Mary.
They went to a gemstone mine.
It was a delightful warm day.
Not only did they play music all day, but they banged the walls.
The Barnes family decided it was time to hang Christmas lights.
I still enjoy to go back to visit my family that is there.
Everything went well so far.
His mother took them there often.
One day he was booked by a company to play a set at a club.
As she sat down, she heard other kids grumbling.
They raced to see who could push one with his nose the fastest.
She let her cat up in the house in case it rained before she returned.
I said okay.
I poured a cup and sat it on the table.
She sat quietly and smiled.
It was the first time I played in a while.
Sam couldn't remember how big the birdbath was so he dug it wide.
Of course, this was not the worst hair brained idea this teen had.
I finished it and then went to sleep.
However, she had a serious case of writer's block.
They set up base right on the mountain.
As she didn't have kids, she was alone in the world.
He finally found the one he wanted.
They all performed funny poses in it and enjoyed themselves.
He kept losing fights.
They found a basketball in the garage.
She loved it for the first few weeks.
The turtle seemed to be struggling to walk.
She got a friend to help with flowers.
He saved up money to buy tickets to a live event.
Gradually, however, she's discovered some serenity in solitude.
Alexa liked singing, dancing and telling jokes.
He noticed some rustling in the bushes.
Thought that he should buy a bike.
Will talked with his friends, who were all undecided as well.
They thought their lemonade was the best ever.
He hated the idea of retiring but knew he should.
He sat on the toilet while I read him books.
She knew her grandmother liked to read, and bought her a kindle.
When his mouse froze, he couldn't control the playback.
His father expected him to go into ministry after high school.
She was checking the size of the bag when she saw an ad.
She invited a boy she thought was cute.
They released an album but one group member wasn't liked.
Harry wanted to have a snowball fight.
She notices her husband's pants have a hole in them.
She talked a lot in his class.
She whined and refused to talk to anyone.
He was the star on his team from grade 6 on up.
The two parents were wrapped up in a heated discussion.
As soon as he continued driving, another car accelerated.
I have my suit on and I'm ready to go.
Her parents disagreed.
His alarm clock beeped loudly.
But his punches and kicks didn't hurt his opponent.
She gets excited over it.
He filled out his application in one night.
They invited him over for dinner.
When I get called to teach, sometimes it is an emergency.
They are made by Audio Technica.
He used to hate when we played Michael Jackson Thriller.
So I went home and I watched a movie all night.
Someone bought chips.
He also had a good impression of her motives.
She overslept for the class so missed her breakfast.
She was trying to keep up but felt really sick.
She wanted to try something new and surprise him.
He didn't realize he would get so motion sick.
He quickly ran to the store.
Don finally gave Andrea his class ring.
I told him that I would be late on rent.
Pete was reading his daughter a story.
But Sarah knew she didn't have medicine that looked like her sister's.
All of his snakes were not poisonous.
He traveled by airplane.
She wanted to change the wallpaper on her phone.
She tried drinking herbal tea.
It seemed friendly at first.
She doesn't like to be cooped up in bed for long.
Dodging garbage and junkies on a Saturday, out dressed for fun.
It was surrounded by woods.
He learned to play the violin.
He went to the mall instead.
However, bees loved to collect nectar from flowers.
He was a much loved pubstar, and everyone praised his antics.
She threw two eggs onto to it, followed by salt.
He set up a test to measure the chemicals off-gassed by plastic.
It was adorned with tiny shiny crystals.
Fran kept spilling food trays at her new job.
My friends would be mad at the hot water.
It was dark and he heard some growls.
Kia was surprised, since they were a conservative couple.
They chatted back and forth before exchanging email addresses.
It was my least favorite subject in school.
After a long night of partying, he was ready to go home.
She had a two-year old daughter, Amanda.
The guy wanted to impress her.
He was looking for colleges to go to.
They decided to go do something fun together.
We were outside building a snowman.
He was very scared.
She took it home with her other crafts.
One day she asked her best friend Tom to tutor her.
It was made of glass.
He picked up a bat beside the bed and walked down the stairs.
He thrived in the strict military conditions.
He wanted to change that.
However, she is afraid that she won't be pretty if she cuts it short.
I've wanted to be a doctor since I was five.
Just as he was about to eat it, the phone rang.
The day before had been terrible for work.
They decided to have a campfire.
He got tested for STD's.
She told everyone she had health problems.
Her hair was looking rather dull.
Her sister and brother did not.
I always get nervous trying something new.
Matt bet him twenty dollars that he couldn't.
Suddenly catastrophe struck as none of the dresses fit.
She went to the store and bought seeds.
One day she asked a gallery if they would show one of her paintings.
She was quite interested in it.
Before doing anything, everyone decided to eat some food.
On the way to the park she met a friend Lucy.
One day he got an invite to a party.
But he was stuck on the first page.
He'd throw it against the garage wall, and catch it again.
She did not have quite enough money.
She wanted to know if she was having a boy or a girl.
I went to the store to buy some.
He started his first day nervously.
And he used it as his normal writing writing instrument.
She went up to the counter and ordered a cone.
She suspected she may be pregnant.
He forgot his keys in his apartment.
She really liked anime.
It was late to arrive.
He wanted to do most of the work himself.
I ordered three different spicy tacos.
One day her mailman put someone else's mail in her mailbox.
Her mom played her some private lessons.
Her brother docked the boat and hopped to shore.
So when she got married she thought of a cute favor.
He met a cute girl in the ice cream parlor.
She made them up before bed for her sister.
They came tumbling in with their giant shoes and tiny cars.
He made the arrangements and showed up two hours early with his truck.
One summer, needles were turning brown and dropping alarmingly.
Tommy was completely enthralled by the antics at the monkey exhibit.
It started by me giving people rides for a small fee.
He was able to go this last Saturday.
A bully nearby threw pebbles at Charles.
He and his girlfriend had been dating for years.
It was his first time.
He never shredded his mail, and he put his address on Facebook.
He had slipped on the ice and hit his face on the sidewalk.
They were driving on the road to their destination.
Not wanting to kill it he tried to capture it in a wide mouth jar.
They were at the vet trying to help him.
In the classroom, the teacher called Harry to give his report.
From his study, Will heard his daughter crying.
Her little brother took her nice shoes and ran off with them.
They set the wedding day for July 1 and could hardly wait.
He always got good grades in his other classes, but math was hard.
Then one day she was in an accident.
HIs mother said he had to clean it.
He was hanging by his hands from the scaffolding.
Mike found a lot of good things there at a very good price.
Amy sat in a chair while a woman braided her hair.
She didn't know much about chickens and thought this was normal.
She bought one a while ago but never learned how to play.
There were hamburgers cooking and people swimming.
After a few drinks he decided he was going to bet money on the game.
He performed a successful heart bypass.
They enjoyed the elephants and the acrobats.
He got caught up with the wrong crowd.
I had a lot of emails taking up space.
I decided not to wear a jacket to school.
The 3rd boy hadn't arrived.
The vet told Ralph that his dog had gum disease.
They decided they understood some basic truths about life.
He could eat candy for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
He ordered a dozen glazed donuts to eat before lunchtime.
His mother said he had to eat it.
My doctor told me I needed to exercise.
She has finished all of the steps in the recipe except grating cheese.
He contended that peach went well with everything.
She couldn't find the remote anywhere.
Her best friend Sara said what she was doing was demeaning to women.
He needed to clear his mind.
He never had anything to do.
He was excited for summer break.
She needed to take a cab to the hospital.
He applied for a credit check so he could get a mortgage.
The manager had a lot of questions.
The customer was delighted with the service by Chad.
However, his small town has very few jobs available.
She stood in line at his dressing room during his appearance.
He decides that it will be special to bake her a cake.
A man died, and while trying to administer CPR I had to urinate.
One guy said the fish in the river were small.
After his first day, he asked if he could walk home with her.
Stu's sister started crying.
One day the fence for his pig pen was sabotaged.
But her can opener was broken!
Phil was not a big fan of the beach.
She ran to the bathroom.
He had to walk to the store.
It took her a long time to get caught up on her work.
She ran against Frank.
He decides that he needs to lose weight quickly.
He ran around finding every egg he could.
He was really late and about to be shut off.
Suddenly a lightning bolt struck the road about 50 meters ahead.
He was at a red light when someone wanted to race.
He was very worried about how he would pay bills.
The mechanic found a serious problem with the car's body.
He studied very hard in school.
Dan's friends thought he had lost his mind.
He bought some bug spray but the ants kept coming back.
His friends thought arcades were old-fashioned are uninteresting.
A running is coming toward him.
They checked  in to their  hotel.
She told Carly that she had a gift for her.
I tiptoed through the house so that I wouldn't wake him.
He checked his kitchen for some food.
I bet a friend that he could drink six beers in one hour.
The boy scout troupe watched them blaze away into the darkness.
She was ten years old and felt like an adult, after all!
We visited the Virginia aquarium.
He told his friends and family this but they didn't believe him.
She carried the tired children into the new house, and they all slept.
He hid it in his bedroom.
This change in weather caught Kelly by surprise.
But her fruits never flourished and her vegetables were small.
Their house had no heat except for a wood burning stove.
Laura wanted to go on a cruise near the beach.
He decided to rent one room out and save some money.
She read in a magazine tofu was better than meat.
However, sometimes he finds that he is very hungry.
He found a violin he liked.
Suddenly, her date grabbed her hands and looked into her eyes.
She couldn't find it.
He looked online and saw the one he wanted was expensive.
He visits the local store to buy several cotton swabs.
But she decides she needs to cook at home more to save some money.
He got into his car and began to drive.
He had been put on many different medications but nothing worked.
Weather reports predicted heavy mudslides from an upcoming storm.
He joined the local parkour club.
Susan wrote a letter to Santa.
She went shoe shopping every week.
We walked to the park and bought tickets.
She put some chicken nuggets in the oven.
When I saw him, he looked completely terrible.
She was always finding glitter on her clothes and skin.
But as summer came, it almost never rained.
She kicked him out of the apartment one night.
His parents noticed this and bought him a dog.
I paid a lot of money to get the tickets on Broadway.
They were getting ready to leave for work when they heard the siren.
She prayed fervently that she'd survive her radiation therapy.
He decided to play basketball instead of study.
I decided to enter the gold mining industry.
When someone called on her name, she lifted her head.
He had contracted the flu.
He never got picked for kickball!
They were in the back yard when a fight broke out.
She did not have time to eat.
He decided to take a Spanish class.
When he moved to a small apartment for work, he had to get rid of her.
He was sure there was nothing wrong with his eyes.
But she and her friends had no money for shopping.
She was growing more and more afraid with each passing week.
Usually when they hang out, they just go to stores.
He decides he needs to have his eyes examined.
She decided to purchase a lottery ticket.
He had only a loaf of bread left.
She would receive fresh vegetables and fruit from a local farm.
He had long ago drilled a well just to water it.
Each one would be a different kind of cat.
She decided she must see Napa one day.
I never saw a bee flying around with a small bucket.
Her glasses fell off her face into the dirt.
One child argued that Jack Frost was evil for bringing cold.
It was Thanksgiving and they wanted a tradition.
She really wanted to win.
I worked at a transit authority.
She got a job in Nashville.
It was the meanest bird ever.
She was trying to concentrate on her studies.
She played goalie and she was afraid her team would lose.
A group of kids older than us started to walk closer to us.
She decided to get fit.
He let me pick out a gun.
He knew getting a puppy would be expensive.
We would pick teams and start playing.
Sadly, Sam died in a car accident.
He set up his camera and began to look for birds.
At the end, he made a dirty joke.
He studied hard and got great grades in school.
You don't always get to make the most of situations.
They rent a house and stay for the summer.
Her new sisters told her she had to dress differently.
She did not want to continue working at her job.
But he thought he had a good reason to fight a co worker.
He especially hated vegetables.
She wanted to get in shape.
He strapped on his shoes only to find out he needed new shoes.
The mother asked her daughter what was she drawing?
He drove to her house to pick her up.
Her brothers and sisters all wanted to visit the giant globe.
Her complaints to her parents fell on deaf ears.
It was really slow.
One year they decided to make their vacation extra special.
She was spending more money than she made.
He noticed that one of his friends was crying.
Despite her husband's misgivings, they had the carpet installed.
Two of the three kids hit the pillow and fall asleep.
I bought every pair I could find.
But someone approached him and asked for money.
One day Tom got a new bike.
As the summer wore on Gina grew tired of her bossy friend.
She was really enjoying her meal.
They were friendly from class.
He would garage sail, as he called it, every summer for treasure.
I decided to sneak some candy in my purse.
Suddenly it began to snow very hard everyday.
She went online and found a company that would pay her to write.
So her and her friends started making prank calls.
I got to play in the snow.
He decides to transfer his job to Florida.
She tried to get it published.
I closed my eyes and rolled over before I remembered it was Sunday.
Jim decided to quit his job and take care of his dad in his home.
I missed the bird entirely.
All of a sudden one of her students caught paper on fire.
His father was a know it all, stern, stereotypical alpha male.
She needed investors.
They began to argue.
Norma still needed to put some baskets together for her children.
I parked in the handicapped space so dad wouldn't struggle.
Jo opened the present and found an electronic reader.
I ordered a veggie burger.
She liked her heritage and was proud of it.
All his coworkers have already left the office.
She particularly enjoyed jumping around the house.
They asked him what his favorite part had been.
The tattoo artist had a cold, but was wearing gloves.
My dad turned on the news to hear about a blizzard in our area.
Once he got there, he promised to turn everything around.
They were approached by the ranger as they were about to set up camp.
We went to a Japanese restaurant.
I bought my own recording equipment for singing.
He asked his friends for recommendations.
Some of the dry out better than others.
They tortured them for almost two days.
He kept asking her what the prize was.
He opted to go without his parents.
She tried to get it published but no one wanted to publish it.
The boys immediately went to the coasters when they got there.
His favorite was pasta so I cooked it.
He needed a new pair of boots.
He moved his leg and the table fell over.
She decided it was a good idea to fix it.
At the stop, he filled the truck with gas and chatted with others.
Bill didn't have enough money for presents for her.
The gig did not pay well.
John browsed classified ads online and in newspapers.
Ed was lost on a small tertiary road.
She struggled to finish all the paperwork required.
Every day I practiced for many hours.
She stood in the hall watching him talk and laugh with friends.
She decided that she needed to learn the basics of computers.
She usually made intelligence decisions and trades.
Meaghann invited Chad to read the sign.
Three of the girls lived in fear of one of the roommates.
On the day of her wedding he was there on time.
She and her friends got ready together and then went.
Susan ordered the pasta.
Kelly's friend told Eric that she loved going out for brunch.
First he balled up the snow.
When they arrived she searched for the biggest pumpkin she could find!
Since my girlfriend was coming later, I ordered pizza.
He was trying to intimidate his opponents.
She was overwhelmed with the amount of work.
The concert was sold out and they had not gotten tickets.
But she was too shy to go by herself.
They went to magic kingdom & Epcot.
On the trip to the museum, Tom did not disappoint.
Her parents had caught her cheating years ago and grounded her.
For his last bath, it took three people to wrestle him into the tub.
He poured water and rice in a pot  and set it on the stove.
He boils the water and drops the pasta in.
My parents made me go until I was fifteen.
All he wanted was a friend to play with.
Her little sister was bored.
I got very drunk.
He sat in the back of the theater and watched a karate movie.
Angela revealed that she taken a chunk of lava rock.
I had never seen a game in person though.
Brian saw it coming though.
I wanted beer, because I wanted to watch a football game.
I scoured the car for my keys.
Her doctors told her it was possible but unlikely.
He waited in line for a pizza.
For his birthday, his family took him to chuck e cheese.
All of a sudden another car pulled up.
As trees were stripped from their roots, many houses broke down.
Everyone got annoyed, including Elena.
I made friends with a deaf woman who had a new baby.
They had buckets of food to feed the animals.
He first found his dad very quickly.
One year, Alex felt his family wasn't as excited as he was.
He wasn't the nicest of kids either.
Whenever the neighbors came to visit her, she would be very gracious.
She was not good at baking, so she was nervous!
We had to come up with choreography and then perform it.
She played basketball with the boys and climbed trees.
He would watch his dad practice for hours.
He hadn't completed it.
He decides he needs something to do outside of work.
The teacher described how Billy distracts the other students in class.
He learned a way to buy one sandwich and get one free.
He often complained to his mom that he wanted the bike.
He tried to start a crazy 8s club in his school.
I listened to the trivia questions every day at noon.
His parents were happy he wanted to.
She thought it was the strangest gift she had ever received.
The instructor was her age and the rest were teenagers.
Reggie went to the dentist and saw another patient exiting in pain.
The bus boys kept bringing in dirty dishes to the dishwasher.
The dentist told Mike he had three cavities.
She put in 2 quarters into the machine.
The instructor told him that he had to face his fears.
She told Cindy the candy was off-limits.
She was on her way home from work whistling.
Alas, it is quite expensive.
He read superhero comics constantly.
The frozen aisle had no frozen fish.
It had overtaken him completely.
She went to the edge of the river Seine.
There was a beautiful Catholic Church on Shawmut Avenue.
He buys a book about it online.
He decided to use that day to read his first book.
She was worried about impressing Ivy and she tried very hard.
So, I bought all the necessary ingredients from the market.
He graduated with a degree in communications.
Once it got dark, she gathered up blankets and hot chocolate.
He ran over his ship and began to pull ropes.
He spent many hours of his free time watching birds.
Throughout high school, he took advanced English classes.
She looked everywhere and then went outside.
He had two hours left.
No matter how close he got he couldn't find the end.
He wanted it to come out so bad.
He went to the store to have it done.
It was due to his poor keyboard ergonomics at work.
She was excited because her mother always used fake trees.
They left their belongings in the living room to eat dinner.
This was an annual tradition with his family.
She did not have much ambition in life and was happy there.
She would eat one everyday as a snack.
To her surprise, she saw her parents eating Santa's cookies.
She lives in New York, while the shower was in California.
They saw the bears, lions and tigers.
But she didn't have enough time to look for good sources.
She was excited but nervous for her first day ever.
everyone went down to the storm shelter.
She was so nervous to go in.
While driving to the bath house he realized his car was low on gas.
My wife had just used it.
His first day was rough.
It was hard to focus in class today since I was freezing.
He tried every sandwich shop in the city.
People kept walking by and tripping on my power cord.
Mezil was born in America so he didn't know what Kenya was like.
Gina was ecstatic.
I decided to major in civil engineering in college.
At the dance, my crush asked me to dance with her.
As a result, she tried to use a public telephone.
Chad went to the home improvement store for an idea.
After a while, Matt got very angry and threatened John.
I put on my boots and went outside.
The two of them loved spending time together.
This usually means a rotor is warped.
She hired a private investigator to find them.
We were on a huge boat with a captain.
When we got to sleep we would often fight over the cover.
She could hardly wait!
He felt very refreshed and ready to enjoy his day off.
He had his baseball magazines ready for reference.
Island Gems is home to a 25 foot tall triceratops statue.
I am getting better and more confident.
Tim accidentally broke them.
He had all the plans drawn out and the measurements all taken.
He has always been a great runner.
She took archery lessons.
I knew my boyfriend had become distant, but I trusted him.
I decided to take a trip to dillard's.
We always find a few sacs of frog's eggs floating around in the water.
I was bored so I played against the computer.
I went to the doctor and he said I had a fever.
She was so excited about getting a phone at last.
But he didn't have any buns.
The conversation was going on forever.
She needed to get away from her dorm mate Sue.
She didn't get off work until 6:30.
He grabbed a shovel and headed outside.
She could not bend her knee to kneel down at church.
He was out once and never returned.
Kelly couldn't wait to be an aunt.
She was married in 2010.
It came out raw with red in the middle.
He watched the old man ahead of him get out of his car.
She thought it was delicious.
He had a genius idea.
The girls were able to create their own flavors.
Two months ago, he decided he wanted to get engaged.
We traveled there by cruise ship.
It arrived one day in the mail.
She pestered her family endlessly for one.
She gathered up all her extra blankets and fleece throws.
The black cat always gave her the creeps.
He applied to several jobs outside of his field.
They take their new puppy that is full of energy.
My daughter knew of my interest in religions.
She started hearing an intermittent raspy popping sound.
I took it to target to spend it.
Once he arrived home, he placed it on the mantle.
He always wanted to be an astronaut.
He was running late as it was.
However, he used to many plastic bags.
As soon as the cashier gave me my bag, someone snatched it.
He cheated on her while she was away in college.
He claims people were stalking him at the bake shop.
He was tired of waiting for the bus to arrive.
She always failed the tests!
She did not hear it go off.
I have a nice garden in my yard and went picking it in.
While driving she got stuck in the snowstorm.
She prepared to cook the first order of the day.
She gets a craving for pickles and ice cream at 2AM.
He has anger problems.
I played all day until it got dark.
It's five pounds overweight.
He heard a peculiar noise in one of the bushes.
She practiced riding her pony every day.
He went to the side to retrieve his luggage.
A record label contacted her one day, and set up a meeting.
He was excited to try it.
She clawed through the dirt, searching for some clue of its location.
He went to the store with his mother and bought eggs and dye.
As he got older, he realized it was frowned upon for boys.
They were used to being shut off and assumed it was that.
He became mad as soon as he found out that it's all gone.
They were friends since seventh grade.
One day, he heard some commotion outside.
She wasn't sure where she had caught her illness, but it was bad.
I had to give a speech.
And afterwards, he hated anyone who stole.
I logged in, and saw that friend has posted a new video.
Due to the economy, Steve had to fire one employee.
He was planning on premiering a brand new song.
He bought a guitar from the music store.
They bought tickets online and drove over to the theater.
He realized he forgot his shoes.
One day, Anne's family moved to a different town.
He finally decided to venture up there.
The doctor said I needed a tetanus shot.
He crept down the hall towards the locked door.
They pay their employees poorly.
They did everything together.
At the age of 6, she was in awe of all the ocean animals.
Joe was excited but nervous.
He was scared of playing his first game.
Today he told me it is a great job and that I should do it.
He usually got good grades.
Her leg tripped on a large cord.
They were very happy to have it.
She showed her mama the ragged fingernail.
My boyfriend was pumped and ready to see the baby.
I got a box from the drugstore to try out.
We have no idea what was going on.
She had them for the past 10 years.
Now Tami was no longer her friend.
He threw together all of the ingredients on the kitchen table.
He took out extra chairs from storage and placed them in the rear.
Jill cleared out the sink.
She was having a hard time getting the lid off.
She made her way through the crowd towards the DJ booth.
It pumps me up as soon as I hear it.
It seemed like nothing would make her feel better.
He spent the summer doing odd jobs to save up cash.
She aimed her bow at a fat flying goose.
It was always cold.
They decided they did not want to finish their schooling.
She is having trouble finding time for a haircut.
She was told she was dying from cancer.
She pulled her car over and got out to check.
He decided to buy a nice new watch.
It is a routine he started when he was a child.
My neighbors are not properly training their dog.
She saved her wages for months.
Her boyfriend didn't want it too loud.
She's doesn't have the money for them.
They used to have a bigger house, but they lost it to the bank.
She went online and printed the recipe.
He grabbed his backpack.
She never played, but she was feeling lucky this week.
He would often study on the weekends as well.
The families had to evacuate fast.
He checked in stores, but they were so expensive!
He did not have a lot of extra money.
We liked looking at the animals.
Her niece gave it to her.
My mom came out of her bed.
His grandson wanted him to be up to date.
Tonight he also made dinner and is still cleaning the kitchen.
He noticed his bathroom was no longer clean.
He wasn't very tall but wanted to spike the ball.
The website showed a countdown for when the food would arrive.
He could shoot into the basket from 100 feet away.
She wandered her home, trying to think of something to do.
She wanted to go to a casino with her friends.
Mama had a neighbor help with jumper cables, but it didn't work.
But she also wanted to swim and suntan!
Her father immediately said no.
When he awoke he felt hungry.
He was walking up his driveway.
I ordered curtains and a bar.
He mixed chemicals.
She'd had a great year but was worried about her finals.
The next day, she found out it had been made with chicken broth!
He felt like it was lonely.
She saved her every cent she earned.
After dinner Lucy called her grandpa to come pick her up.
She was definitely expecting a car as a gift.
There were many homes in the forest.
He tried out for the school team.
It was almost time to pay his mortgage.
Unfortunately, the day his flight was to leave, a snowstorm came.
First, he went to her house and got in bed with her.
Her dad had left some tool's out.
She looked all over the internet for reviews.
The girls had been enemies for far too long.
Alicia couldn't wait to get the scoop.
He hugged me and offered a seat.
When May woke up the sun was out.
She went to check on her son.
His entire college career has been difficult.
He bought a bicycle at the drugstore.
He tried to do a trick but failed.
She wanted to test it out.
He drives to the local grocery store.
He told his parents he was angry with them and would be leaving.
When his mom tried to put him down for a nap, he fought and fought.
However, brad kicked some dirt into his face.
Sam took out half the rungs so it would be faster to climb.
They were unfazed, and the guns on him didn't waver.
He was in a bad mood.
But her grandma went out into the garden and began weeding.
She picked out one with lace that wasn't too pricey.
He wanted to sleep earlier.
Their truck broke down in the middle of the highway.
Milly was very sad and didn't want to lose the dog.
He begged his mom for a dog but she agreed to get him a fish.
I had chosen the restaurant.
My cousin was over and we wanted a snack.
She heard tornado sirens and was startled.
I put a lot of items in my cart.
He pointed at a frog he'd found in the river.
Julia's dad saw them and decided to walk out of the car.
She prepared a list of the deals she had to get.
She begged her parents to get her one.
I looked online for opportunities.
When I went through security it took three hours.
We wanted to surprise him so we hopped in the car and drove.
Her mother knew that she did not like beans and never cooked them.
He worked ten hours his first week.
When I got to Theresa she was on a stretcher, unconscious.
I have been lifting a lot of weights to get stronger.
He went to his barber shop.
In an effort to feel better, he built a blanket fort.
I saved up money for weeks to buy it.
They didn't realize how cold they had gotten.
She decorated invitations to send out to all her friends.
He was much better looking than her.
She watched them on television all of the time.
She loved all of her classes.
As I got older, I realized I had not yet reached this dream.
She began to write about her life, but it sounded so boring.
We drove out to the beach and a quaint little town.
He would dream about playing professionally.
She had a new student approach her.
We all ran in to greet him and get a hug.
They wanted to go to Indianapolis for the weekend.
I check to make sure my windows are closed.
When she was 18 Year's old, she decided to fly to Korea for a visit.
I found a thick envelope.
He had a gun hidden in the house.
Three weeks later the police show up at his house.
He didn't see his dad very often.
I was hoping to see Hulk Hogan.
He had a great movie to watch while they were gone.
Lonely, Josh decided to adopt a dog.
Then, mid-job, her contractor quit.
She was hoping to have a room all to herself.
I got out the meatballs and began to cook them with the sauce.
He was able to drive and he saw an ostrich.
She answered it quickly.
She got to be on television showing everyone how to make them.
But she wished she had gym class before lunch.
She had just bought him a wind-up toy.
We took a train from Long Island to Penn Station.
They were having an argument over taking turns with the controller.
The boy needed water for his family.
While driving one day he came upon a car fire.
I sorted my laundry by colors.
She was upset, but decided to get something else.
He decided to catch some for pets.
She'd been at it for Years with her accomplices.
I decided to write her a love note.
Sally was nervous.
He tried to find cures for diseases.
He was mentioning several of his accomplishments in the past month.
She was going to play her first basketball game that day.
Lucy decided to make them for him as a surprise.
She parked her car and went shopping.
So he had his car painted bright yellow.
I went to the cupboard to get the crackers.
A 19-year-old freshman used to visit him almost every day.
They trekked through the jungle until they reached a tall plateau.
I asked to get my carpets cleaned 3 yrs ago and it's still dirty.
But on this particular day, she calls me and offers me $100.
He noticed the people as they passed him by.
One day the power went out.
The baby chickens seemed to be disappearing overnight.
She went to the concessions to buy some popcorn.
She had finals next week.
After the divorce, my mom wouldn't let me see my dad.
She immediately signed in and tried to watch it.
The number came as a shock when his doctor told it him.
I liked the idea of working alone and cleaning buildings.
I did not know that they would get over 9 feet tall.
Tyson had to act quickly or he would be swept away by the current!
She was curious and always wanted to play.
She put all the extras in a bag and took it to work the next day.
He searched furniture stores to no avail.
She only worked in Dietary but she loved it.
His toy dump truck had just broken!
His girlfriend surprised him with tickets to a play.
Bobby was a creepy guy, and one day he creeped on their babysitter.
Tom went home, scared, he didn't know how he would pay for rent.
The lecture was difficult.
He recalled that there were mushrooms growing in his yard.
I decided to try my hand at the NYSE.
But it started to claw at everything.
All the other girls were shopping at boutiques.
John's son, Sam, was outside mowing the lawn.
He reached up to drive his pick into the rock wall.
She knew it was hot but she was so hungry.
Tony went to the local gym and bought a membership.
During his turn the lights flickered and then went out.
He went out and bought a guitar.
He poured himself a bowl of the cereal.
He applied to medical school, but he was rejected.
Eventually he built up the nerve to talk to her.
He told her they would do something on Saturday.
They were on their honeymoon and wanted to be adventurous.
The DD jokingly says, "lets go to California.".
He found some large chicken of the hen mushrooms.
She decides to buy a soda after work and drink it alone at home.
He arrived in the country of Mali.
He got lost on the way.
His mom told him to get good grades.
They looked at the exhibits for hours.
He stopped at an ice cream stand.
The brown cat was small.
He said that the attachment had come from his very own address.
She was sad she wasn't able to reach the top of the tree.
He went to the gym every single day.
She needed to find a way to relax.
She was hoping to find a way to turn her passions into a career.
The family had been struggling to hold their bladders for miles.
She looked through all her clothes.
He could wash it more often but it would get smelly again.
First, he began collecting student signatures to get on the ballot.
He picked it up and took it home, expecting no one would be the wiser.
It was the new Nexus 6.
One of his friends is the coach of Syracuse Men's basketball team.
Alas, I couldn't find my pencils.
He saw an ad about kids making money selling subscriptions.
He studied as many books as he could get.
She tried to eat a piece of it.
It was based off of the Rocky franchise.
At the bar, she asked the bartender to fix a mock cocktail.
My parents did not have a lot of money.
She was dusting everything.
She is always being teased because of her name.
Instead of fighting back, I decided to remain relaxed.
We called the owner and asked if it would be ok.
They brought a lot of food so they wouldn't get hungry.
At first she was rather hesitant about it.
While shopping, his Grandma found a pair of shorts just like Noah's.
She had always wanted to give them one.
Suddenly, the lights cut out.
But Eric started to spend less time with John.
She was taking a training course and spent time networking.
I went to the doctor.
She got a job at the mall that paid her well.
One son chose games based on the strength of the teams.
There, she called herself Syd and dressed in designer clothes.
He accidently colored off the page and on the table.
He became very skilled at his job.
He saw men on horseback riding at each other.
He discovered $100 missing in his account.
On her front porch, she noticed a red paper.
He trained in special classes every weekend.
He was playing wide receiver.
She waited a half hour for it.
He saw his fiance sitting at the table, cradling their child.
She was running late, but she made time to shower anyways.
And she was eager to try it out.
She went to the local grocery store to get them.
Sunday was his birthday.
When he aunt came, she tried to fight another adult.
She was very nervous!
The  cat  is  upset  because  he  can't  jump  high  enough.
Brian always wanted to be famous for something.
Last Friday there were no clouds so she decided to tan.
He was out and about taking a stroll.
He went to the doctor for diagnosis.
There were none in her grandma's house.
He panics and starts hiding from them.
I looked left and saw a little kitten with no mommy.
His parents had forced him to sign up for it.
She lined up with the rest of the guests.
She insisted on doing dishes after they ate.
There was a man on the tracks ahead.
The store was located in an unfamiliar area.
He was bad with directions so he used the map on his phone.
He researched his options for a new smartphone.
Their food came very late.
For his birthday, his friends made him pudding instead of cake.
She handed me a paper with a huge F on the top, beside my name.
He went to a buffet for lunch.
Nicole stayed up late the night before to study.
She sent him a note during English class.
I considered taking a trip to Italy to learn authentic recipes.
She decided to go for a walk in the woods to watch birds.
But Emily didn't want to because she didn't know how to swim.
He saw that his bus was just leaving.
He realized that he had completely forgotten to do his taxes!
I decided to invest in penny stocks.
Nancy's date, Greg, suggested they ride a roller coaster.
His foot started to hurt.
She was quite scared to do soon as it sounded odd.
He mourned for a few weeks before deciding to get a new cat.
The traditions are some that most never get to experience.
She was dancing and singing along to the music.
He often felt bored at his job.
They spent hours online to figure out their itinerary.
He researched different studios online and compared them.
He bought himself some weights.
He posted a sign that announced free food during happy hour.
He wanted to be with her forever.
All of her friends and family attended.
He brought his teddy bear with him.
He did not know what would be best for his current dog.
He had a big crush on her.
He was super smart.
The two of them went to Steve Madden on fifth avenue to look.
He was having trouble finding customers, though.
Tom asked Bill to share his electricity plug.
She called the entire family to come over and eat.
She spent all evening Friday baking cookies and brownies.
When the spelling bee finally came, May was shaking with nerves.
Janet threw the ball behind the trees.
They enjoyed their lunch and Jan paid the 17 dollar tab.
I decided to cheer her up.
She enjoyed sharing them with her boyfriend, Matt, even more.
In class one day, he wrote her a note.
However her husband insisted on a family reunion.
She avoids coffee because she is afraid it will stain her teeth.
A school bus was on the tracks and he couldn't stop in time.
When I was little and I ripped it she would patch it up.
He will start kindergarten next fall.
Marie was thrilled to find pretty dresses that were just her size.
But he could no longer afford to hire a gardener.
The calls came in all hours of the night and day.
Brian contemplated on what he could do to make his yard look better.
We ordered a bunch of dishes.
She used to go there after class and get pasta for dinner.
He didn't have a car.
She was nervous, but she had no one else to ask.
He is hired by real estate companies to design show homes.
He had some scraps left from his lunch.
He saw a girl struggling with heavy bags.
It was getting close to Christmas and she had no money.
She left her dishes in there for days this time.
He decided to replace it.
She took the leash off her dog in order to play frisbee.
She had lost her favorite ring and felt very sad.
He helped refugees find safety.
When drew said yes, she invited him to her house.
He works very hard on his putting and chipping skills.
He worried he would never get back home to the land he loved.
She swayed in different directions due to the wind current.
He found out that one of his good friends had been in a car accident.
He keeps getting interviewed but never passes the last interview.
Lee looked everywhere, but suits were so expensive!
He was offered some speakers at a really good price.
Lately all they did was argue.
He eats a box a day.
Everyone he met only referred to him as New Guy.
But Ronnie didn't listen.
His school did not have a baseball team!
One day her mother left her alone in the yard to play.
She decided her new car should be a hybrid Prius.
And someone ordered pizza and tacos.
Last December her husband took a job in Alaska.
My friends invited me to Big Surf, and I was scared.
I saved up several week's worth of extra money.
The tables were mostly empty so he had his choice of games.
The scientist was astounded when he checked over his results.
Jon picked a school because their mascot was the mustang.
But she accidentally cracked the yolks!
The hurricane brought heavy rainy, wind and flooding to her area.
The temperature started dropping at dusk.
She was nervous because she did not know anybody.
He called a repair shop, who quoted a high price just for a consult.
There was a bad storm outside.
All of a sudden his phone died.
Jim thought he could wing everything, and that included the concert.
At one point, the kids were blindfolded.
Her parents gave her an allowance but not enough to save for a car.
She donned the hat and used a ruler as a magic wand.
But now she also liked the new kid at school Josh.
He was taken by surprise when she sat by him at work.
She loved all the cats and dogs there.
Joe had always seen it on his walks but was too afraid to visit it.
He looked through the aisles on what to buy.
When I got off the bus there was a man signing a song.
The water stopped working.
She looked everywhere but could not find Fido.
He had the window open because it was a warm day.
The driver was drunk and moved the truck back and forth.
Her mom, dad, and siblings were at her Uncle Clyde's house.
He tried many different products and nothing seemed to work.
He also hangs out around the table for scraps that fall.
The two sat together and watched their lines.
The new Halo video game was coming out today.
He use to think it was so hard.
He was very proud of himself.
One Sunday morning Jenna decides to have a walk on the beach.
Nicole decided to spit in his drink.
They started to cook meat on the grill.
She was outside of the gym and decided to look in.
My friend and I were discussing the roles for each person.
Nic hated the mocking.
His mother cooked a turkey and several side dishes.
He searched for two hours.
She was lost and it had gotten dark.
They watched the floats pass by.
He saw something move in the grass and leaned in for a closer look.
She could feel the gritty sand in her teeth.
Her mom always told her she was a misfit.
Once older he realized that the stream was small enough to jump.
She can't have fun without her husband.
She decided to start practicing.
Avery is 9 and Connor is 7.
He always had so many secret admirers.
It was so old that the fact it recorded in color was novel.
He didn't have time to swerve before hitting a deep pothole.
Accidentally I spilled some wine on the table.
When she got accepted into her program, she had a party.
But everywhere she looked was occupied.
So Victoria went to the store to look for a card.
Neither of them had ever been ice skating before.
One day he decided to visit for his birthday.
She lost track of time.
She'd often ask how she was and if she'd visit her.
He would wake up exhausted and in pain.
He booked a hotel located downtown.
Her dog saw a rabbit running across the field.
She and her friends got advance tickets.
The housekeeper compiled for the most part.
She was chopping zucchini when she felt ill.
I decided to take a picture of something new every time I walked.
One day her boss said she was to become a cashier.
She went to the doctor and found out she had to get her tonsils out.
First she took the child to the pool and held her tightly.
Alas, I didn't think I could survive forty hours of work per week.
She held her face firmly as she waited for him to see her.
I love going to New York.
When she came by, he stuck his foot out to trip her.
In my hurry, I didn't see the police car.
He was wearing the wrong kind of shoes.
He checked a tabloid for doctors who issued Medical marijuana cards.
However to her dismay, she was stuck in traffic.
Her friends decided to throw her a cupcake party.
One day Larry asked his neighbor how his grass was so lush and green.
It was the day to take school photos and he forgot.
He didn't think talking with them would hurt anything.
They decided to have a sandcastle building contest.
He could rap, sing and dance.
He knew he had to go to the gym.
He packed his guitar and amp in his car.
The bums always asked Tom for spare change.
She jokingly asked her mom to make her a sandwich.
They smell very bad.
He used a gauge and confirmed they needed air.
He found many odds and ends, but most were of little interest.
She felt like no one liked her.
Tom got to the mall first, he called Jane to see where she was.
His mother promised him a new toy if he ate his broccoli.
He was so happy when he made a friend who had a boat.
Pickles liked to hunt rats.
I couldn't afford it.
He decided to emulate how professional athletes train.
That night he had a lot of trouble sleeping and he was up late.
I rented a surfboard.
His friends wanted him to come out and play.
He was hungry but didn't want to spend money.
They looked out and there was a horse in their yard.
The next day, her friend gave her his notes so she could catch up.
She had a poster of Jim Morrison on her wall in high school.
I saw a small garage sale near me.
She decided she wanted to try something different.
He arrived at the academy in early summer.
It's been several months since he's hear back from any employers.
Before he got to end of the street he turned around.
The repairman told me it would cost a lot of money to repair.
She was modest and worried about dressing as the others did.
He and his wife thought of activities to do.
His girlfriend knew that.
She completed all her term papers and exams.
I took it home and tested it.
No cloud was present in the sky.
Her therapist recommended she get a cat.
They were on their way to their friend's house.
I had one test each day for five days.
He was excited to pick some apples.
She hinted to her husband for months beforehand.
It grew to be a danger.
It was for the holidays for the best Christmas cookie.
He did not have money.
He usually only played the game late at night while the slept.
A policeman saw this and thought Jim was selling fake watches.
Her uncle invited Annie to see the new baby animals.
He had each of us write a letter to ourselves ten years in the future.
He asked his girlfriend to dump him and his boss to fire him.
They loved to do things together.
One day his dad had an accident.
He played slots for hours without winning.
She won tickets to her favorite band.
The blaring sound of a siren pierced the air.
She followed them and saw them all going in the same direction.
They went to all the pet stores in town, cat shopping.
She wanted to be a professional singer.
Joe is afraid to tell Christiane that he is in debt.
She needed a major change in her life.
She had a bad feeling about this meeting.
She bought a book and still had problems learning.
But he has to quit.
Tonight was a night she was going to have them.
They keep stealing the birds' food.
Although her friends accepted her sexual orientation, they looked mad.
In two weeks, he would be evicted from his apartment.
Somehow, they ended up getting the same answers wrong.
The only problem is the cabin was really far away.
She was excited to see us.
After some shopping around, she found a good one.
There was some music playing on a loudspeaker.
He couldn't find the remote for his TV, however.
His wife Sandra sat beside him on the beach.
He began to whine since she couldn't afford the late payment.
Briana spotted a huge wave.
She realized that she left her purse on the counter.
She decided to go shopping.
She agreed to give it to me as long as I did some type of work.
They desired to go out on a Friday night.
They decided to go on a trip to the grand canyon.
I went online and looked up the materials I would need for safety.
Their favorite part of the falls is the color of the night lights.
He is forty-four years old.
She got on the bus and fell asleep.
I scurried thrift stores and garage sales for things to sell.
She got it all prepared and stuck it in the oven.
I had about a hundred of them.
He decided to build one.
Dogs were too large for her apartment.
He graduated college early and got a successful job in marketing.
He needed a night light.
We talked about our favorite memories and bad ones as well.
He picked her up and they went to dinner.
He had ordered new earbuds.
They were partying and drinking.
I started painting in the living room when the polish fell.
I didn't do any homework today and decided to get some rest.
She was the only one without one.
Amy was good at patterns and believed this would be an easy task.
When I got home I had gum in my hair.
She decided to make a chicken gumbo.
Every now then he would get caught by a female.
One day she got in trouble at school.
However, when she went to put it in her backpack it wasn't there.
She was playing with the other kids.
One fish for each of his children.
She decided to go to Ikea to buy furniture.
She debated what to do.
He hated having to leave so early in the morning.
In order to go, she had to pass a history test.
Jen notices her gas light come on.
He signed up for classes after school.
After school Amy decided to call Ella.
She decided to make spaghetti, which was her husband's favorite.
He wanted to improve the quality of life in his country.
He had noticed one of the lifeguards was very sweet and pretty.
Tom has to walk down that sidewalk.
The girls walked into an exclusive sunglass boutique and looked around.
He couldn't find a stable job.
Tim's classmate threatened to fight him after school.
I decided to cook with tofu to help with that.
No one was around to pick it up.
She was home with him when the doorbell rang.
She found a video discussing a show from the 70's.
He rushed out into the hard sleet rain wearing only his pajamas.
She pushed her car as fast as it could go.
Her friends recommend she invest in a good pair of sunglasses.
The doctors told him he had two months to live.
He would always kick the ball low to avoid it going over the wall.
I realized I was late for work.
I didn't bother cleaning the potato correctly.
Especially the ones covered in chocolate during the holidays.
He began reading online about health.
She had no choice but to look for a replacement.
He began to dig with a small shovel.
Later in the evening he began to vomit.
While he was at the store, he dropped his dollar.
He fell and scraped his knee.
The elections were very close.
The girl had learned Karate and stopped Val's attack.
She desired grow her curly out to her waist.
The monkeys were a family with the youngest being 3 Year's old.
They viewed a lot of different dogs, but none seemed right for them.
She had cultivated the most beautiful blooms.
She looked everywhere but to no avail.
The president made a small introduction.
Suzy didn't know where it had come from.
He loved his job and he didn't care that he hardly made any money.
I got dressed and rushed to work.
When she grew up, she convinced herself there was nothing to fear.
When he got to visit the zoo, he went right to the tiger enclosures.
Just one hour is all John needed to finish his football game.
Every Monday he gathered all of his trash and placed it near the curb.
His coworker suggested he drink some coffee.
They both want to lose weight though.
And he brought them to school to show off.
Most of my photos are of trolleys.
She loved animals so she was very excited.
Next to a tree I found a fallen nest.
She was pleased the prices looked surprisingly affordable.
Her mother called for her to stop.
As she gets older she begins to fear that her dream won't come true.
When I came into the cafeteria, I saw a large lunch line.
She spent about an hour in hair and makeup and was ready.
She ordered the largest coffee at the diner.
She noticed someone near her on the sidewalk.
It was August and she noticed he was walking off again.
He was very scared about getting a job.
Karen decided to make a sandwich.
She is not ready at all.
When he got home, he decided to eat it.
He introduced himself to the famous person.
She grabbed her robe and ran outside and called the fire department.
He looked everywhere for it.
She wasn't sure if she remembered how to swim or not.
He took it to the vet.
He felt like life was not worth living.
One of the friends tripped over a large root in the ground.
Most of the clothes were dirty and old.
When I sat down to take the test, I was shocked.
She gauged her progress by her favorite belt.
Her mom drove her to the local orchard.
He was locked out!
But the lead singer is missing.
Now she saw a car driving on the street.
At the department store, she saw a beautiful cashmere sweater.
Buying so much candy gets very expensive!
I booked an emergency dentist appointment right away.
He talked the idea over with his advisors.
When they began to drive, Martha felt uncomfortable.
They were all in a closet, reading scary stories.
Bob bought a very expensive graphics card to use in the computer.
There was a big gust of wind, and the baby bird fell out of the nest.
He served sundaes and shakes.
I disobeyed my Mom and took the shortcut any way.
When we returned, we decided to move to a different location.
I took off all of my clothes in order to take a shower.
Kate drew all the designs on paper.
His father made him study for the SAT every day.
For the first half of the trip, things went well.
She decided that the babysitter had stolen them.
She was a cashier, but she was being moved to the service desk.
The idea excited her.
Unfortunately we can never choose one.
The bus was running really late.
I said yes and decided to hang out with her.
Last weekend they wanted to go to Disco night at the bar.
He was having a good time when he got an angry text.
He had a class there for his Master's program.
One day, Shane's crush invited him to a theme park with friends.
He placed each exam paper on an overhead projector.
He talked to the lady receptionist, then got called in by the doctor.
It was due in two weeks.
I did not have a clue how to play the game.
My car started to sway back and forth.
He was very close to his father because his mother was gone.
She took out the peanut butter, jelly, and bread.
Sarah went in for a few minutes and then came back outside.
The kids didn't make it easy, but Jill survived.
Unfortunately, the number he blocked was somehow permanently blocked.
He always made the winning shot.
They went to a number of carpet stores to get the best prices.
She went to the home of a child who lived with grandparents.
He looked everywhere for it.
He wanted to meet Ed in person.
She had been working on a big painting.
I ask who the person the person was.
She had to go to work, but it was too far to walk.
My sister forgot to leave me with any spending money.
She texted me that the power was out in her area.
She found out she was pregnant.
He went to college for law enforcement.
He managed to use the entire deck without it falling down.
The show is vanderpump rules and it's one of my favorite shows.
Joe seen something on the hill above them.
She found a simple recipe and bought all of the ingredients.
They were very competitive about their place in class.
I made an appointment to have his hair cut.
His job gave him a pay cut right before the holiday season.
It was his favorite chore to do.
In grade school, she was mocked mercilessly.
He tried to make a space suit by wrapping himself in tin foil.
She attended her yoga class three times a week.
We went deep in the woods, and I was pretty scared.
She decides to buy some drawing materials for her home.
He built up a bonfire next to his tent at night.
Joyce wanted to have one more.
She happened upon a family tree with some incorrect information.
The beautiful music inspired her to learn to play the piano.
He had trouble in school.
It started raining just as she was about to go out.
The town made money off of promoting it.
The women married a powerful man.
Jim took his dog to the vet.
I only had one day at the beach to get a good tan on vacation.
It took Bert almost a month, due to his meager earnings.
On the squad she was team captain.
One had horrible parking, but paid more.
Everyone was always complimenting his eyes.
Now it was time to go inside.
She began watching people online make cakes from scratch.
She worked harder than ever.
Harry wasn't sad at all since he was into other girls.
She decides to go to the doctor's office.
When she finally left for college, she became homesick.
He practiced everyday after school.
Amy kept sleeping when her dad awoke her at a gas station.
He would never overspend on things.
She had a cold she couldn't shake.
So she decided to cook pasta.
But he noticed that his vision was becoming worse.
She noticed there were new neighbors.
He was moved so much by their story that he decided to help.
But she didn't really know how to play.
She thought her classmates would mock her.
He cleaned up his basement and started building shelves.
Chris visited an art gallery in his city.
When he is working on his reports, he sometimes falls asleep.
He tried on many jackets but they weren't warm enough.
They asked their mom to take them to the store.
It seem like a normal day until a lady with a bunch of cats stopped me.
She began by researching the makeup artist career path.
The lake was behind her grandparent's Florida home.
She'd worn it last year and it fit perfectly then.
My wife checked it and called for me franticly.
She thought she had found her dream job.
He decided that he needed to switch to a new company.
I went to the library to get the book.
I tried to take it apart and fix the problem.
He took an online qualification test.
So she quit trying to get likes.
Jen became the guardian of her 3 year old niece.
She panicked because she was always losing things.
I was shocked, but happy for my baby.
Later, he asked me if I had seen his wallet.
One day they had to run up a steep hill.
She'd refused to answer it then, and refused to answer it now.
Then one day Pepper started chasing another dog.
He had called a cab to pick him up.
I saw a small dirty dog on the road.
By the time he was in college he was a great player.
Carrie immediately jumped up in fear and screamed.
I had never been on a plane before, so I was very nervous.
This was the 2nd time she had forgotten and decided to get a refund.
His wife thought it was a bad idea.
Everyone at school loved the bag.
She decided to prepare a Chinese meal for her class.
As a result, I tried getting the stain out.
She was trying to do some of the difficult poses.
Roy wanted to try them all.
In return he had kept her waiting for 30 minutes.
She worked hard to prepare her team for the big game.
He decided to run down the hill.
It was Saint Patrick's Day.
Her tax refund check came in the mail.
This savings total was 486 dollars and 53 cents.
She lost over thirty pounds.
They rode for hours without paying attention to the time.
He played center on the basketball team.
Her looked at some online and made a list.
One day, he drew a photo of his boss.
His mother used his credit card and took out 5000 worth of loans.
She wanted to invite all her friends except Tina.
A big wave crashed down on her.
He was surprised when the garbage truck came rolling down his street.
She spent half the day in the emergency room with her mom.
She wore it everywhere she could.
He went on a trip to a rural area.
It became a success and made Chad rich and famous.
The first few floors were easy enough.
He decided it was time for him to buy a bike.
At first, Nick did not have any friends.
He knew she wanted a puppy.
So he put frozen pizza in his oven.
They started off from their home running east.
She decides to visit her dentist to discuss it.
All school year the kids looked forward to the trip.
He planned out all his meals.
But her little brother was constantly tearing them down.
The week after they graduated it was time to go.
He started going to college for it.
He never had a girlfriend.
Then she went to find her mustard.
He took a laxative before bed.
Water fell into the sink that was already backed up.
The kids were being very loud.
Then I met a girl who was nice to me.
He studies for college every night.
He noticed his toothpaste tasted odd.
They were lighting off small fireworks.
Guys weren't interested in me but I was very interested in Thomas.
They went up to a mountain to go skiing.
My boss called me into the office.
He didn't know what to do with them all.
Her choir concert was scheduled for the same evening as the show.
But her parents indulged her delusions of being a great singer.
My sister handed my brother a piece of chicken.
Gerald noticed that one of his friends was having a concert.
Fred was at the top of the hill in his creation, The Boxcar Beast.
Mom seemed very intent on getting everyone to go this year.
I wanted pizza, so I picked up the phone.
Unfortunately she had left her key on the dresser.
She decided to wear them out as soon as she could.
He did not wear long pants.
We loaded up the car and headed for the water.
We saw a great big red maple.
Her mom knew her desire and tried to find a solution.
He finally tried a cup at a local cafe.
At first I was upset but then I noticed I liked having time off.
His friend chides him too join in.
He desired more social interaction outside of work.
Both kids asked for pizza.
She was born first, and had a separate dad.
Her parents took her around the state to look.
I spent the last couple of hours before sleep writing.
But he realized that he didn't have all of the right ingredients.
He was pretty sure that his parents were giving him a car.
They named their new band Riot.
The boys were cooking their dinner at the campfire.
He did not make the cut this year.
I wanted to buy my parents a nice present for the holidays.
She cleaned up the house so that the technician could work easier.
But 4 days had passed.
He recently has been offered a new job at a with another mechanic.
She needed to have a key made quickly at the service desk.
The governor is recognizing Morgan for her hard work.
Layla broke up with her boyfriend, but George was engaged.
Jon played every day.
He was bored so he began to play with his desk chair.
He buys wine and appetizers so his guests will be able to snack.
But she was upset that it wasn't pink.
The vase was priceless.
One time, he posts a status insulting his friend.
He had never wanted anyone's opinions before.
It didn't take me long to realize I wasn't immaculately conceived!
He disembarked and gaped in awe.
The agent explained the process.
Last night she played under our rug.
My friend brought us each a soda.
He was scared.
She loved Starbucks coffee.
They wanted to buy orange juice.
They agreed to go out for dinner.
He decided to take the city bus to work instead.
One man tried a new strategy that upset half the players.
He decided to open a small banana stand and then bought the supplies.
My sister and I brushed our teeth and got into bed.
They saw black smoke billowing out of the tunnel.
Flames were all around him, everywhere!
Before the game, he hung out by the dugout to see players up close.
But the police arrested her and she went to court.
Her mother said she could go and be with her friends.
Whoever could earn the most box tops would win a prize.
She walked to class every day.
She saw something that made her cry.
John checked his pocket only to realize there was nothing there.
It was a beautiful color.
She couldn't afford much, though.
All she did was cook at home.
He had three speeding tickets already.
He had a long and frustrating day at work.
Bart wasn't good at math so he hired a tutor.
She waited until the last minute.
They were all chatting and having fun.
She had no plans.
They usually stay at a hotel.
He studied hard the previous day.
He had very little money.
He said he wanted to go on a train.
He was trying to type but his fingers were freezing!
He never felt like he belonged.
She couldn't believe how beautiful the ring was.
He wasn't much of a cook.
Her teacher handed her an instrument.
Her dog had dug holes in the yard and she accidentally stepped in one.
He introduced himself and said that he was a substitute for today.
She decided to surprise her husband with the news.
She watched a lot of cartoons.
But Bill's pillows are killing his neck.
He grabbed the lawn mower and began to cut his grass.
His mother said she would take him if he cleaned his room.
She threw something together quickly and handed it in.
All day at school, Jan tried to avoid her sister.
There were no cookies in the house.
She was annoyed when they showed no record of her reservation.
One day Toni's friend broke his bicycle.
One day his mom forgot to clean his bottle.
When it was 1PM she drove in.
He planted tomato seedlings in the yard.
He was looking and his dad instead of watching the kite.
He didn't see the very pretty girl from history in his path.
He was a bit afraid.
He bought a set today to motivate him to learn how to play.
When they got to the restaurant and the food was terrible.
He calls his cable company to cancel his cable service.
He moved into a new house.
She was able to see me for only a few minutes.
His sister turned on the television set.
However, she couldn't resist and ended up touching it.
His mother told him not to eat too much.
The dog took the bone to the back yard.
The ice cream quickly gained national popularity.
At the big game he was set to stand out.
Sam knew his dad needed a new belt for Christmas, but he was broke.
Beth was telling her about a date she went on the day before.
They were excited for the first dance.
His local mall has the best prices for all he needs.
Her friend was insulting her to another friend.
One day he noticed the neighbor's lights never came on.
On the sixth day, she worsened greatly.
He tried pasta and pizza and meatballs, all with no success.
She was thirty and had been living at home.
They had Giraffe you could feed there.
Her mom was allergic to cats, dogs, and birds.
I got up from the ground and became furious.
They arrive at the store and there are so many choices of yogurt.
He looked gray and bloated under all the makeup.
He loves pizza.
She hadn't realized how beautiful her neighborhood was.
That's why he was nervous to be assigned as the map reader.
She looked everywhere.
She loved the show and was excited to be on it.
The wind blew hard, and the birds and small animals sought shelter.
She didn't live too far from the school.
He couldn't get it straight.
He had found out he had strep throat.
I can only run a few miles though before I'm tired.
Last christmas her parents surprised her with a puppy.
My friend suggested I buy a vacuum.
He played a couple of songs in the car.
He decided to make himself a big batch.
The wife didn't know how to cook very well.
Bob had not gone fishing since his father died.
He tried to fix it himself but to no avail.
He had gotten very quiet.
While they were waiting for the pizza, they got into an argument.
Hit got to the front of the line and handed over his money.
But she became hungry.
He was found wandering alone in the street.
She had a test next week and all the study materials were on the book.
I found a nice looking one and then purchased it.
He begins to save money from every paycheck.
He jumped out of bed and got dressed.
She chartered a fishing boat to take her offshore.
Manny had never been to a hotel before.
We were watching the game and some commercials came on.
She asked them to go to dinner with her.
She always had the same meal for breakfast.
He was upset that he couldn't seem to find a job he liked.
All of her friends had found dates, and Jan was worried.
Everyone was driving slowly to be safe.
I need a size 10E.
He spent a few weeks studying very hard for the test.
When arriving, Jen forgot her purse and asked if Charlie could pay.
She and her dad usually go together.
He was at the pool with friends.
There was a huge hive on his basketball net.
All of his friends have girlfriends, but Blake is single.
His family finally took a trip there.
He goes to parties and takes drugs often.
She wanted some gum.
One of my favorite activities was eating gelato.
She always wanted larger bust.
One day his human family took him to the river.
His dad took them off carefully.
At first, she found Berlin to be very backward.
She decided that redecorate her whole house.
He secretly swapped out his opponents ball for his new invention.
She noticed a blender on sale.
She lost all her baby weight quickly.
Bill memorized the letter answers so he wouldn't have to study.
All of a sudden I was pulled over by a cop.
He wanted to share those ideas with the world.
He showered and wanted to smell nice with cologne.
His old one fell apart.
At the bar he drank more than he expected.
He put a scoop of powder on the scale and recorded it.
For their tenth anniversary of dating, he had a surprise.
They did not know each other or that they shared an interest.
He decides he needs more exercise.
It was dark by the time I headed home.
He came across a tribe of indians that were friendly.
He spent at least 50 hours a week on his new business he started.
She leaped off the platform and splashed into the water.
We had only been dating 1 month when it was Christmas.
I went to the theaters on the opening day.
Everyone thought his pies were delicious.
First I looked for my favorite recipe in my cookbook.
She raced frantically to call the fire department to help her.
She wore them to school to show them off.
Ted outperformed every one of his coworkers.
She has avoided the dentist for over two Year's.
The kite festival was approaching and he wanted to earn money.
He had to roll a 3 on the dice in order to win a million dollars.
He started chewing sugar free gum instead.
The recital was in just three days.
He broke a few windows as well.
He fought in a disastrous battle, his entire regiment was killed.
One day his brother in Europe called him.
They emphasized how awful they were for him.
I was extremely bitter at first because I worked hard for that.
Knowing it would be busy, I left early to get to the airport.
When I graduated, I had trouble finding a job.
He tried hard but he wasn't a very good player.
They served the best sweet and sour chicken I've ever had.
His mother said it was time to go.
She had never been close with her dad's family.
Once I start a show I buy all the seasons on dvd.
But one summer day, she could not resist an ice cream cone.
Her boss asked her to grab some lettuce from the freezer.
She was making them a treat before christmas break.
They didn't realize how fast and cold the water would be.
Thus, I bought some grapes from the market.
My buddy Ted and I decided we'd make a way to stick it to him.
He started pilot lessons a few months back.
Drew had his boat positioned in his favorite spot.
I discovered a letter from President Nixon among other documents.
She's frustrated by his work schedule.
He sent in manuscripts to lots of publishers.
It was their first day.
She attached a little baggie to each card.
Nancy was shaking from her desk since she didn't study well.
He saw her cutting the cake at the ceremony.
My garden is almost too small for it.
Neither boy could figure out how to light the camp stove.
He said they would explode.
She was scared to admit it however.
As soon as he tried, he felt like a failure.
I dressed my best and worried over my appearance.
One was a videogame that she really liked.
Bob served the ball and hit Ricky right in the head!
Afraid of getting in trouble, she covered it with a bean bag chair.
Lucy sat in the car with her arms crossed waiting on May.
He thought he had tissues at his desk but they were gone.
She goes to rallies about women's rights.
He knew it was unhealthy but he continued drinking it.
She had been mistreating him for a week.
He was proud of all the candy he got.
Even though she was so little, she decided to make cookies.
She finally went back to the gym.
Some people found it and decided it should be destroyed.
His mom wants to buy him a special present.
He claimed it was because he was visited by ghosts.
While opening the oven door the handle came off.
In the office, the dentist took a look at Ted's teeth.
He notices that his shirt is very wrinkled.
He quickly got ready for work and left his house.
The kids were only nine and nobody ever hit it that far.
We made many stops in ten states along the way.
First, she fed the kid lunch.
She was afraid she wouldn't make any friends.
But his parents were poor, so he didn't expect an extravagant gift.
One day, her baby seemed particularly warm.
It will be a bicycle trip through the countryside.
Well most the people there knew him and he knew most of them as well.
His anger was something he could not control.
Thinking it was her imagination, she decided to ignore it.
His mom was worried Jimmy would get cavities.
He went every single year and had a great time.
So she wrote that their parents were planning a party for him.
She needed to get a B on her final to pass.
They were aiming to get married by March but had limited funds.
One wrestler, the Junkman, swung a lead pipe at the other.
In a state of rage, he murdered his dad.
He was very thirsty.
They were walking slowly so the cake wouldn't fall.
She was extremely thankful and hugged me.
She would load her beach bag with snacks and put on her swimsuit.
But he was seventeen and she was sixteen.
Jim was texting his friend on his cell phone.
He took a train to Berlin.
We heard on the news that terrorists had attacked our home town.
He had lived with his parents his entire life.
But she was ninety years old.
But he wouldn't look her way.
He wait in line for the ride.
John was excited to see his dad.
He looked for the source of the problem.
It has been a plan of mine for a long time.
On the way home smoke started to come out of the engine.
She had a cart full of clothing that she wanted.
I was tired and my story was sloppy so they threatened to detain me.
Our daughter's college roommate got married.
They both met a nice girl.
His boat was ugly but it meant a lot to him.
He decided to change it.
She saved money for Years.
Carl has a lot of things he need to get done today.
John called a realtor.
It turned out to look terrible.
He took his phone and threw it at the wall.
I suddenly remembered I had no sandals.
John challenges Jimmy to a card game.
But they couldn't agree on a place to go.
Ahead an ambulance turned on.
They went outside to play a game of basketball.
A deer jumped out and almost hit them.
When Jane asked who was there, a man said he was delivering pizza.
The first day she arrived early and got a good seat.
There were many other kids trying out too.
Anita decided that she would try to become a judge.
He wanted to go home for spring break.
A guest came in and asked for a menu.
There was a special on hot wings and they decided to order it.
He played the guitar and lived to swing his long hair around.
The intricate pieces wobbled as she carried it to the car.
I was shy and awkward and didn't think I would be a good cheerleader.
She had never been to a party before.
We stopped at a department store that had great deals that day.
He worked very hard to make money playing music, but it was hard.
One day his class went blueberry picking.
This time, though, there was a new dentist in the office.
He got his two friends together to make an act.
Planning was going well.
In the morning, he brought some soup for her.
She loved to go out with her friends.
Instead of doing the homework, Tina watched television.
He had been practicing long hours with the band for weeks.
Jen has to stop and pick up her dog to put her on the bed.
On our way we saw a sign inviting the public to pick apples.
He noticed a snake wedged in between some rocks.
Her parents had left her in charge while they went to dinner.
Then a friend told him he had to visit Northern Ireland.
She invited her friends over to help her.
He tried gaining knowledge by searching encyclopedias online.
He was very fed up with his bully and decided to confront him.
As we went up I felt my heart pumping heard.
When the classmates saw the coat, they teased Lily.
His little sister asked him to make some for her.
They were completely confused about the procedure.
On his way back to the station, he got a call for a robbery.
His parents said no.
I went to Bertucci's restaurant and it was amazing.
He took all his clothes down to the machine to wash them.
They had planned a huge party.
One day at the beach she pushed her hands deep in the sand.
His parents said they would let him as long as he did all his chores.
I looked everywhere for the perfect case but couldn't find one.
Hank explained that Bob had inherited some fine collectables.
Her dad said she couldn't get one unless her grades improved.
She like to give them as gifts to friends and family.
She decided to knit her mom a blanket.
She decided she really wanted to make brownies.
She wanted to show them where she grew up.
He had to decide between a Mac and a PC.
Jane thought at 10 he was responsible enough.
It was a close game.
She was afraid she would never make any friends because she was shy.
One day her grandma offered to take her to a teddy bear picnic.
At school, a popular girl offered Jane a stick of gum.
She loved how beautiful it was.
Jason does not want to clean the attic alone.
For a long time, they kept the cat out of the baby's bedroom.
I tried very hard to do it.
He studied very hard in school, but didn't seem to do well in sports.
She immediately got to work on a small house.
He was at the skate park and tried a new trick.
One day, he made a joke to his friends.
She was introduced to some of the hospital staff and places.
She got a job working at a burger joint.
They seem nice.
Fed up, I finally got up and looked outside for it.
She tried to quit frequently, but she always failed.
But his mom feared he didn't have any real career skills.
It was a big TV that she put in her living room.
Since she lost her job recently, she barely has any savings.
He loved his fish very dearly.
He decided to scare them.
They are staying in our apartment.
As children, It was easy for them to think of Mollie as a tag-a-long.
She craved something sweet but there weren't any sweets at home.
It was nighttime and they were outside.
Tina accidentally knocked over the display of food at the store.
He lost a $5 bill somewhere.
They urged him to join, but Fred had a deep fear of water.
She was going to surprise her and introduce her boyfriend.
She was a teenager, after all.
However, it seemed as though his vegetables were disappearing.
However, he had never taken lessons.
But he never saw a job posting for a photographer.
He began chopping up several vegetables.
He wanted to give her a present.
One of his opponents taunted him and he got mad.
They decided to enter their pies in a baking contest.
I sat on his lap and he asked me what I wanted for Christmas.
He became very sick three days before the big game.
At the store she would often get distracted by the things they passed.
It looked pretty easy, though.
The animal bucked wildly trying to throw off its rider.
But it quickly became soggy.
One day, he accidentally tipped it over.
His wife told him that they didn't have the money.
One day he went to the airport to catch a flight.
But Tom was getting tired of seeking.
She had been following along and was ahead of the class.
She thought they shoes pinched her feet.
But she couldn't afford to buy one.
The game was intense.
The baby woke up early.
She invited Ramona, Bethenny and Kelly.
Her friends from work and school invited her to a party.
One day we bought a large dish.
I watched him vacuum, dust and mop his whole house.
We went to his rural farm.
She got her kids a bunch of baby chicks as a gift.
But she got terribly sick.
She entered her painting into a contest.
He gave it a quick test for safety before he tried it himself.
In their excitement, they accidentally broke a light.
I applied for several jobs.
They were excited to go on the coasters.
She couldn't get the food dye to come out.
She started watching online for apartments.
I went to the parade afterward.
After watching many games, Stan's son wanted his own equipment.
She was feeling anxious the night before.
He baked a batch before work.
Joe was very ashamed, so he promised to pay her back.
She was upset when the steering cable kept breaking.
A man called and demanded he play the Monster Mash.
One day, his cousin Nic asked him to shoot an apple from his head.
He could see for miles when he was in the sky.
She put it in a cone.
To her dismay however she fell from the top.
She only has four months to live.
Her teacher said her ankles were too weak for it right now.
She was very nervous.
Electronics were his specialty, despite his lack of experience.
John's family gathered on a blanket by the lake.
None of the girls could beat her.
It was hard for Gina since Tami was hanging out with them also.
One day, he went to the doctor.
He went to the pound and ask to look at the cats.
She started stalking me and getting nosy about my business.
Because I was bigger and nerdy nobody let me sit with them.
At first he thought tennis looked easy.
It was a large black designer purse.
She could not contain her excitement.
She was living with her parents.
Nobody seems to want him.
After loading the boat into the water, the family began to take off.
She wanted to stretch her money so she tried to make it work.
Inviting all of his friends, family and coworkers for a Friday party.
The lifeguard yelled for everyone to get out of the water.
Tommy always wanted a puppy.
The thermostat became their biggest battleground.
She asked her friends what to do.
She went downtown to the welfare office.
She entered the gym and left her backpack on the bleachers.
But her family couldn't eat them all!
She had heard all about it but had never been before.
It was a clear, sunny day with calm waters.
She swiped her card but for some reason it was denied.
She decided to throw a party.
Today I got a request from my ex boss.
He did research based on his hobbies and skills.
I bought a Yashica.
She loved all the presents she usually got.
I went to the wine basement to get some wine.
He had more carrots than he could possibly eat.
He had about lost his patience.
In the morning she ran outside to greet her pal.
He was going to night school to learn about business.
We drove past a field full of llamas.
So a classmate, Zach, was told to share with him.
He wanted to use it to watch nature documentaries.
They didn't have anything to do.
She went into her garden to gather all the fruit she needed.
He tried out for the school paper, but they declined his membership.
Finding a house was nearly impossible.
But the only choice was the attic.
She had wanted to find a place she could be alone to cry.
She learned she was going to go backstage after.
The luggage requirement meant Dan had to pack light.
She tried on different wigs.
She ran through puddles and over potholes.
They decided to go to a local classical music concert.
The problem is is that there was no one there.
He joined his school's track and field team.
Whiskers was meowing at the foot of the bed.
It was a long and tedious job.
She carefully counted each coin before putting it in the paper roll.
As she was bending over she heard a loud noise.
She sat at her computer for an hour before her boss called her over.
My mother stopped by.
He was thrilled to get tickets to her concert.
So she studied all week.
He had painted some bushes for the setting.
As an adult he decided to get some.
My teacher taught the class about the color red.
It finally rebuilt the coast.
When Emma turned 18 she decided to search for birth parents.
He poured a tall glass of milk.
He was unfamiliar with the area and got lost one day.
He couldn't figure out if the modifier applied to both clauses.
One night, neither one of them could decide on a movie.
She decided to make an account on an online dating site.
He finds it very slow.
Bill decided he had not consumed enough water.
He contacted a local business because they didn't have a website.
It paid only in commission.
She had parked her van and was unhitching her 2 year old twins.
This was the first time she was going to get her haircut.
She and her husband drove to a library and picked up books.
He accepted a full-ride scholarship to the University of Texas.
He drove and picked up his food.
I stumbled across the Harry Potter Lego game for the iPad.
She couldn't afford professional bleaching.
He was worried that the landlord would get angry about the damage.
Her mother hated going to the mall because it was far away.
They mutually agreed to seek divorce.
During a storm, both parents were killed in a car accident.
He wants to be popular at his school.
Some would call Anni an adrenaline junkie.
As she was running down the street her high heel broke right off!
He told his friends he would go.
Her mom was very worried.
But she had eight teachers and couldn't afford eight gifts!
A friend at work invited her to a party in the park.
They could always make him feel great, even if things weren't great.
Every day, people would knock on his door and Mike would ignore them.
My wife found a nearby restaurant and made a reservation.
He found the gear online and placed his order.
She prepared all week for this.
He played it everyday after school.
She asked her parents for one every year.
His friend suggested that he study the works of great leaders.
He received good grades in every course except for one.
He sold burgers all day while suppressing his desire for burgers.
After a quick search online, Ian found a game called Duck Duck Goose.
They had to keep it secret so her parents wouldn't find out.
It was very beautiful and exciting.
She collected her books and notes first.
During the movie his phone kept ringing.
She looked up and saw an iguana on her roof.
He said he woke up from a nap and his knee hurt.
He never would have guessed it would lead to a new career.
He left work early in order to get to work on time.
And Jeff and his class were having a Christmas party.
But the one thing he wanted to do was catch a live lobster.
They looked like chocolate chip.
They talked as they sat in the boat.
Suddenly, a girl rode her bike out in front of him.
But he was getting too tired.
His girlfriend and friends tell him to cut it.
Mark wanted to go out and explore.
He forgot this cellphone was still in the back pocket of his jeans.
But they quickly became bored.
She had fallen asleep watching TV after eating dinner.
Suddenly, they became stuck in the snow.
She started ordering her coffee "half caff".
She wanted to spend all her time playing with him.
He stood in his living room and pretended to bowl.
She opened her door and saw everything scattered.
The senior class was having the annual day to cut class.
She has to go throw ten tissues every minute.
He wanted to be like his hero, gatsby.
She stumbles and falls but keeps it up.
Once on a visit, she inquired as to why her birthday was not everyday.
He asked for money.
Lisa applied for a job she really wanted.
Every year, they would grow tomatoes in their garden.
As the car hit 90 mph, he suddenly saw flashing red and blue lights.
It was cheap, but it needed a new furnace.
They had been best friends for 10 years and were going to San Diego.
She remembered last year when she had consumed too much alcohol.
She ordered a cup of coffee.
He had been practicing his guitar for so long he knew he was ready.
He got the bottle and shook it over his plate.
He purchased a sports car like one in the movie.
I quickly ran to the lady and checked if she was still conscious.
Her mother said she was too small, but Audrey knew she could do it.
Golfers were often invited to play on the weekend with the managers.
Max picked up a dirt rock and threw it at his friend Aaron.
She told Jeff to throw the ball as fast as he can.
He goes to the grocery store but can't find anything he likes.
But she decided she would rather have a book.
She went on a diet.
He came to America for a vacation.
When he got to the turkeys, they only had frozen ones left!
I only heated the bag for several minutes.
She invited all the girls except Katie.
He had a bit too much to drink.
There was a big crowd at the ticket counter.
He figured the best way was to eat healthy and get exercise.
I was honored to be invited.
I agreed and he said he'd pick me up in a half an hour.
I had forgotten her inspection was expired.
He knows that they are unhealthy and bad for his teeth.
And they wanted to try out several different kinds.
As I was running my phone slipped out of my pocket.
She brought a book to pass the time.
Ann decided to go bail him out.
Alas, I couldn't afford to pay him back.
He needed to study a specific book.
I decided to sharpen it.
He invited her to the skating rink.
The smell of gas would make Chad's allergies act up.
He carefully accumulated all of the players from his hometown's team.
Early one morning his mother woke him up to do some chores.
One year, she spent Thanksgiving with her family, 4 hours away.
Jeff went over to see the cat and pet it.
One day she saw her friend Nina practicing in the pool.
One day Andy asked her to go the fair with him.
She has been making fun of me every day.
A man drinking at the bar was antagonized by another.
She wore her nicest dress.
He went to the corner store and bought a bag full of candy.
He called in sick from work.
She drove to the mall with her friends.
She looked everywhere.
He understands he is just one person.
His mother only bought chocolate.
He didn't have dental insurance though.
He heard a loud bang and covered his head.
His father would not build him one.
They all started answering the questions and keeping score.
He decided to move the furniture around.
Suddenly, one of the couples began to argue.
He wouldn't change his socks for days.
She hadn't seen this family for a year even though they live close.
He'd bought tickets to see an Irish folk trio dance.
He thought Rita would like it.
There was cute guy who worked there.
He looked down to see his mom's angel statue broken on the ground.
She styled her friend's hair on a regular basis.
The tournament raises money for MS awareness.
Joe explained that he was at the diner and invited Cam.
It came up heads each and every time.
She was talking on the cell phone.
On the day I officially became a teacher, I met a student.
They prepared the colors, and boiled the eggs.
4 days later and I still haven't started my search for a new role.
We visited the Statue of Liberty.
Rabbits kept getting into her vegetables.
Once it was his turn he ordered a slice.
They have 2 boys and a girl.
Sick of watching the video, Lily snuck it into the trash.
She went into labor very suddenly.
His friends always have, and he doesn't want to be left out.
She decided she would go to the library.
He moved towards the front and he could read it perfectly.
They hadn't been up to it in years.
She invited all her friends.
He's very happy with his choice in fireplaces.
He'd run away from home weeks ago.
One day, the local cafe put pickles in my burger.
Hours of crocheting love went into making the afghan.
He waited patiently for her in the grocery store.
He only had half of the money he needed to buy it.
We made sure it was full each time so we didn't know what was happened.
At first she liked the country.
All the bacon was piled up on a plate on the counter.
Her friend's mom and dad cooked a turkey and five side dishes.
Gina had to return to the store.
She bought him a bike with training wheels.
It was for the talent show.
He thought he could never be beat.
They all started playing volleyball.
One night Frank and his friend had a drinking contest.
They decided they would send care packages to soldiers.
I took my dog Ziggy to the dog park.
He kept tossing and turning.
They began to meet to celebrate their passion.
She had added three gallons of water to the basket.
There was a lot of snow in our city that year.
He began to paint his house Green.
He wanted to get a new laptop.
While walking they stopped by the park.
He was fishing for squid.
And he knew it was important to eat a nutritious breakfast.
The wooden doors splintered with each impact.
We all took an Uber to get to the bar.
She planned a pool party for him with his entire class.
She had seen the movie 10 times, but still loved to watch.
She was super excited.
He got a degree in graphic design but doesn't like to use computers.
She decided to plant a lilac bush in her backyard.
Their new job was an hour away.
Once, I made a huge jug of iced tea.
She'd been sick for a week, and the last of her tissues was gone.
I named it Toby and it was one of my closest friends.
Yet she felt betrayed anyway and it crushed her will.
He decided to work as a dog walker.
He threw a single ball behind a tree stump.
The only problem was that Kristen came up to her and yelled at her.
She didn't have enough money to buy her own, though.
A branch broke and Meghan fell out of the tree!
He carted them down the dark hall to the storage room in the back.
My coworkers and I would go there on Fridays after our shifts.
On his way home from Hollywood, he found $10 on steps.
It's turning out fantastic.
She charged fifty cent for a glass of fresh squeezed lemonade.
He really wanted to impress a girl there.
A little boy told me that a while ago.
Jane pointed to a picture of a wedding dress that was $900.
She was at Walgreen's with her grandfather and saw the cards.
There was a math test coming up soon.
One of his friends recommends that he tries playing basketball.
He took extra time to get ready.
He was worried that he could not continue his work.
We invaded Iraq in 2002.
Brandon's girlfriend was in the bed.
On his first day he didn't know how to pour the cement.
It was messy she could never find the clothes she needed.
But he wanted to know what it was like.
In class one day, Mrs Franklin's  computer stopped working.
My wife shops for hours.
Another customer chased the thief through the store.
He posted an ad on a dating website.
He said he found the bullet on the playground.
I've been getting impatient waiting for it to grow.
Ben decided to sneak out and go to the park anyway.
When her sister returned it, Emma was angry.
He was passed in the draft by many teams.
It was time to buy another car.
She was beyond bored.
She was using old wood and rope that she found.
Although she was fifty, she still wanted to learn.
Kim kept an eye on the news station online all day at work.
He got a girl's number.
The archery teacher showed her how to hold the bow and shoot.
He gathered up some friends.
I decided to pack a basket full of food to take with us.
I went to see a doctor.
Baylee thought it would be funny to hide in the washer.
He decided that he would meet with a recruiter for information.
Suddenly, Jonathan realized he had forgotten flowers!
I buy expensive shampoo and he would use lots of it.
Bill had the ball and ran toward the other team's goal.
She decided to buy clothes.
They put an ad in the bulletin needing more teachers.
This is a Chinese language dialect.
A very pretentious woman walked in and ordered her food.
She was very worried about missing the birthday party.
She will read books to pick a destination.
He has always desired to serve his country.
They loved going there.
She drew some pictures for herself, too.
After a few months of practice, he was capable of juggling well.
But she worried they weren't clean enough.
She really wanted to lose the pregnancy weight.
When I was 16 he would let me practice in an empty parking lot.
He decided to save his money for a trip.
When I arrived, I saw some strange men running quickly towards me.
He decides to take it to the auto shop to get it changed.
He got into politics to be able to boss other people around.
She bought a new book every time she went to the store.
He wanted to be big and strong like his older brother.
He was at the last note of his instrumental song.
He was the biggest rooster I had ever seen.
He was ready to leave, but his wife stopped him.
Steven had some initial hesitations.
I noticed that he smelled really bad.
Two of the kids were dating.
However, he felt embarrassed to ask anyone for help.
Every name she came up with, her husband disagreed on.
But she thinks she'll never land her ideal position.
She had never tried it.
Lisa decided she didn't want the doll house to be pink anymore.
Some friends get together and spend the night pushing them back in.
They decided to drive around the neighborhood and find Porky.
When the taxi arrived, I walked inside.
She decided to feed the chickens there.
When he woke up, he had a personal message in his inbox.
He put aside money each paycheck in savings.
He went into the woods to set some off.
He was asking him about a recent article when Angela sat near them.
On the way there, he considered a lot of different excuses.
She saw a snowflake fall from the sky.
Halloween was her favorite holiday, so she was very motivated.
The ones she had were too restrictive.
I attended one of his concerts.
He knew how to do almost anything.
It had been like this all game season.
He took it in.
They hiked down to the lake.
Her family did not have much money, so they did not travel much.
First they had to paint all of the edges of the room.
He walked to a local redbox and began to find a movie.
He ignored her advice and did it anyway.
The puppy likes to chew on the furniture.
He ignored her because he was busy playing.
He wanted to see how fast it could get him to work.
One of the people that drove through dropped their food on the ground.
He didn't set an alarm.
She decided she would become an extreme coupon clipper.
The worker at the front desk called me into the office.
Lots of people warned me that it was risky.
He ran around the house waking everyone up.
After sweeping, she swept the mess in a pile by her door.
She was quite nervous about it actually.
I got a medical checkup and was then ready to go to boot camp.
Jo was a soft white kitty.
She wore it every day.
His friend tossed the ball to him.
We got there so early that no one else was there.
He found a roll of stickers by the register that said items were paid.
He was interested in buying shares of Apple.
She got to see the cockpit.
She noticed a shiny object on the ground.
She thought it needed something to make it pop.
A young man whom he had never met approached him.
Suddenly, she saw a funny character on one of the ads.
She went on dates and dinners with this man.
Last summer he went on a week long hike.
I decided to use the leg press machine.
So I memorized some lines from Einstein's paper on Relativity.
They are a lesbian couple, with a 10-year-old son.
But they were cool and she wasn't.
George loved to surf, so he brought his board.
But he had trouble making progress on it.
Earl had always won in the past.
She was almost failing and needed to pass the class.
I've been slowly collecting books of the comics over the Year's.
I mapped out a short tv cooking show outline.
One day Chris suggested doing a long ride across the country.
It's a neck and neck race between the two siblings.
He noticed there was cars behind him and they were honking.
She gave him some seeds to grow his own vegetables.
His car wouldn't start before work.
I want some snow to go out and play in.
They were floating in the lake behind their grandparent's house.
Suddenly, I bit into something hard.
On his first day, he lost several packages.
My friends told me that you have to try the fish.
She told me that she might be late since she's in traffic.
Her best friend had just cancelled their movie night.
When he was younger he dreamed of winning strength competitions.
We signed up on the local website.
She walked into the office and introduced herself.
His teachers were trying to do a funny skit.
Jake went on a diet to lose weight.
But she didn't know anything about fashion.
We went to a seafood restaurant.
He enjoyed the game very much.
All of a sudden a huge tornado loomed above.
Lee tried a new restaurant every weekend.
He thought that one result was too high to be correct.
Her phone had no battery.
She started to notice that the whole beach had cleared.
She loaded all her purchases onto the counter.
He felt scared and worried since he had homework to do.
He had to cut up construction paper for his presentation board.
He was covering someone else's shift.
Jane pointed out trees, birds, and pretty houses.
One of the boys started to speed up.
Since Stacey was Hindu, it was against her religion to eat beef.
But she didn't like languages and wasn't good at science or math.
She had VIP backstage tickets to meet Justin after the show.
I try and be polite but it makes no difference.
She and her husband wanted a big family.
Her boyfriend had been worried, as she'd been unstable for ages.
It really tested Dwayne's patience and they quarreled often.
The kids don't want to play with Randall.
He made a big pile of leaves.
We were both excited as the we began the trip.
She knew her mom wanted a new sweater.
He was too scared to talk to her.
The instructions called for a shovel, but Vince didn't have one.
Her car was parked in a parking garage.
Hannah was deciding whether to pick me or Jill.
He bought chocolate, licorice and jelly beans.
After high school he went to Washington State University.
He thought he was strong enough to quit on his own.
She was competing in a competition.
She couldn't deal with the loud, obnoxious noise any more.
He developed PTSD because of the war.
He had a freezer full of bacon to make sure he always had some.
He liked eating the cotton candy.
He raced in between traffic at dangerous speeds.
Her mom asked what happened.
No one saw who among the 6 passengers killed the elderly man.
He heard a rustling noise in the bush nearby.
He told his landlord he was at the hospital.
She had been away at college for a whole semester.
Millie vacuumed the floor.
She went to her local gym for lessons.
She spent hours in front of one each day.
But he did not have many ingredients.
He was practicing with it in his backyard.
He arrived an hour late, and was dressed poorly.
But he couldn't afford a tux or a limo.
After getting there we realized we had forgotten diapers.
Sometimes she struggled to find someone to play with.
Her current one hurt her back.
Jenny was delighted to find some speckled green hen eggs.
I had romantic feelings for her and wanted to confess my feelings.
But he wasn't sure if he should upgrade his existing one instead.
But she didn't like the health aspects of it.
He would say racial slurs jokingly.
His teacher recommended that he go see a tutor.
He stuck his hand in the box to get the prize out.
Her work and performance in school has been lacking.
Somehow a company got the name of my store and address.
That evening, she went on stage and sang two songs.
She wanted to eliminate soda from her diet.
Jay was going to go to live with his grandma in Illinois.
Jenny loved the card so much that she saved it.
She had broken the heel off her favorite pair.
He prepared meticulously for this particular interview.
He decided on a gingerbread house because of the season.
She was walking ahead of him when she heard a buzzing.
Dad turned and left without responding.
They were going to watch a movie.
He flew into the capital city of Suva.
I couldn't shake that helpless feeling.
The necklace was pink gold and filled with diamonds.
This morning however, Kelly couldn't make it.
She decided to go to the local farmer's market to buy her vegetables.
But he did not own even one.
She became addicted to working out.
He did not have money to buy a new one.
There was a cliff near his house and he had an idea.
He thought they were boring.
In the morning, Alfred wanted to make him a delicious breakfast.
He was eager to propose but he feared she'd say no.
The bear was so ugly that it drove people away from the zoo.
Even if only from afar.
The rest of the bridesmaids were wearing neutral colors.
I'd just seen a zombie movie last night and was feeling playful.
He found a recipe and gathered the ingredients.
He regularly travelled the world dancing for large audiences.
He knows he must continue his hard work.
He saw an adorable puppy in the pet store window.
He saves up his money for a whole year.
She is retired.
She feared that her son, Ernie, had been acting up in class.
She opened the door to a policeman.
She put it off as long as she could.
She was really excited that her favorite book was being made a movie.
They said it was a holiday and the banks would be closed.
She worked hard mixing the ingredients together.
I felt I needed to get out of there.
By the third day, she really missed home.
He needed to install some screws with a hex head.
Her parents warned her not to mess with that stuff.
I had drank dark liquor and way too much of it.
He knew he had to be alone.
Disobeying her mother, she opened the closet door anyway.
She had cheated on him many times.
He took the buses and subways.
When her friends asked her to go, she didn't want them to know.
She had worked all summer.
She was discussing things with a couple who were serious about buying.
he often cheated innocent people.
One day she started getting the sniffles.
He begrudgingly accepted their proposition.
He was playing his favorite shooting gaming on Xbox Live.
They used to talk about having a startup tech company.
I drove to the Apple Store to look at the selection.
She would often sell the guppies to other people.
She worked really hard on the essay especially.
He was a shy person and didn't know how to approach his coworkers.
He practices every day in his bedroom.
He had been taking lessons at his school for Years.
Scott is allergic to bees.
She visits a vineyard in California to try their wine.
She learned how to make scarves, mittens, and hats.
At night they grew cold.
They were playing near a pond.
Her friends moaned in disdain whenever she made a new pun.
He went into a forest nearby with his binoculars.
Amanda's teenage daughter wanted the new IPhone 6.
Her favorite cousins were coming.
Her two hour surgery went well.
It was very expensive!
He looks into his cupboard and refrigerator but there is little food.
He started his car and started to drive.
He never did carve it.
She tried really hard to get that position.
He loves Sunday morning worship services in the main sanctuary.
She decided to bake a loaf of bread.
When her friend may called she was happy to hear from her.
She balked at wearing a hairnet when she got a waitress job.
The kids in my neighborhood joked that it was haunted.
She decided to take a trip to Walmart.
She walked into the Delta plane with amazement.
So Marcy storms out of the house to go to her friends.
He saw that the ps4 was expensive.
They were unsure how they would like it.
One day, she decided to make a pie.
He looked at his script from the night and took out a pen.
She brought her new puppy, Spot.
We went to the IHOP five Years ago on March 8th.
Nate plans to sell off his old baseball card collection.
They were meeting for lunch and they both showed up dressed identical.
They came across a party held by her friend's church.
Ally was sad because she couldn't leave her job to follow him.
The rat annoyed the family, as it chewed up wires in the home.
He slipped and fell.
But the more he thought about it, the more nervous he became.
He arrived early and waited for her in the lobby.
All winter, Theo begged for cherries, but she rarely got them.
She laid in front of the tv all day watching MTV.
He decided to fix the roof himself.
He had to go into detail about a topic.
Then she happened to find an object on the ground.
She was measuring out the cocoa.
No one told him why he was arrested but only that he should confess.
She worried that she would struggle to meet people in college.
I wanted to go see this old village up in the mountains.
He watched it routinely when he got the chance.
She found paid surveys online.
She had checked her diaper.
Although Tara loved to go shopping, she didn't have any money.
It was discovered that she had a medical condition.
The kids had fun.
He had a whole folder full of robot drawings.
When she was young the door was always open.
This was very unexpected and he was incredibly upset.
The ice rink was unfortunately closed.
While backing up, he felt a sudden thump.
She first called the interviewer by the wrong name.
He joined the Weight Watchers program and attended weekly meetings.
She had never cheered before.
He noticed a man, with a dark skin tone, carrying an expensive watch.
She knew they were affecting her weight and her health.
Lauren arrived home from work two hours later.
Bob didn't feel like getting out of bed.
She thought she would make a bad mother.
He told her to take the first shot and she did.
She loved to paint.
There was a deal on suits so he bought two.
She decided to fill it with saltwater creatures.
After the machine received my change, it converted it to cash.
He only wanted fries.
He was a very competitive guy.
He took out his ladder to get a better look at the situation.
And she noticed that most of the girls were wearing mini skirts.
Yesterday, Jonathan set his keys on his desk when he got to work.
A voice came over the intercom.
Every day as he went to work he thought about other things he could do.
She was turning 2 Years old!
Her mom was excited too, and came over to help her decorate.
She covered them with syrup.
One of best beaches I love going to is on Martha's Vineyard.
He decided to take a quick nap.
He looked in the back and saw some bananas.
She decided to make some for herself.
My friend greeted me and I gave her a mean look.
He started learning about running technique and theory.
They played minor league baseball in Brockton, MA.
Some of my neighbors complain that it is too early to listen to music.
It was located on Dover Street.
My feet got soaked because there's holes in my shoes.
She'd always pester her friends to join her.
During that two hour lecture, I sketched a drawing of her profile.
Each time he dove he would test his limits more and more.
In second grade, I had a really hard time grasping math.
We were eating a turkey meal.
He couldn't understand the problem when it was explained in Chinese.
She couldn't resist all the great deals on clothes that day.
Today his car wouldn't start because it was so cold outside.
It was 4.30 and she was sure they would be closing soon.
Suddenly, her car broke down.
The manager worked at a wedding chapel.
She decided to build a giant snowman.
He went to a bar to inform people about how to read his book.
A local art critic saw his work and told him he was the best.
So she bought several paper plates.
He wanted to be closer to his job.
She brought spare socks to her desk at work.
She waived hello to neighbors she knew.
Sean hated Bob so Sean hid some peanuts in Bob's brownies.
All of the money and my credit cards were gone.
He decided to grow Christmas trees on his land.
His wife was out of town on business.
She wasn't sure she liked the idea of eating raw fish.
It was a beautiful afternoon.
She always had mousy brown hair and glasses.
Their escape had been entirely too easy.
Since he was only five, his dad only let him use a kid's fishing pole.
She was low on funds and could only afford one tube of paint.
She was very nervous and quite reluctant.
We needed a new area rug.
Everyone told him to go take Randi's million dollar challenge.
She had been at this job for 30 minutes.
She was making pasta with meatballs.
I've started selling the bracelets online.
She had invited her whole family to come and watch her.
She asked who knew the parts of the compound word.
They went to Loch Ness, hoping to spot the notorious monster!
For breakfast was the usual time, but he ate it at other times.
He would let the dishes pile up high before he did them.
There, they showed the class how to churn butter from cream.
She sat down and wrote all the things she wanted for Christmas.
He felt embarrassed that all of his friends were so athletic.
He was homeless, friendless and had no real prospects.
He particularly pushes the Marx Brothers' films.
She completed a major editing project ahead of schedule.
She tried to poke the hole with the straw.
Swamp Taro is swarming with bees.
Its artistic director lives in our apartment building.
Usually in the armpits, sometimes the belly.
On her way back from the bathroom she felt a breeze.
Her grandmother liked tea.
Barrett practiced daily to improve his skills.
He had to drive after a huge snowstorm.
One day, his wife suggested they start a family tradition.
A guy was using the weights.
I decided to cut it down with my chainsaw.
While he waited for the pan to warm, he juggled with the eggs.
He couldn't decide between a cat or dog.
We went to the store to get all the ingredients.
One day, a talent scout approached Abe.
He heard a knock on his garage door.
The children asked if they could have some cotton candy.
He began to sing his song.
We dug holes everywhere looking for rocks.
She would not speak to him.
I started wheezing extremely bad.
She was very excited and wanted to pick a nice name.
She was knocked out before the end of the first half.
Her dad took her to the park to teach her.
He decided to buy new pants.
She decided to indulge and purchased fuzzy white ones.
She looked online at cars near her home.
Her younger siblings were a set of twins.
The children did not want to listen to his mom.
She couldn't go underwater without holding her nose.
Tom was at a coffee shop.
She had roller skated so she thought it wouldn't be too hard.
He was interested after taking a quick look at the pictures.
I found and killed the spider.
She went there everyday.
He misbehaved often.
He set his alarm for seven in the morning.
I found it very difficult to learn the different nouns.
She jumped out of bed and look out the window.
He ate them for every meal, every day.
It took a lot of work, but the dinner was finished just as he arrived.
She practiced beforehand.
Her school is holding a career day.
My girlfriend showed me an audiobook app I can download.
And he wanted something to drink.
First she visited the car dealership in town.
The first two days I searched online for openings.
Soon after I won I realized that I had to work this weekend.
It was a Ford Taurus.
She carefully did her make-up and put on perfume.
It was a beautiful day to be outside.
When it came time to pay her card was declined.
He had packed his suitcase to go study abroad in London.
It was so itchy, she scratched it until it bled.
He went to the store to buy some razors.
I decided I wanted a sandwich.
We spent months getting it ready and then moving.
It spilled and moved all over the floor.
So I talked to my manager.
They decided they wanted to  climb on top of a shed.
She asked her boyfriend matt to go out to get some.
He asked his mother to take him shopping.
We looked throughout for a book to rent.
The antique store was crowded with items, leaving little room to move.
Yet when she got into the backyard, she saw it was very hot.
As a reward for her hard work she was given a promotion.
He woke up late and hit traffic, it was 8:50 when he got to the gate.
Jason decided to make her dinner.
Against her parents' wishes, she snuck into the office to use it.
She prepared fried chicken and mashed potatoes.
Whether in the microwave or oven, he loved the taste.
But something Marlene did was weirder than most.
First I tried the mall, but it was too packed with people.
He feels a weight on his stomach.
But she always sang alone!
He had just entered the building.
He dug through his cabinets but there was nothing.
Will is an established player.
They had fun in the sun.
After a week of dieting, the number hadn't budged.
I hadn't seen him in a long time and we decided to have dinner.
He awoke to something wet on his face.
The news called for over a feet of snow.
SHe went to SHoprite.
I got into my car and went on the road.
Laura's mom missed having a cat, and it was her mom's birthday.
Cora felt very bad for her.
In 2004 they meet the Yankees again in the playoffs.
They have been going to the same show for six Year's.
She boarded the flight and flew back to her home town.
She looked through books and magazines to find inspiration.
He wouldn't sleep without his special blanket.
The storm made it impossible for her to see, and she crashed her car.
One day there was a fire in the building her shop was in.
One day his coworkers take him to a local Indian restaurant to try it.
On the day of the reunion, I put the location of the event in my GPS.
He copied the lyrics of an old jazz song, thinking no one would know.
Hannah quietly approach Henry.
She lets her friends play with them.
I took it with me everywhere.
She does not have a car and the store is too far to walk.
They decided to visit the local bar scene.
They grew up together side by side their whole lives.
They played in the water, despite dark clouds approaching.
One night while I was walking, I fell in the hole.
He and his dad were putting up flyers explaining he was lost.
Bryan had a lemon tree outside, so he went out to get some.
Her daddy took her to the animal shelter to look.
He could not tell time.
He loved alfalfa.
She said the woman had a bun in the oven.
She was having trouble picking a name for her.
She went to her local Mexican restaurant.
This eagle represented America and was called Uncle Sam.
She felt sick and ran to the bathroom.
He went to the local store to buy one ticket.
She had bought him a little balloon too.
He really loves the internet, and learns a lot from websites.
He went home and began to think of ideas for a painting.
He used a tape measure to size up the hole in the wall.
He popped the hood to see what it was.
New-comers were supposed to play a silly game, but she didn't want to.
She hoped to win.
On the ground there was a $5 bill.
Her sister ran in crying after seeing a dead deer in a truck.
The lambs and the piglets were very sweet.
He could not wait for lunch time.
One day a pigeon sat on an empty flower pot by our fire escape.
He measured out the wood with a ruler and pencil.
Ali and May's sister Val hated each other.
Late one night, we were telling scary stories when we heard knocking.
Her roommate asked her to turn it down.
One day I awoke to having no feeling below my waist.
It affected him so much, he got on drugs at age thirteen.
He was very serious and always told the truth.
She asked her coach how to be better at basketball.
He had to write a paragraph about something he liked.
She just wanted to make friends.
He walked into the meeting room and found a seat.
We went in Dec.
Terra was visiting those swamps, but didn't believe the hype.
He drove to many dealerships.
Was the only one in his family to go to college.
She vowed she would do things nicely from now on.
She can't stop buying them.
They had their first child on the fifth of August.
When she arrived at the hair salon, it was very crowed.
However, he realizes that watching sports might help him meet people.
She wanted to make them healthier.
He was walking around when he saw a dog running around.
He loved the one on one time he spent with his son.
Suddenly they came upon a car crash on the road.
All of the sudden, a bird decided to perch on his shoulder.
But all she could find was a thin paintbrush handle.
It seems like these days just about every show gets cancelled.
There were bears in the woods right outside the restaurant.
He counted his sheep one morning and 5 were missing.
I wanted choirs, praise dancers and preachers.
His primary job as a web developer did not pay very well.
Then the dentist said he could not help her yet.
She thought she could melt the ice with the rear defrost.
Finally the day has arrived for Jorge to learn.
She woke up suddenly in the middle of the night.
He invented a drone that could stream live video on the Internet.
It was a terrible experience.
He had her now, but she was still afraid.
In the distance his friend waved in a big gesture.
Recently, Chad's friend invited him on his speed boat.
The light came on and I saw I had a notification.
They were very competitive towards each other.
He wanted them to be buried together for eternity.
Black Friday was happening during her first week.
I biked six miles through city streets to my job.
She does not understand why Americans like snow cones.
They would go fishing and sometimes swimming.
Suddenly he saw a strange glistening patch of sand.
It's owners were very surprised.
All of a sudden, a dog came out into the street.
He was new to the area and not used to the climate.
He ran out of blue paint after he finished painting the sky.
I added dirt and seeds to the window box.
He was in the basement when he heard it ring.
One day he won two tickets for entry.
She chose to become a teacher at the height of her fame.
By accident, he stepped on someone's new pair of shoes.
My drive there was very interesting and a little scary.
She threw frisbee with him one day.
He also loved to watch them race, on TV.
She decided they were going to stay in a big house.
William drove to the store to buy her a gift.
The visit had been way too long.
He saw an ad for a position he might like.
It was an orphan and all alone.
Tonight they first dressed up like Elsa and Olaf.
He woke up early because of the roosters.
He had never played in front of a crowd before.
This one time we were on a trip to see New Schwanstein.
When they arrived, it was very cold inside.
He plays it every day after school.
Now she was in labor with her second.
She often talked on her phone while driving.
He told me i need to drink more water.
One day she got it study in the hair dryer.
She asked me to meet her on her lunch break.
Her step father liked his kids more, and proved it when he beat Anita.
On the first cold day, she proudly wrapped the scarf around her neck.
He decided to have a party for his fans.
She was doing her stretches in the floor beside the bed.
They had to try hard to win so they practiced a lot.
Things were taking a while and Sara was getting anxious.
He wants to make a little extra money.
It took a long time.
When she walked in, she felt awkward.
He slipped on a small amount of water on the floor.
She decided to try out for the volleyball team but she failed.
She met some friends there.
He asked his parents for advice.
Before the discussion started, my math teacher went to the bathroom.
He was at the grocery store checking each one out.
She would blow on it and it would spin.
She saw that he brand was at the top of the shelf.
Her dad's health had been declining and he didn't have much time left.
He sprained one of his fingers.
He looked outside and wanted to shoo it away.
His beautiful home had many fineries.
After they ate corndog and cotton candy they watched a circus.
As they grew older, they drifted apart.
Dave found a series of videos about fitness on the internet.
His father told him that there is not much money in that career.
The next morning Thomas was checking out his yard.
She hoped for a little boy.
He checked his bank account.
She had all her friends over.
Maggie did not like ladybugs.
The snow fell for a little while, and then stopped.
He had two big brothers.
They used cups to shape turrets on top.
He went to the adoption center to find one.
Lynn suggested they sneak to the park.
Her housekeeper Rosie had been on vacation.
Howie orders pepperoni and bacon pizza.
She was unsure of exactly what style she wanted.
He decided to eat the entire pie at once.
She had a few pair in her hands and asked the salesperson for advice.
It's the worst job he ever experienced.
Her brother thought it would be funny to prank her.
I went to the local coin dealer last week.
I ran upstairs where the television was to watch the news with others.
She was afraid they would freak out.
He began studying many religions.
Even random strangers were part of his wrath.
The target was in his sights, but he had to recalibrate.
He did fifty push ups a day.
I was confused by the variety of remedies available.
She told me that she recently found out that she's pregnant.
She decided to make herself some celery sticks with peanut butter.
After a while my girlfriend came by and shouted at us.
He screamed at night because of the pain.
His flight was delayed due to weather.
She cooked the meat.
He would draw them constantly.
They went to the pound.
He met great people.
He began to walk to the store when he felt very tired.
They went to sell them in front of the local deli.
The entire family love playing with Rex.
He got caught in the rain.
He had some broken wire in a wall so he needed to buy new wire.
Everyone at work bought tickets.
I decided to shave them even though I'm a man.
He was staying at a very low quality hotel.
Kevin was very excited to see other dogs.
We started playing online chess after years of not playing.
She had never seen anything like it.
As he headed into the second curve on the final lap his tire flew off.
He never thought much about the people he worked for, until one day.
He's a very safe driver.
They asked around to find out who had the best Pizza.
She really wanted to go to college but her parents were poor.
She ran into a spider web.
Within days he got an email about it.
He went out to play and when he came back there was only six dollars.
I decided to see a therapist.
Fred and his sister hung up signs all around the neighborhood.
He decided to cut his own wood one day.
Then she thought of a calorie-sensible alternative.
He was so excited to be Spiderman.
She just put files in the file cabinet at random.
The bunny really likes to hop around my backyard.
He was approached by two young men outside of the store.
Vicki was an architect.
He would sleep twelve hours and need ten more.
A small pebble was kicked up by the car in front of her.
She decided to enter a race to show off her rowing skill.
It was a doodle of a pirate.
He decided to go there for a vacation.
It smelled very strong.
They had never been there before.
The girls didn't notice the sun was setting.
She was given a black lab to look after.
There was a lot of dead grass that needed to be cleaned up.
The corner had cut her deeply.
She had passed a lot of the tests already.
Meisha was furious and did not think she could do it.
She had never done it before but it seemed pretty easy.
She made people laugh but they would soon grow tired of her antics.
He gave it to a stock broker to invest.
I made sure I had all the ingredients.
He preached about ways to care for other people.
One afternoon, Emily went to check on her cat.
Later on she let her dog out to pee.
He decided to visit the grand canyon.
He and Tom were playing cards.
Lucy wasn't a very strong swimmer.
His first offer was $4000 dollars and someone accepted.
This game determined who would go on to state finals.
He got an F in math.
They were eating seafood.
Her husband told her he was laid off from his job.
It was from the government.
She tried it and it was delicious.
She didn't know how to change a flat tire.
Theo's father was in the army.
Mae baked the cake all by herself.
She had only intended to purchase one.
I went to the pet store and looked around.
She never had a pet before.
She decided to get help.
She feared the constant vomiting and fatigue meant she was very sick.
He decided to learn astronomy.
His wife asked if he could pick up some formula.
I tore out all of the old cabinets without a problem.
Kate looked through the phone book for a qualified instructor.
He assumed all they did was stretch slowly for 90 minutes.
There was not a store where she lived to buy a new nail file.
I rode three speed Raleigh bikes.
She lived far away from him, and was hungry.
All of her friends play too.
The area was very empty and devoid of noise.
She felt something on her foot.
Later, the same job was offered for twice the pay.
They went on a hayride through the trees.
She  needed her mother to bring her a spare key.
Every morning he makes a list of what fruit he would like that day.
She looked at the clock.
His vest bomb had been bothering him for the better part of a day.
But it was wintertime and the weather made rollerblading impossible.
He packed his work shirt into a light backpack.
Jody ordered pancakes.
He is 98 and has poor short term memory.
He was walking funny since he felt tired.
He decided to pick her up and carry her.
When the cousin went to the swimming hole, Dan followed.
It was a hot day outside.
She had several green beers.
She bought a fry daddy.
He was careful with his laptop whenever he used it.
She always wanted to be a nurse.
She didn't have any nice clothes because nothing fit her well.
She buys a treadmill for her home.
When Paul opened his shop, he worked hard on promoting it.
She applied at a store near her home and never heard back.
One time she met a Unicorn named Francis.
He decided to sign up for painting classes.
He was not the best on his high school team but had high hopes.
There were so many interesting things at the mall to look at!
But to her horror, she found that her internet was down!
He visited the home of a piano teacher in his area.
Luckily, a passing stranger noticed her struggle and offered to help.
He hated being stuck in small spaces with others.
David's friend spilled juice on the shirt.
She has not even started.
I dug them out of the closet and tossed them in the trash.
They researched and found just the right neighborhood.
We reserved a pavilion and decorated the place.
He had dreams of one day making it big.
She wanted to trust that her boyfriend was faithful.
Inside she found $500 in cash and a driver's license.
As he got older he discovered he liked sour cream.
It was snowing and he wanted to try his all wheel drive.
But she was nervous to try out, fearing rejection.
He brags to all his friends that he is going to be the head chef.
She tried to ignore it for a few days, but it kept getting worse.
Their first stop was in Georgia to see their uncle Frank.
One day, they all went to Jim's house.
I was climbing well until we got to a certain route.
They played football as kids, and were the best of friends.
Recently she picked up the harry potter books.
I worked on about four of them and then started feeling out of it.
At the end of the walkway was an orange construction sign.
She soon found a man begging for change.
I went to the shed and got my Christmas tree and decorations.
She hung around the room for a while and went to take a walk.
She worked that her young students wouldn't like her.
Despite his friend asking, Jordan never let his friend have a turn.
To mix things up, she started attending cooking lessons on Tuesdays.
Lane put an add in the paper advertising her skills.
She wanted to win so she spent weeks practicing.
Then he uncovered a cache of acorns!
He was very excited as he unwrapped his presents.
She thought it would be a lot of fun.
The teacher tried to make class interesting.
Gina hadn't seen her friends from school for a month.
She was initially nervous.
She was nervous and worried about how she would sound.
Josh was successful, young, funny, smart and loyal.
She wanted to learn more about them.
One day his barber recommended he try hair gel.
He was riding his bike when he saw Brandon from class.
She needed some baby gates but couldn't afford them.
Tabatha was raking the leaves in her front yard.
Suddenly, the cops arrived.
She was going down her driveway when she hit a rock.
When Mark got older, he decided to work with kids.
He hasn't seen some of them in Years.
She walked along the frozen creek calling the dog's name.
She found a cooking tutorial online.
I read a graphic passage on vascular contractions during orgasm.
When the results came in she had seen that she won.
She had been trying for years.
The guest star portrayed a woman prisoner.
One day, while answers emails, he became curious about the company.
We always have a blast.
One night, he heard a weird popping sound.
After some thought, I agreed it needed to be done.
He turns up the volume so loud that you can't hear anything else.
Ali had gotten into a fight with the friends little sister.
It suddenly became windy since it was winter.
She snuck in after hours to eat her favorite candies.
Jim had to take time off from work to do so.
He arrived early, waited with nervous anticipation.
During a volley, an owl swooped in and seized their last ball.
In 1st grade he gave it up and played ice hockey.
Afterwards, I felt guilty about not sticking to my diet.
And she felt angry about all of the homework she had.
When the matriarch of the family passed away, chaos ensued.
Neither of them seemed to falter.
He sometimes finds things to get into.
They decided to take a trip to the beach one day.
I went to so many exciting cities and ate lots of different food.
She showed her stylist a picture of the haircut she wanted.
He saw the tops of trees splintering and crashing toward the ground.
He didn't mean to, but he fell asleep.
I noticed that several of the questions were complicated.
It was slowly driving a wedge between them and they knew it.
He especially didn't think he'd do it at a party.
She struggled to open it's door.
She wanted to shape it like a dinosaur.
She held her dog's leash in her hand.
He would always spend too much on them.
It was night and her siblings were asleep.
She went to the store to break a dollar.
Once there, we quickly went to our apartment we had rented.
As he was digging, he found an old medal in the dirt.
She always wanted to ride upstairs on a double decker bus.
The chair was beat up but Dave took it home anyway.
He discussed it with his wife.
She still felt she needed more.
And it was because was because Mike was always angry.
He went to Denali national park.
And his house only had one air conditioner that was in another room.
The other day I found a sand dollar.
When we were kids I used to like to beat him up.
They were on a long drive.
Unfortunately, the one she wanted was too expensive.
They needed furniture for their new home.
She never thought about where eggs came from.
Her final test is coming up.
She was a very small girl.
A caller hung up on her as she awaited an answer.
He unpacked his puppets from the suitcase.
It was written in the cover.
She painstakingly wrote a letter in Spanish to her new pal Juan.
He didn't know what it was.
When I got there it was terrifying.
On Saturday morning they got up early and went to the clear lake.
When they graduated, Charles' father gave him advice.
They were in town and driving to her grandma's house.
She was very excited and ready to dance.
Before we started, she wanted to get a drink from the vending machine.
She did not know how to change tires.
He needed to withdraw money for the weekend.
She was nervous about what to do after graduation.
She decided to play with them in her room.
He decided to plant a tree.
He felt nervous because they were very successful and he wasn't yet.
I stayed with a friend.
She went to the doctor to find out if the baby is a boy or a girl.
She now lived no where near the beach.
He went to the store to buy the meat.
He went outside and saw that the volcano on his island had erupted.
Ian paid him to buy and sell stocks.
He played on a high school baseball team.
That's why it was strange to his friends that Fred would shoplift.
Amy was drinking a Coke.
He was able to fill in most of it.
He thought of it like an alarm clock with no snooze button.
Mike noticed that something smelt bad so he left to the bathroom.
He was scared of flying.
There was a large old tree in his backyard.
Every nightmare she had came true.
Nell saw the moving truck come.
Jason asks his boss for a new chair.
Sometimes he would be too scared to sleep alone.
The troupe was returning!
My sister and I surprised him with some tickets to a ball game.
He said that he was going to florida for 4 days.
One of the little girl's got a new dress and showed her friends.
My girlfriend ate the last eggs we had.
His stomach began to hurt badly.
She was super excited to make the pizza.
It was about a fifty foot crab.
He went to a fast food place to order one.
His wife had told him she had important news.
I wanted to stay in school forever.
His cooks weren't making the recipes like they were supposed to be.
One was loose.
She needed some balloons.
I reached for my cell phone to call triple A.
He was cut from the team because he was not tall or fast enough.
He coughed and sneezed.
She did her best to bread and fry strips of chicken.
I stayed up all night until 3 in the  morning.
He likes it topped with lots of brown sugar.
They were in the middle of a game.
Him and his father went miles out into the woods and set up camp.
Sue told her the watch was super cool.
She seemed to feel the same about him.
He starts by studying for a standardized test.
The boss let him drive the bulldozer around for fun.
They came to a major street closed for construction.
But he didn't feel very motivated to finish it.
He studied the past work of his peers.
She worked very hard to get his weight up.
He saw all the episodes.
She bought a new swimsuit and sandals.
I refused.
It has a lot of gold coloring on it.
Nobody believed they could come back, it was impossible.
One day, at the swimming pool, he decided to prank his brother Ben.
He needed to catch a taxi right away.
She lives in another town about 3 hours away.
She craved something salty and looked through her cupboard for popcorn.
However he was broke.
She wasn't sure what book she should check out.
Everyone was really upset by them.
It was for her hair.
She wanted to take it to school with her.
He heard an explosion and his car started to slow down.
I went to see an eye doctor.
The samples needed to be put somewhere.
I called in to let them know, and no one answered.
We went to a tree farm and took a hayride out behind the fields.
A girl across from them was acting sort of spastic.
The large old church was like a maze.
Even though he was old, he still rock climbed.
The box was empty and it was purple.
His grandmother told him a story about a lucky charm.
One of his friends gave him a videogame that he already owned.
She had run out of clean underwear.
She chewed her nails.
I was looking forward to eating the pie all day.
When he looked in the pantry, he noticed there was no syrup left.
She named her kitten Orange.
She was so excited to become a mommy.
He was bored and decided to get some food.
While packing her toiletries, she receives a phone call.
Her mother was furious.
Her long driveway was covered in two feet of snow.
We have three kids to give a bath too.
She had seen her oldest son go diving off the diving board.
His friend Ben was great at tennis but wanted to play hockey.
Two weeks later, he got called to come for an interview.
He didn't spend a lot of money, but he spent a lot of time choosing.
They played on the swings together for an hour.
She attended the party and was surprised they were serving liquor.
He had two bills to pay and it was three days before he got paid.
After coming back for it, I was originally impressed at the work.
On the way, he tripped on the sidewalk and landed on his back.
His blood pressure was very high.
She explores uncharted trails.
He decided to mow lawns in the neighborhood to make money.
Her parents took her to the beach.
Everyone had to be at the gym at 6am.
He dreamed of one day moving to a big city.
She wanted to watch it with her boyfriend.
He lived with his mother there.
She decided to only eat natural sources of sugar.
In the game, his character was born in a third world country.
I was one of the first of dozens into the store this morning.
Their mother found and smashed his NWA tape.
For some reason, he just couldn't get the hang of technology.
His brother Eric decided he would take him for his first time.
All of the kids were checking it out.
She decided to show off her skill publicly.
Alas, I dropped it on the way home.
One day the girls and Gina's sisters went to the store.
For my birthday, he gave me one of his paintings.
He shakes hands and kisses any baby offered to him.
When she heard her zoo was getting pandas, she was so excited.
She wanted a tan.
He had a D and really needed to pass this test.
She wasn't paying attention.
They mixed pizza, milk, corn, and everything the cafeteria offered.
One day Vina looked as if she had put on weight.
They decided to play basketball.
She looked inside and outside the house.
He decided to make an earthquake.
She tried to do a cartwheel and ended up slipping.
He saw a red shirt in the display window that he liked.
She traced the route in red and put the map in her car.
He admired the guys with huge muscles beating each other up.
She entered her poems into contests, but never won.
She never knew it.
She was feeling really run down.
A very young kitten lay on the ground, just a few feet away.
Ross was impatient and decided to skip me.
One was afraid to show her moves.
He decided to go to the ice-cream shop.
He wanted to bring attention to adversity suffered by minorities.
They were both mean!
Everything was white.
He decided he wants to enter a bodybuilding show.
Under the cap I found tickets.
A brilliant silver streak struck the thatched roof of the barn.
Every single thing he saw reminded him of her.
He was afraid because he didn't know how to slow dance.
But they only had one controller because their 2nd one broke.
I've been at third base for the past two weeks.
The lake had just unfrozen.
I wanted to help so I grabbed it.
He went to some art galleries to look around.
He had to go to the supermarket for film because he didn't have any.
My fiancee introduced her to me in 1981.
She hadn't cleaned it up.
Jason cried when the puppy arrived.
There was a tornado coming their way.
He needed to go to work soon.
After many years, Roger didn't even know what some of the keys were.
They went down to the local raceway and signed up for a spot.
They started talking every day.
After two months of being apart, I sent her a package.
Her friends joined.
Bob was stung by an angry bee.
My Aunt took me to a historic town with lots of farmland.
He looked in it and saw three eggs.
She was surprised at the large variety of hats there.
The two of them were very excited.
She got up extra early to get dressed.
On Monday we we went out to dinner.
On my thirtieth birthday, my wife got me flying lessons.
It was her first day in junior high, but she felt comfortable.
He was trying to grind a rail in the park.
Sue tried everything to get it to be quiet.
Chris told his friend how he had never been to the zoo before.
He didn't like the cold, but he endured it.
He had too much food, so he decided to share.
So he enters a local gaming competition.
She tells her teacher that she has been practicing the flute.
They spent a lot of bonding time together.
She was trying to find a good app for tracking her breastfeeding.
Simon's mouth watered as looked at the chocolate glazed donut.
She booked some time in a recording studio.
He saw a funny video on his phone and laughed uncontrollably.
At the next table over were two parents with their toddler.
She was ready to become active again.
He kept getting out of bed to have his father check it.
She had always hoped to fall in love again.
One day, a bounty hunter came looking for John.
He decided to go for a stroll.
Gina had been sharing a room with 2 other girls her whole life.
He tried everything from caffeine to exercise.
His little brother Sam wanted to help out.
Tim decided to stay inside.
He packed a delicious turkey sandwich.
He woke up late and had to drive slow because of the snow.
My parents grounded me from my bike.
The team was behind two points and he had to score or they would lose.
Jay had not really celebrated any of his birthdays since he turned 21.
When I walked outside, I saw a power line jumping around in my yard.
The bus arrived and I hopped on.
She couldn't control his aggressiveness and excessive barking.
She knew she needed to prove it was a good idea to keep the dog.
She wasn't confident in her abilities to do them correctly.
He chewed up one of her toys and got very sick.
Jane got on her horse and began riding down the trail.
And he thought studying would never help.
He invited some friends.
So when he was at a buffet, he got too much food.
So his wife pushed him into watering it.
She also liked Billy.
He had a weird feeling in his stomach after eating it.
She had to do the laundry.
Her husband knew to expect some strange cravings.
We had a lot of shared interests.
He bought a box of dye and applied it.
He feeds and cleans them every day as a routine.
He played the game for 16 hours a day.
One day her teacher said everyone who did homework would get candy.
Tom purchased a large bottle of water.
The night before a big game Bonnie was so nervous she couldn't sleep.
Dan decided he would go to a local night club.
She went to the store and bought an expensive cream.
Her friend is a carpenter, and he offers to help her build a cabin.
Anna had no boots.
She wore it everywhere now.
This was the second time that this had happened this week.
He stressed to her the importance of having a poker face.
Sensors went off and lights flashed.
He had many offers and needed to pick.
Lucy wanted to follow in his footsteps.
The smell of my food attracted a bear.
He was told to fire an employee to cut costs.
The kitten wanders around trying to find some food.
She said she was raising money for hungry children.
She went to the doctor to find out why.
One day his wife told him he needed to put gas in the car.
They couldn't settle the debate after hours of discussion.
She would be working the cashier at a boutique shop.
He was not prepared for it, so he hoped for a snow day.
She wanted a spare in case she lost her key again.
He surfed all the time whenever he could.
She decided to take the cat in.
He washed the white clothes first.
Their kids had played Little League on the same team.
But he was nervous that nobody would like him.
They loved spending time as a family on the boats and swimming.
A squirrel ran out in front of her car.
His nickname was Dr J and he starred in the ABA.
His mother told him that they must go to the doctor.
I worked as a bartender and that was enough for me.
He had already tried an e-fax two times.
The house needed a lot of work.
He was hesitant to ask her.
They bought all their supplies.
The man decided the best way to think was to go into the woods alone.
His mother always warned him to be in earlier, but Bobby never cared.
One day, Matthew brings a glass of water near the laptop.
One day, her friend said something horrible.
I picked the wrong one.
She had to get an A on the report to pass her History class.
He decided to check the vending machine, but it was empty.
He was greatly disturbed by the violence.
She finally made an appointment with the doctor.
He said he was thirsty so I gave him some water.
She was walking home from class one evening.
It turns out that he is a chef.
Suddenly, he bumped one of the back tires.
I hollered who's there at the back door.
He wanted to be an adult.
My feet hurt so badly, I needed new work shoes.
The training focused on creating and delivering better presentations.
He turned the oven on and waited for it to preheat.
James said that it was because of rust from the old iron pipes.
Her mother told her she would buy her new ones.
The squirrel was busy gathering nuts for the winter.
The course was to start in a few minutes.
But he could not get it to work!
This year would be her first year voting for a president.
When someone made her mad, she would try to get others mad at them.
He went into the deep south to seek inspiration.
She had a particular favorite that she carried with her almost daily.
He held it above him while he would lie on his back.
My cousin introduced me to the music of Janis Joplin.
She made spaghetti sauce from scratch.
He was sitting in the shop when a woman caught his eye.
The were jealous he had gotten a brand new desk.
He created his own lemonade stand.
She took it home and looked in the box.
He always arrives fifteen minutes early.
After a few drinks, he went out to the dance floor.
As a boy he got made fun of a lot.
They always had a competition on who could catch the biggest fish.
I decided it would be a good idea to start saving.
He asked it for directions.
As he turned, he turned the wheel into the other direction strongly.
When he woke up, he realized he was going to be late for class.
He suffered through a lot writer's block.
I got soap and water and a sponge.
And he was eager to start driving.
Darlene's hated boyfriend was on his way over to the house.
She was stressed and anticipating a long moving process.
He noticed that one fish seemed almost pregnant.
He claimed he was just going to the store for some groceries.
But nobody else could smell it.
They had big palm trees in their yard.
He flirted with several young girls that were ordinary neighbors.
He took it to a paleontologist who identified it as a dinosaur bone.
Her mother hired a limo for transport.
My mother told him to get a shower and bring her his clothes.
I figured out something was wrong with the hard drive.
The shadow on the wall and screeching sound sent chills through her.
Lisa made chocolate oatmeal.
His students liked to tease Jackson.
Marie's dad laughed and told her it was a ridiculous goal.
But when he got older, he realized that it wouldn't be possible.
She had her convenience store damaged by looters.
He tried to learn to play the trumpet.
Over time, meat began to give him an upset stomach.
They got on line and picked out their food.
But, Amanda noticed Dana kept a shoe-box at his mother's house.
She was okay, but she was very messy.
She went next door and asked the neighbor boy if he would do it.
When she wanted something to drink, Glenda tried giving her something.
They were in the basement after coming in a window.
So, he decided to take their relationship a step further.
She decides it is finally time for a visit.
When she turned sixteen she went to get her permit.
But it was raining outside.
She worked hard and was nice to the customers.
He stole money and jewelry from people at work.
The writer of the letter claimed to be Janet but from the future.
He really wanted to get his black belt.
One day he came across the perfect wood in the forest for bows!
He was able to stand but wouldn't move forward.
Suddenly, her toe caught on the car mat.
The nest was breaking apart, so the bird had to jump.
Lucy called Stacy, and Stacy suggested they go to the mall.
Emily was offended by this.
She went to the marina with him.
He has had a long, upsetting day.
She was supposed to get a ride back.
We were tied until the last hole.
They hiked way up on a hill and set up their tent.
He heated the grill.
The boys friend came up to him to see what's up.
He heard a loud bang, but wasn't sure what it was.
My girlfriend prefers a warm apartment.
She was ten Year's old.
Other runners were passing me and I felt I was running too slow.
Ron was reluctant to follow his doctor's advice.
He asked what was in it.
He went to the courthouse to change his name.
She was trying to cook but some smell was disgusting.
I got the buns, buttered them and put them in the oven.
He likes hearing his mother and father talk in the front seat.
Rain was coming.
She passed a little girl who was crying on her front steps.
His mother asked her to bring cranberry sauce.
She purchased the fabric.
He grew up poor.
Didn't think about it too much because shoes didn't mean much to me.
Ava often wished she had no brother.
When they all arrived, everyone was very happy.
He left work early that day.
Amy surveyed the box.
Each day tiny Whitey lay the largest eggs in her flock.
Today my boss called me into his office.
She was suddenly confronted by her school bully Cassandra.
What he didn't know was many of those jerseys are fake.
For this day he was required to wear merchandise from his school.
They found a good spot for camp deep in the woods.
They were both arguing about who got the last slice.
My son came up to me.
They have always planned to renovate the kitchen.
She decided to go to her favorite restaurant.
He had a headache and felt nauseous.
She had not received a raise for the past fourteen months.
The coach told him he needs to become quicker and taller.
It got so bad I decided to turn around.
After a year of saving, Harvey made plans to go to the coast.
She looked up at her dad with tearful eyes.
What he really did though, was kill pigeons behind his stall.
The found one and chopped it down.
When I asked my boss how come he said that he thought I wasn't ready.
She got out of bed, ready to start her day with a brisk walk outside.
He often won a lot of bets at that track.
I kept her in suspense all day long.
I am having trouble assembling my costume.
I left work early to be able to make it to the venue early.
Leaves started to die.
She had kicked him out her house and didn't care he was homeless.
Suddenly she stopped replying to Jay.
As kids, they did nothing but fight.
He knew that he had done well in his life.
We were all super excited for her.
While there, he thought the band looked strange.
He asked a volunteer to get the player's autograph.
He was there when the Berlin Wall came down.
He didn't play any musical instruments.
To fix her loneliness she decided to adopt a kitten.
It was dark and snowy.
So she took the keyboard outside.
One day another group of kids wanted to play on the same court.
He had stepped out of the kitchen when he smelled smoke.
He did well during his training and was sure to get the job.
All he did in his spare time was watch birds with his binoculars.
But she let her keep him in the yard for the night.
It was the first year she was making dinner for her large family.
By the end of the day he was famished.
She still had 3 hours in class, and she had volleyball later.
She thought of summer break and school finally being over.
Our friends moved back to Buffalo in 1998.
He was really disappointed that he would miss his wife's dinner.
The reason is Charles didn't list his previous phone job experience.
However, they were three hundred dollars.
He ran into a homeless man begging for change.
His girlfriend said that it is fine.
He knew that this year, the fair would have a special game.
She was trying to set up the tent.
Alex sees a great opportunity with a convention in town.
We made out in my car for the rest of the night and morning.
Bob was bad at soccer.
She did not know what to do.
She decided it was a good time to get rid of a lot of things.
She didn't feel comfortable in class with the teacher.
He was nervous!
She heard an animal crying.
He'd been drinking away the humiliation of his day at work.
She recommended an increase in my pill dosage.
Lily dreaded it when her dad asked her to sit for a haircut.
When he had a daughter, Ella, he tried making her fancy foods.
Andy bought both tickets online ahead of time to save time in line.
They knew Mama wanted a vacation.
They visited the art gallery where they first met each other.
It was a quiet evening when the weather alert began to go off.
His mother warned him not to ever sin.
He needed some things for his home.
Her grandmother had very few channels on her TV.
In one battle, a cannon blew off his leg.
He saw the most amazing bull rider.
She was sick of the mess.
We walked around the unique shaped building.
One day, she watched a documentary about animal cruelty.
He noticed a book that he really liked and began reading it.
He had no idea how to change a tire.
It was time for their nap so she left them in the guest room.
He seems nice but with tinder you just never know.
He called out his biggest bully to a fight.
One day while biking she spotted a fox.
He taught her the basics and then gave her a rod to try herself.
She doesn't know where the baby father is.
To the West, the sun was setting with vibrant colors of pink and gold.
He was so tired that he kept hitting snooze on his alarm.
She went to her gardening store and bought a couple trees.
And he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake.
I asked for Fred but he was not home.
The attendant happily poured Ashley a small cup and handed it to her.
The brought out signs that said that knowledge was too much power.
She went into the cafeteria and saw a huge line.
She was very candid and put everything in the diary.
It was beautiful.
His friend offered Andrew sixty dollars to mow his lawn.
It had fallen from its nest!
The girl walked up to the checkout counter.
Her boss was always mean to her.
She got pulled over.
People began to ask for him to appear in interviews.
Many birds flew toward it to get some seeds.
His brother had died.
She kept saying she had.
Sam and his friends decide to participate.
She placed the chicken in one place and prepared to make seasoning.
She made spaghetti.
The old man looked at a map and picked a destination.
He had one in the fridge.
It involved shooting and stealing.
He didn't want to clean his room.
The oldest kid played on the jungle gym.
She asked her dad for one and he agreed.
Her hair was dark so she had to bleach it first.
He always dreamed of building a treehouse.
He decided to go check on him.
The factory jack is useless.
Her first day of class she brought a notebook and pen with her.
He made a flyer asking for a strong helper.
Gina was scared, but she showed her anyway.
He would jump between any gap.
She looked up videos online to try and learn.
At first, no one would talk to her, but they kept staring at her.
I bought a supplement that promised to cure her.
He decided to go on a short vacation.
Her mama offered her two quarters.
He bought a lottery ticket with the money.
I decided to lend the money to him.
He would use the saplings to weave durable baskets.
Suddenly her stomach began to hurt.
He told the cooks to come up with new dishes that used the onions.
She could go to Food Lion, which provides very fast service.
However his girlfriend was vegan.
All of a sudden, his coffee maker started leaking.
My favorite sweets are sour candies.
A traveling zoo came one day to show their animals.
There was a surprise test for her English class one day.
I was happy that I talked her into trying a bag of mixed nuts.
Tina's mom told her that cats have nine lives.
One day Sam met Sara and they both fell in love.
One day he found a lump on his arm that didn't go away.
He would run to the side of the road at the last minute a car came by.
She put her daughter in the seat portion of the cart.
It was time to clip them.
He started slow, stopping in many towns along the way.
She tried a few times and failed miserably.
It's got a small town on it that caters to tourists.
His dad finally agreed to build him one.
I found an antique claw machine.
The new house seemed big and strange.
Since I didn't study for my math exam, I ditched the exam.
All I can do is cry.
He tried to quit on his own, but couldn't.
He kicked the ball when it rolled to him.
Today she decided to make some peanut butter cookies.
At first she was excited.
On Saturday morning he drove his dog to the park.
Ronald was a bit nervous because his dog has run off once.
He played against a professional for his first game.
He decided to try to teach himself.
I've never faced the Christmas season without money before.
The only thing stopping him was the cost of the ring, it was too much!
They finally set up a first date.
He notices that he spends a lot of money on coffee.
He would set up elaborate scenes and have his family act things out.
He went to the grocery store.
He wandered the stacks to find a good one.
Suddenly there was a knock at the door.
The old woman no longer recognized Sue.
I worked very hard on writing the speech.
She put a pretty considerable amount of money into that stock.
My mom got red sauce on it!
However, I took a Russian literature class in college.
She was still learning the tricks of being a mom.
He saw an ice cream store and decided to step in to cool down.
But Lily wants to play with Becky down the street.
He had the whole house to himself!
Suddenly he sees a fire in his room.
His wife Dana hated trying new things and refused to go.
She took the subway to work like she does everyday.
Gene went to his car.
He asked for some food.
She banged on the door but no one answered.
She was cleaning a big bowl when water sloshed out.
He waited in line overnight, in the cold.
She bought all the ingredients so she could make it for lunch.
His parents started him in therapy.
He found a movie he had rented a long time ago.
Rob accused Billy of cheating him of a vintage card.
I locked the inside back door.
After several minutes, a bee flew in my direction.
He is talking very loud.
A pick-up truck drove by.
He saw some people trying to free a car stuck in the snow.
Her big brother put candles on her cake.
He had a girlfriend but always wanted to hang out with her.
The woman was sad.
But he was too fast for her.
He could score lots of points and pass very well.
She said I insulted her cooking abilities.
She read the instructions and thought she understood them.
She suddenly got pulled over by a police officer.
His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars.
Before we left we posed for a group photo.
One of her friends suggested that she see a dermatologist.
He twisted the corkscrew into the cork as fast as he could.
He showed up for the interview.
When I started on the grass, I noticed a frog.
She got a broom and nervously approached the kitchen.
Nell did the exercises half-heartedly.
He was so tired the next morning.
Wasn't feeling too well, but was trying to tough it out.
More than anything, she wanted a CD player as a present.
She takes them somewhere special every summer.
She saw a booth where you could buy fish for sea lions.
Tim went with his mom.
The rake cracked in the middle as I was using it.
Our knees are bent and we are focused counting out with anticipation.
He put the address of the place into his GPS.
He caught a huge wave.
As soon as his opponents were coming after him, he threw the ball.
She wants to combine her interests in fashion and writing.
He watched various instructional videos on YouTube.
His mom decided to give him a haircut herself.
His dog made a mess of his suit.
He told his landlord that he'll paint the house in exchange for rent.
Suddenly, the fire alarm went off.
He went home and worked hard on a painting.
His parents told him when he turned 7 he could get one.
He was trying to feed it one day when it escaped its cage.
The boys were neglecting their puppy spot.
His mother refused to buy him a game system.
The weather forecast had called for seventy degrees and sunny.
He always beat everyone he played.
He researched different gyms in his hometown.
The store is closing, so we bought a lot of food for not a lot of cash.
Roger and I were bored.
Her work caused a panic when her manager thought they lost a lot.
They walk to a nearby library.
He is afraid of the monsters under the bed.
His friends have been afraid to tell him that it looks very bad.
When he was looking online to buy a replacement he had an idea.
She spilled juice on it.
He wasn't sure he would get along with all of the girls.
So he saved up money to get plastic surgery.
I shook the bottle and the water immediately crystallized to ice.
One night, I decided to figure out who it was that played so well.
In addition, she ended up moving Henry's homework.
She climbed on and moved but something felt off.
Dave turned on his caution lights and slowly pulled over.
She didn't want her parents to know.
They stole the teachers eraser and started to throw it around.
He seasoned the casserole and allowed it to sit in the oven.
He picked it up and looked at the screen.
Brad needed to get new tires on his car to be safe in winter.
He saw a local ice cream shop and decided to walk in.
She was in the hospital in poor condition.
Classical music labels started issuing their own records.
She got a gallon jug.
He always expected his parents to cook for him.
He was told he wouldn't play on his high school team.
On the third morning the house caught on fire.
His son was on the team.
Suddenly, his car began to stall and Frank had to pull over.
He already had everything she could think of.
Where should we have it this year?
It was also Marks birthday, so he went out with friends.
She housed them in a pet store cage.
He got the cereal out.
Since I like that movie so much I thought I wanted my own.
They visited an acupuncturist to learn more about it.
They decided to drive into the city to watch a band perform.
Someone else found it.
I called our old school to verify that Horace did marry a celebrity.
My fear made my life hard.
She ran up to the store and bought the butter along with other items.
She always told Henry not to touch it.
Finally his friends convince him to eat at an Indian restaurant.
I threw the keys in her direction.
A wave knocked him over and he nearly drowned.
She had been returned twice before.
He discussed several changes to the workforce.
His favorite band was coming to town to play a concert in a few weeks.
He was here to assassinate the Earl of Abingdon.
He'd chosen not to join the fraternity.
She got all the fabric she needed and sat down to work.
Jeff wasn't happy and decided to run away.
He knew he had worked hard for that vacation.
She saw a puddle was in her path ahead.
The coach painted the baseballs pastel colors for the game.
He decided to purchase a $20 dollar gift card.
Martin passed her a note in class.
She sat at the table with her plate.
She went to the dress store with her best friend.
When it came to doing work at school, he hated it.
She was heavily pregnant and her breath was short.
They were in the hospital that same evening.
He would fish for days and get nothing at all.
They all dressed up like their favorite girl.
The boss opened up the store safe and took it out.
She mixed all the ingredients together.
I gathered all of my ingredients: flour, sugar, eggs.
Gina considered apologizing to end the feud.
When Carly was twenty-nine, her home was hit by a tornado.
He decided to call to thank her.
She wanted to learn more about her homeland.
He currently squats about two hundred pounds.
They gathered all the cardboard boxes they could.
Jim went to see the doctor.
I sat down with my fishing pole.
Her husband rushed her to the hospital.
But her neighbors were having a loud party.
I was only about 10 years old and waiting in line forever.
She asked her friends Beth, and May to join.
But Bill puts the wrong date on all the promo material.
They could see the studio from down the street.
Suddenly he heard a terrible racket!
He looked around the corner of a tree.
He was anxious about the social atmosphere.
She and her husband disagreed on what color to paint it.
After finishing, I loaded my groceries into my car.
In the grocery store today she had to use the bathroom.
Bobby hit one so hard it sailed over their fence.
They went to an ocean on long island.
I am very competitive, so I didn't go easy on them.
Her favorite horse to ride was Bongo.
Now, her hair was very tangled.
She had 2 strokes at birth so a motor skill toy would be the best item.
They misbehaved.
One of the girls caught the frog in her hands.
She wondered why she had bought them all.
John knew that Bill liked him so he asked him out instead.
They were going down the river, headed for white water.
Neighbors, stopping to enjoy the sight, chatted with Mavis.
She really needed the prize money for college.
As he was walking down the street he saw something on the ground.
He came upon a likely mark and waged a bet.
He decided to stop driving to work every day.
I went to a speed chess tournament in the Boston area.
He was so scared that he decided to skip the school dance.
He punched the alarm clock into the wall and brushed his teeth.
He placed the book on the couch when he got home from the bookstore.
The police showed up in an alley where he and some friends exercised.
He thought he'd gotten away with it, too.
She was out shopping for a dress.
Her frightened mother screamed.
He did his first internship in an accounting firm.
The teacher got mad and decided to yell at everyone.
She was on her way home from work and hit a deer.
He would sell them to his friends.
His friend Chechen told him dragons weren't real.
He got a nerdy tutor girl to help him.
A boy named mike was very nervous and didn't want to go.
As a joke he threw the ball behind his back at the hoop.
She did not know what to do.
When he returned he asked Jake to drive his Power Wheels truck.
Jason decides to go skydiving.
Bob could not tell the truth.
As a result, it ended up breaking.
She kept smacking her ear.
She went to the kitchen to look for something to eat.
He took out his only belt and put that on too.
At lunch time she was horrified to see a sardine sandwich!
One day, this girl invited Robin over to play dolls.
She went outside to walk her dog.
She liked him no matter what he did.
Her lawyer called me after the funeral to talk about some things.
She went to visit him.
She really wanted to go with Brian so she decided she would ask him.
She carefully laid on her belly on the sled.
She then set the table.
They met at a restaurant.
She hopped into the shower with her toothbrush.
A bird came by.
He tried to break into the safe to test out its strength.
She told Steve he can do whatever he wants.
I keep hearing weird noises coming from my chair.
I have never played fantasy baseball before, only football.
He built a contraption with wings he believed would fly.
One of his staff members is always lazy and talks too much.
When she walked in the house she smelled something good.
He joined a study group to improve his grades.
He knows he is living beyond his means, but he doesn't want to move.
She placed an ad in the newspaper one day.
Unfortunately, his family was very poor.
She was riding the bus after a check-up.
We both put our hands on it to play.
They started out simple and began to add more to it.
He'd run out of cash a week ago.
Tom brought a pole and I brought a net.
He noticed that everyone else had already left for lunch.
Gina had a report for school she needed to finish.
He would always play, but I was never included.
His family didn't have much money.
They saw a small ice cream parlor, but Jane hesitated to go in.
She placed several coffee beans into the machine with water.
She knows that her body needs the nutrients found in leafy greens.
His cat was keeping him up all night.
He could not read, count, or write his name, and never saw a doctor.
Their server spilled a drink on the couple's table.
It gives me a chance to get out of my head for two hours.
Everything was perfect.
He heard the local news warn of an impending tornado.
She pushed her canoe off the river bank.
Then, he noticed a news crew outside of his favorite coffee shop.
He became more conscious of the decisions he made.
He did it to the best of abilities.
Her wisdom teeth had been growing in slowly for awhile.
We sat her in her high chair and put the cake in front of her.
Suddenly, she felt a sharp pain.
And he blamed it on his heavy shoes.
Below the house there was an old tree with a very old swing.
She always stuffs the pecan treats we give her in her pouch.
He prepared by decorating his house and making a lot of food.
At one live stage concert, his idol came out wearing a stunning dress.
She was commissioned to make a beautiful candle for a wedding.
A woman and her two kids were ahead of me.
All of a sudden his lawnmower started sputtering.
He can sense them well before I can.
I searched every inch of my house looking for the family heirloom.
He decided to take some money from his mom's hidden savings.
She carried the pot to her table to serve some.
One friend made a few kings and the other didn't.
She bought way too much fabric.
The broom had a screw slightly sticking out.
She surprised him by playing his favorite bands music on a road trip.
I didn't realize I had a passenger until a wasp stung me on the neck.
Unfortunately their second date wasn't going as well.
He has never been out of the country before so he's quite nervous.
They stared at the stars for a couple hours.
The went to the dock and asked if they could borrow anyone's boat.
He wanted one, but he just couldn't afford it.
He is lifting more and more at the gym.
Her doctor said she was an unhealthy weight.
She walked to her car.
However, she accidentally forgot to turn on the oven.
He did not want to take them off.
One year there was a terrible snowstorm.
The restaurant where he works employs two dishwashers.
As a teenager she took a trip to India with her family.
He lived near the northern border of the continental US.
He looked down for a moment.
But I was in such a deep sleep, I didn't hear it.
She was so thrilled, until she realized she couldn't afford a dress.
The instructions were too complicated for a 7 year old.
My boss told me I could go home early, which surprised me.
And Tina wanted to go shopping.
Shana decided to throw her a surprise shower at work.
He accidentally washed his clothes on hot.
Six months later her friend is promoted above Jill.
As a result I was stuck in traffic for ages.
Suddenly, a car swerves into him.
A big storm with dark clouds blew in.
One day, he went on a walk with his family in the woods.
One morning, he realized he had nothing clean to wear.
He found whatever mountain or valley he could and tromped all over.
She was excited to wear the costume to her school party.
So far no one had caught her.
One morning, she slept through her alarm.
He decided that he would build an adobe she'd like his grandpa did.
This year there were more than normal.
The girls wanted to see the town.
They had standing bets but John usually won.
I had to nail the seat to the legs.
He decided to review his life's actions objectively.
But he had no bank account!
They can show almost anything on it.
They climbed over rocks and fallen branches.
Then, he noticed water was coming from his ceiling, as well!
He decided to take a yoga class to help socialize.
This made John very sad.
There were no other kids on their block.
She was convinced someone else was trapped in it.
I needed to get insurance.
They made some snarky remarks at my girl friend.
He was pulled over on his way home, for speeding.
Her heart raced and her palms got sweaty.
After it started to boil, he placed several pieces of pasta into it.
They handed each other a card with money in it.
She moved during the winter and didn't realize how cold it would be.
He asked his mom to make him lunch.
He called up a pizzeria, but their driver was sick!
We asked her how her son Henry was.
It was the middle of the night and he was watching tv.
Some people stopped to watch her.
I sent cookies to my daughter.
She asked her co worker for one.
He ran straight to the door.
In order to wash off the stink, he went through an automatic car wash.
He had an old muscle car he was fixing up.
But when he took a train there, he saw he had been wrong.
The wheels ended up spinning off course.
She knew the sport like the back of her hand.
It was marginally cheaper than buying it at the store.
She didn't think anybody cared about her.
She does them on a bed, with my help.
He had every type of cigar imaginable.
He decided to find a better job.
He was trying to recover a huge diamond.
Her mother grounded her to her room.
If she was able to read 50 books or more she won a pizza party!
When the first schedule was posted she had very few hours.
Now he wanted her to vacuum the inside as well.
Frank called Gary and invited him to go hunting.
Mom said she was too tired to cook.
It expressed my love for her.
Alongside food and drinks, there were several games.
They were very excited and prepared for the baby in every way.
Her sister took her to a popular restaurant for dinner.
I said no because I am afraid of clowns.
He hates wearing glasses.
But the puppy loved to chew Herb's shoes.
We were following the directions to arrive to a certain place.
He was well-liked and very good at his position.
The first one wasn't what she expected.
I loved the cat.
While at the library, he saw an attractive librarian.
He dropped his keys in the dirty and couldn't see.
He has the lead role in the school musical.
Her friend, Shelby, recommended that she starts to meditate.
He decided to take his sister and mother in law fishing.
He sat down to think of different ideas.
She laid down to get a tan.
But Tim was only 4 and not responsible yet.
One day, my father passed away.
She went to the store and looked around.
It was too late now and lunch was in 2 hours.
To her dismay, Elisa found out the microwave was broken.
So tom bought a Bloodborne for the PS4 because it was very tough game.
He sat patiently at the restaurant waiting to go home.
She had a substitute teacher today.
They went to a nearby park.
In addition, there was a lot of fog on the roadway.
He got out of the car to investigate.
We were a party of five.
Although she didn't know what was happening, she went to her mom.
It was her first day at this new school.
He cared a lot about poverty and crime.
For her party she wanted everything.
I got up and walked around the yard to try and burn some energy.
It has been very expensive and time consuming.
She loves music and practices often.
She was up in the loft, and wanted to go downstairs.
Pablo did not like this.
He thought it would be a lot of fun.
Fig decided to help him out.
I finally decided to get one.
He put out large pitches of drink to entice people.
Her coworker Marc had wanted to quit drinking coffee.
Everyone was tailgating for it.
It was all about trivia.
And he thought he was useless.
She watched documentaries about desert plants and animals.
He tried to quit but failed.
The cat appeared hungry and scared so he fed the cat.
He was a very frugal man.
Bob's driveway was covered in snow.
When her date arrived she realized there was a problem.
They were there to control the mice in the building.
Another car made a sharp turn into the same lane.
She tried the bathroom window on the side of the house.
Bob decided he was getting older and needed to acquire new skills.
A visiting pastor asked if he might play it.
He saw his friend emerge from a behind a tree to greet him.
After calling the vet, we took him to get these vaccinations.
The co-worker took Amy to get frozen yogurt.
He decided he wanted to learn how to play it.
It was a windy day.
He asked his older brothers to march with him.
They decided to see who would collect the most shells.
The next day he drives to a store to buy more of it.
He decides to go to the grocery store.
They watched a movie together.
They had made it more than halfway through the game.
A girl asked me to join her in a cab.
Mary has always been good to Janet so she wanted to do something.
The premiere was tonight.
I pulled over to change it.
I watched YouTube videos to learn the craft.
It cost $1900.
John liked to tell jokes and Nick loved to listen to them.
He had a strong preference for coca-cola.
She bet that Ann couldn't drink two liters of soda in under an hour.
We came across an old, rusty bear trap.
It is a plastic camera that uses 35mm film.
But her mother tells her that she is too young.
He walked into the classroom to see the teacher passing out name-card.
She was out of town and needed to talk to her husband.
She realized that she had no idea where the book she wanted was.
She got it from a local organic grocer.
They were headed to Mexico.
Kai agreed to go with her.
He drive to the famous lighthouse in Cape Elizabeth.
He barely got any sleep last night.
He had poor credit and he couldn't keep a job.
It was making her lonely.
She decided to sit on the steps and watch it.
He was very nervous backstage, reviewing his prepared jokes.
One day, she went to a flea market in search of a good addition.
For the past few hours she had been trying to cram the material in.
She asked her mother for money to buy some.
His mom was annoyed and thought he was wasting his day.
Martha drove over to the Verizon store and browsed the iphones.
So that mean Friday was the bachelor party.
It always felt natural.
However, I became frustrated since it was hard to comprehend it.
He tried to throw a softball at the baby.
We are going to build it together.
He felt the tires shake in the frame.
He decided to have some marshmallows for a snack.
Going through an underpass, I saw a flashing light.
He had a good feeling that he would win a lot of money.
So joey proposed a bet.
We couldn't figure out what it was from.
He studied very hard in college.
After they were graded, my sociology professor told us our grades.
She lost her old pair while swimming at the beach.
He wanted to clean up the neighborhood.
They both love dinosaurs.
Her sink had become full of dishes and water.
She invited her boyfriend, Zach, to join her.
He had never tried hunting, but he was worried about it.
Nan told Joe she wasn't sure if she could go.
He was never first for anything.
She buys her cat scratching post.
But she was a terrible spendthrift and couldn't save a dime.
She wished to be a nurse for her birthday!
We had not seen each other in a long while.
She had been trying unsuccessfully to fall asleep for 2 hours.
He stayed home, sad and angry at the circumstances.
She decided to bring him cookies.
Every few days, a man calls the station, speaks quickly, and hangs up.
He invited all his friends except Erica.
He decided to see Qatar too.
She often gave cakes away to friends.
Lucy stole cake and now had indigestion.
To him a scrape needed stitches and a bruise was a break.
No one called in so he began to fabricate requests.
One particular memory was of India's Imaginary Friend.
Chips were on sale so he bought a bag.
He wanted to make his study area as comfortable as possible.
Bill was excited to get out the house and see a movie.
I put on a nice set of clothes.
His refrigerator was empty.
Tand was so excited!
This day was very rainy.
He worked hard and is excited to start his new job as a cop.
They presented it during a small office party.
The problem was, he was sitting right behind a pretty girl.
Tim's dad helped him get on the bike and going.
She wasn't good at kneading dough though.
He raked them to the curb to be taken away.
Suddenly there was a loud metallic crash!
She told him to pick her up around 8 o'clock.
She adapted physically to her new life but socially wasn't as easy.
Then she found out he was the manager.
We went to the pound to look for one.
She was excited about going to Six Flags.
Suddenly, the screen went black!
However he was on a strict budget.
I had the television ready.
The holes were clogged with earwax.
She went upstairs and realized her parents were painting the room.
He bought a poster for his favorite band.
They both wanted to see the moon first.
She found out she had to take a pretest before she could sign up.
She had very little money to replace it.
He went to the store and saw a computer he really liked.
The shirt stained all white clothes in the wash.
The cold weather cracked the skin on my hands.
As Chad entered, he had to check his coat.
When she opened it it was a sweater.
Tim had smeared some fudge on his face when he ate it.
She couldn't reach the stone without going under water.
She was nervous about meeting a new teacher.
Suddenly he realized that he was lost.
Sam would often invite the whole neighborhood over for food.
I went to a hamburger shop.
He challenged others to outplay him whenever he could.
I finally decided to buy myself one online.
We got some fast food.
He did not have any boots.
Carrie was super excited.
He had nothing else to do for christmas.
He put the dough on a cookie sheet and started the oven.
The person who murdered his friend decided to run away.
He picked up a random object and pretended to be interested.
He thought his friends would mock his illiteracy.
He opened his bedroom door to see flames across the house.
She went hall to hall sweeping and cleaning.
As he sat down at the table he heard a snap.
He ordered one off of eBay.
He wanted a new one.
They told their husbands bye and went to the spa.
We spent two hours playing with over fifty cats.
I did not want to pay $10 a month for a dvr.
A bit of his ice cream fell and landed on the floor.
They could not decide what to do.
Being his first home, he was very excited and proud of himself.
They already had 5 boys so a girl would be a nice change of pace.
He was embarrassed to tell his friends he worked there.
They frequently took trips to be by her mother's side.
She was sad because she doubted she'd get any.
He had recently been diagnosed with diabetes.
One day his favorite video game system broke.
He jumped into his Mercedes and gunned it to miss the morning traffic.
All of their friends and family came to celebrate with him.
When he arrived he noticed the friend wasn't there.
There was no clean water nearby.
It was really cold outside.
He wants to switch and become a marathon runner.
One day, my mom cooked trout for dinner.
As a result she and her sibling were locked out.
She was very nervous about the written test.
Their children, along with many other relatives would attend.
She was very grateful for a safe place to stay.
Last year our daughter made a poster of her baby.
Jack's mom planned to make chocolate cake, his favorite!
He felt sure he could sail west and arrive there.
She liked their relationship.
Dejected, he sat down on the couch.
But when he got candy canes, he was disappointed.
Though working full-time, she attended online classes at night.
He was deeply traumatized by his name for years.
She pulled the handle with both hands but it didn't budge.
They were so excited to be there.
Her grandmother tried to engage her in conversation.
He saw something fall from the sky.
He attached it to a hose and shot at targets.
Tom absolutely adored Liz.
His friend accidentally threw the basketball over the fence.
The family then went to sleep.
She asked somewhat sternly what Mikey was drawing.
He waited in line to be measured this year.
His old bike was beat up and too small!
He hired a chimney sweep.
She needed something more durable.
His friend, randy started getting into it as well.
He went home the night before and studied all night.
Suddenly the tip of his pencil broke off!
The boots are now completely worn out.
The food was good.
She started by drawing lines.
Out of the blue her tire went flat.
They bought all their equipment.
She walked to the summer trade spot.
He wasn't very deep when his shovel thudded against something hard.
She didn't know how to get back to their house.
She started to write all of her secrets in the diary.
She called her friend, who was really upset.
He refused to try any new foods, he never even had cake!
He knew he was the best.
I researched hobby cooking classes available nearby.
He had tried different methods of remembering them.
She went to a salon.
He put on his best suit and made sure he looked his best.
But he wasn't sure what he wanted to eat.
I worked with him from 2007 to 2011, when I retired.
Water started to back up through the shower drain and filled the tub.
I got the meat out ready to cook them.
Already late, she hurried down the sidewalk.
So, they decided to do one last thing together before they separated.
However, her friend met a new friend and began talking to her less.
For three years she succumbed to depression.
Everything was going fine.
His mother would constantly scold him about it.
After several minutes, the water was still clear.
He looked at the map and set a course.
So I told the stylist that she should cut more off than usual.
Harry is 98 Year's old.
Her living room is completely empty.
He has never liked how blazers look, but he decides he needs one.
Troy decided that Zach didn't know what he was talking about.
She invited several of her good friends for drinks.
He was really hoping his dad would like it.
She started by separating whites and colors.
He turned the wheel to steer the boat into the bay.
Jake's mom said he could only have pizza if he cleaned his room.
She texted her friend Sally to tell her about it.
Her new husband worked out of town a lot.
Weeks later, he saw the curtains in their house move.
She decided to buy one with her credit card.
She decided to take a vegan cooking class.
One day I was picked up from school by my step-mother.
She needed to find a roommate in order to live comfortably.
A Porsche failed to slow down and nearly hit the finch.
Sue was home all day with their two small children.
I flew to Boise to go see him.
Roy became violently ill before a cross-country flight.
One summer, she went to visit her relatives who still lived there.
He called up the winner.
His team was down by 1 point with 5 seconds left.
Another dog attacked them, and Cam had to break them apart.
She went to the store.
He went to go pay for a watch.
Tom's friends asked him to smoke.
Tocca likes to play in the water.
She was stepping on smooth rocks when she slipped.
She tripped and landed on her stomach.
On his first day of doing this, the coin told him to walk to work.
Bob loved going to coffee shops and writing in his journal.
Rhonda drew an ideal family, with a pretty mom and a dad in a suit.
She rented a surfboard and went out with her instructor.
Tom wanted to play in college.
The owner of the insurance office died of pancreatic cancer.
He plays speed chess, in which a player has only 3 minutes.
He tried to fake being sick to his mom.
He told them it was a pop quiz.
His daughter was twenty and they didn't get along.
A rich man accosted the beggar.
Her suitor had just received permission from her parents to court her.
She decided to invest her money into the stock market.
A friend in college said he needed spiritual enlightenment.
I waited until she left the kitchen and grabbed a bag of potato chips.
Her remotes stopped working.
My daughter wanted to buy a pizza.
The Probiotic was crucial and kept the digestion on track.
She bought patterns and fabric.
The director stood on the other side and looked at Mitch.
She began tossing and turning.
She had been excited for the trip.
She had to fill a small tube for her school to give to charity.
Their disagreements sometimes get them into trouble.
Winter had just started, so he had a good idea.
She decided to change it to March.
I measured the windows to see what size plastic I needed.
He was doing poorly at first.
Sometimes, Ted misses a step in his nightly ritual.
Suddenly, she smelled smoke.
When the coats arrived, Amy fell in love with one trimmed in fur.
I was afraid of how she would act around all the other dogs there.
We bought lots of fruit.
He asked his manager to buy a guitar for him.
I bought a lot of fruit to make smoothies with.
When I opened the door my roommate was nailing the window shut!
He was talented at acting and singing.
This caused her problems.
A worker there, upon hearing our preferred party, tried to stop us.
He dreamed about her day and night.
The ball had a handle that he could hold on to while he bounced.
She never learned how growing up.
He had his shoes, coat, and hat.
Diana couldn't keep her eyes open and fell asleep.
He wore himself out.
It was the last quarter of the game.
He sat in his seat and took out his horn.
He put on a hoodie and went downstairs.
One of her daughters was selling cookies.
He's loving, considerate and not always the sharpest tack in the box.
I was very tired.
The guy was not used to dealing with kids.
They were told that there was a short wait.
He felt like a fool.
Later, at lunch, I saw a girl wearing my coat!
She loved it.
It had snowed and there was a beautiful blanket of snow on the ground.
His twin kids managed to take it by using a stool.
Jake knew he had to kick him out but was afraid.
I grabbed my robe and looked outside to see what he was scared of.
They were old playing cards, such as the 2 of clubs, or 3 of spades.
Unfortunately, Ian does not have a lot of money.
He started looking things up online.
He can't seem to sit still and stop talking.
Lily was the cutest puppy ever.
However, most students were arguing about it.
His allowance was only $5 a week.
Daddy said to play quietly and to let mommy rest.
I learned different when my friend Tracy married Doug.
Her mother told her it was dangerous but she kept doing it.
He cringed fearfully in the back of his kennel when she approached.
I first buttered the bread and started the griddle.
She wants a job but has had trouble finding one.
I tried to use my charger on it but it did not fit.
Joanna's family did not like brent but they felt he was not a good man.
Christine was deciding between a real or artificial Christmas tree.
She wanted to keep her job and stay in control of her daughters.
He was running and helping his teammates.
Their parents obviously wasn't watching them.
He took out the shoes and tried them on.
Her doll had just lost an arm!
They went shopping together to buy matching outfits.
It began to storm.
He heard a scratching sound.
One day Marty saw a pretty angel in a store window.
I told him the mean was not appropriate for the data set.
Richard, his friend, is constantly arguing with him about it.
Every spring she took a jar and caught some.
The test was extremely difficult so Mike studied hard.
I would climb walls, play sets and especially trees.
He went for a hike on a trail near his home.
He went to their door and knocked loudly.
She checked outside, but she saw none.
She decided to practice on her dog.
She felt very fulfilled.
They had been at the park with boys after dark.
Nevertheless, here she was with her husband at the sixth hole.
Sam had a new kite as well.
I was getting really fat.
The algebra test was assuredly very difficult.
His "e" key on his keyboard stopped working.
A shot rang out and when the smoke cleared, someone was dead.
He had been fasting for the past two days.
He showed her how to open a browser.
The class sang Mary Had a Little Lamb.
But every year, she noticed fewer and fewer people there.
He was having fun and it was bright out.
It ended up coming out very dry.
Although no one knew him and felt awkward, he tried to be nice.
They got in their car and drove to Dairy Queen.
He took his son to the playground.
He normally use a machine dryer.
I noticed that Tom was in a sour mood.
I bought a crocodile skin purse.
She didn't plan on going but last minute she was invited.
He wasn't allowed to get up until he ate his broccoli.
She took a train ride into Manhattan.
I have a tower from the 1990's.
The party was underway as Jill realized the food was disappearing.
Suddenly she ran into her ex boyfriend.
Then, she asked him to sit on the exam table.
When it was time to go out, Pam never knew which shoes to wear.
She had seen the waitstaff on television and was excited to meet them.
He tried to make some chicken stock.
He felt something tugging at his line.
He went to clean his room while they were baking.
During one game, he injured his shoulder.
I got it after I got my ears pierced.
She preferred to talk to boys and skip class.
Drea felt betrayed that Gina chose to go to North High.
He decided to do a video workout.
I decided to turn my health around.
The weather was hot and humid.
She had wanted to eat before the cookout began.
However, she always wanted to be an author.
Ryan tried to look for it everywhere.
The house he bought is down the street from his parents.
He never could get control of a bouncing ball.
Valerie was handling most of it, but Liam wanted to plan the dance.
But, people would complain because he didn't have headphone.
His dogs were hungry and they had no food.
While they played, Kevin heard a car in the parking lot playing Rap.
She suggested the family go out to eat or order in.
He was born and raised in Florida.
They gained a great advantage with the invention of agriculture.
Being seven, she hadn't done it by herself before.
My brother and I built a sand castle.
We had to leave in the middle of the night for the morning trip.
The doctor decided to issue a cat scan.
He called and invited his friends.
He went online and gave it a shot.
She stretched her arms out in order to reach it.
It was the academic award.
I called the eye doctor.
It had no shell, which she thought was peculiar.
Later, she saw the mermaid at the mall, without her tail.
But it was too hot to make oatmeal.
It wasn't scratched, so he figured that it must be too dirty.
Suddenly she saw a huge wolf emerge.
However, this was a different thanksgiving.
If his mother tried to feed him anything else, he would cry and cry.
Unfortunately Steven lost his breath every time he ran.
Several kids were walking inside.
The doctor told her today that she needed to lose 100 pounds.
She carried the walkman every where she went.
He is shipped overseas for 1 year.
She joined a club at her university.
Saturday he went to play on his poker team.
She was so hungry.
Last week my mom finally took me to the pet store.
She was given a solo in the school Christmas concert.
They slipped through the elevator into the shaft.
He enjoyed seeing the monkeys the most.
She even switched seats to be far away from them.
She decided to take a bubble bath.
She placed the meat first, in order to cook it fast.
The war was never serious and eventually the tension ceased.
She swam as far as she could go.
Next to the outdoor dining area was a pond full of fish.
Since the customer requested medium rare beef, it wasn't cooked much.
He bought a ball and practiced at home.
One day Mary bought a snow cone from the truck.
I had never been stung before.
She bought several items when she was supposed to buy one.
Suddenly, they heard some weird noises.
So he decided to pay for an IQ to learn the truth.
She was excited to discover there was a salad bar restaurant.
They found some boxing gloves in the house.
He had a big date on Thursday to get ready for.
And he would have to retake it the next semester.
We picked out plans and agreed on a contract.
There was a roller derby match going on.
He decided to run for President so he could be more powerful.
She asked the coach for help.
He is going deer hunting.
They had their cameras charged and ready to take pictures of animals.
Riding in and around all communities.
Wendy's children left their toys on his yard overnight.
He noticed they added several new items.
He went upstairs to check it out.
He went to the store to buy a new toothbrush.
No matter how hard either of them tried, they couldn't agree.
They have been wanting one for a while now.
He decided to make his grandpa's old family recipe.
Henry always gave to charities and helped anyone anytime he could.
It was like it happened over night.
Tom thought back to the music he listened to as a young man.
As I was pouring a cup, I missed my cup.
Finally we decided to get one last week.
One day, she challenged Sally to a game of deck hockey.
He went through many options.
I noticed it and went to the window to see it better.
He decided to make a large one, one meant to be a cane.
The adoption place never informed me that they weren't fixed.
She took ballet classes ever since she was little.
She goes above and beyond in an effort to earn them.
The movie had sold out early.
She had lots of coupons.
He put in his paperwork and retired.
She applied to all the top schools.
He screamed at the top of the lungs for everyone to pay attention.
He asked her for coffee.
Linda is saying her teenage daughter is too smart for her age.
He walked to the pantry to get some cereal.
She got on her phone to invite some people.
The man behind her yelled everyone get down, he had a gun.
She then worked out at the gym for an hour.
He booked a flight to the Middle East.
She made a chicken casserole.
When she had to go to the bathroom, she left the bag on the table.
When she got to the front door something smelled really good.
He is looking for a place that is intimate but modern.
He played on teams in grade school and high school.
They arrived at the field.
It was his best friend Steve.
He did not want to leave without fulfilling a lifelong dream.
She woke shortly thereafter.
Her school was having a carnival.
I saw the temperature gauge rise.
Chuck decides to go to the doctor.
The order was fairly simple and I did not expect a mix up.
She had lots and lots of drinks during the night.
They left the cabin in the morning and bought their ski tickets.
I ended up beating him.
He took the day off to go see the baseball game.
She got the kids dressed and loaded into the car.
She wrote in it every day after school.
They bring the kids to Ani's house.
She was going to a publisher to publish her first book!
He was lonely living by myself.
He handing his girlfriend his keys and wallet.
She was on a travel soccer team.
I walked into the lobby of the small practice.
She had no money to pay the ticket.
I went to an after-school hypnotist event.
As the sun set, it grew dark.
He liked it so much, he entered it into the school poetry contest.
But, he was poor.
I researched Congress accomplishments online and found nothing.
They flip a coin to see which one to go to and Jim won the coin toss.
I will be driving home from school.
He was older and taught her to play, but she wanted to win once.
She was agitated by the upcoming meeting at company headquarters.
I hated my name.
She liked to sit on her sunny porch every afternoon.
The role required Mark to grow a large, unwieldy beard.
He asked his parents to enroll him in a gymnastics club.
She looks at all of her nail polish and decides on black.
As he stepped to their front door to meet them, the dogs barked.
Come Christmas morning, he found one under the tree.
Gardening was one of the student's' class periods.
Her friends did too.
He was going to stay for a few weeks.
Annie sees many new plants.
He has called in sick to work two days in a row.
She mentioned that she hadn't gotten her Christmas tree yet.
All of a sudden, Jared's plane began to be unresponsive.
He had been bothering her for hours.
He bought a large house outside of town.
He reached into his pocket to pull it out.
Wayne's sister, Wanda killed Joe.
My siblings were nervous about the new home.
Diana was able to write an outline for her essay after 10 minutes.
During recess, she approached the girl.
When the family arrived, she kept them entertained.
He talks to his parents about the situation.
Joe was knowledgeable and intelligent.
Her siblings wanted to watch something else.
His friend Hillary is also running for president.
It was backlit and I thought it was perfect.
I've prepared a dance for everyone.
He followed his dental hygiene regimen perfectly.
Kim's target would watch Japanese karate movies and adult films.
So she went to put a band aid on the cut.
The recipe said to add the lemon zest to them.
He was an old man and Sally knew he didn't have many friends.
They considered rebuilding.
She paid her fare and sat near the front.
Sally decided to go for a walk in the mountains.
Rich began to worry it might be skin cancer.
His old clothes didn't fit him anymore.
Her friends encouraged her to make a living out of her cooking.
He decided on a way to keep his mind off his loneliness.
At that time, he didn't understand what that meant.
It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted.
He was waiting to hear back from a recent job interview.
A boy across the room stuck his tongue out at Dan.
The firefighters quickly put on their coats, boots, and hats.
So I put on my pajamas.
There he saw a group of kids playing basketball.
The little boy fumbled with the new tool.
Joe is a purchasing manager at a government agency.
I used to be her for Halloween.
She was scared of the deep end.
After the show we decided not to get a hotel room.
She is forty-one years old and gets feedback from guys younger.
He rushed to get ready for school and not be late to first period.
She would stay up light driving around town to find it.
This afternoon, he set out to enhance his tin foil hat.
His dad bought him Duck Hunt to replace it.
Tom was listening to the radio.
Trevor sat down by the lake and threw out a fishing line.
He grabbed the bags and walked out his front door.
Maddy took a big swig of her friend's coffee.
It was difficult to ski because the trails were busy.
Tom gets accused of cheating on Ariana with a girl he met in Miami.
She loved them!
She was at the fertility clinic with her husband.
But he realizes that he can't find his wallet.
His dog had ruined a lot of it.
He decides to grow a full beard and shave everything but the mustache.
He likes string cheese and hot dogs.
He started smoking cigarettes because he was pressured to do it.
But she noticed something strange.
While fishing, Peter saw a long black snake on the shore.
Running has always been a great way for me to get in shape.
One day Jim noticed people scuttling in and out of the lady's door.
He took out all the food he had and lined it on his counter.
A tired man walked on the bus and looked for a seat.
He enjoyed the afternoon, then decided to head home.
He was about to take his first plane ride.
His little sister, Kerris, told their mom Charles had a beeper.
The message he was told to paint was spelt wrong but he didn't care.
He did not like playing with balls.
She recently made a cd with songs produced by Swizz Beatz.
Leila was excited to see the elephants.
He waited by the mailbox for it every day.
She went to the doctor because of it.
Time was passing so slowly!
The girls were so excited.
In it was a scene with kids catching butterflies.
But she wasn't married, and she didn't plan to ever marry.
She gathered all of her recipes and made a grocery list.
I had trash that needed to go into the department dumpster.
She was looking forward to a holiday launch celebration.
He ran over to his tv and turned it on.
He invited all of his friends.
He finished all his chores after dinner so he could watch it.
I went to a town close to the one I lived in.
Tina is 32 and has been married three times.
She visited many dealerships and test drove many cars.
Although they were expensive, she bought them.
The car he wanted to cut in front of blocked the space!
They were close in age, but weren't sure how they were related.
The dog caught the frisbee.
Shortly after, she had an interview for a good job.
He became so bored with his work that he yawned.
It heated the bread for several minutes in order to toast it.
When he turned the key, the car would not start.
She wore it everywhere.
I wanted to become a big star.
He decided to propose to her.
On Eric's 7th birthday he thought he was all grown up.
Erica decided to watch television.
He said he wanted to fly planes someday.
Every paycheck, she set aside twenty dollars.
He had an apartment with some other guys.
In there he met a Muslim man.
She put on her boots and went outside.
John decided to go look for meaning.
It was very cheap and Tom was a handyman.
She did her best and put them in to bake.
Ray walked up to this house to see if anyone was home.
She went outside to find out what the sound was.
Cole jumped into a puddle of mud by the entrance.
We took the train from Boston.
So when I met him in 2007, I thought he'd like to hear from me.
A man came in with a severed pinky.
He ran out of money so he took a break from the project.
He was already down four games.
She ordered takeout from the pizzeria.
Jim was getting ready to go to work.
The boys had great seats in the Luxury box.
They wanted to announce it in a fun way.
He looked all over the house and in the yard and asked his parents.
He started working on his costume early.
She had a lot of gifts and she liked them all.
The game the system came with was Sonic the Hedgehog.
After walking for a while, he began to approach the food truck.
She was sad they didn't have her favorite flavor.
The music store was out of flutes.
A game with their biggest rivals was coming up.
But she was on a very tight Christmas budget!
His business did well until a new banana chain opened down the street.
He submitted some of his stories to a few magazines.
His dad was at work, and his mother was in her garden out front.
One day she gets challenged by Richard.
He was watching a game on the tv.
He had gotten a parking ticket.
The man didn't pay the contractor for months.
She was passing a driveway when a dog came running towards her.
He jumped in and began to retrieve sticks and plants from the water.
He told me to take zinc supplements.
The children whined that they wanted champagne, too!
She helps herself in the kitchen and paints her nails.
We usually had burgers and dogs.
We dug for salt crystals.
Bill had been refining his recipe all year.
She was very excited to try out her new skateboard.
My wife proofread the returns.
Everyday the dog would wait for Tony to get home from school.
He felt grumpy at work.
She had brought along $500 to play and felt lucky that night.
She bought an expensive case for it online.
He found one method that seemed to be the best.
He had a soda can.
One day she decided to enter a local singing competition.
she loves helping people get the finances they need.
I went to a website and read articles.
He did nothing but sleep and eat.
The cat loves to chase toys around the house.
They set up their kayaks and climbed in to begin their trek.
Specifically I needed a glass screen protector.
The neighbors dog wouldn't stop barking.
Every relative got the same gift.
She lets go of the chair and takes a slow step forward, then another.
It ruined her couch.
They were starving when they arrived!
Willie took his bet and smacked his palms together.
She began to job down her favorite bike trail.
He called around to some local barbers.
We were up against an undefeated team.
The students were each told to write an essay saying what courage is.
While playing on the slide, a bee flew up to him and stung him.
He'd gotten so engrossed in work he hadn't started a fire.
A woman who lived on the street saw the cat.
He told everyone his son was too young to understand the violence.
I looked into it and found that it could be very interesting.
She was feeling nostalgic and decided to buy some.
It's as if he doesn't feel the cold at all.
He always wished they would come back together.
She got into her car to drive to work.
He started doing it.
One day, she developed terminal cancer.
When John got there, he sat with his friends.
It was to be a big anniversary surprise.
He dashed up the court, calling for the basketball.
Considering that I'm on a budget, I searched the house for food.
Suddenly, it started raining.
So did everyone in their family.
All guest arrived the following day.
The books were scattered about her room and in random order.
Her grandmother helped her make one.
He walked over to local speed limit signs with a can of paint.
She was putting up each ornament, when she found one broken.
I slaved over my computer for days and days.
They were scratching vigorously at the door.
She was rather nervous about it.
She set her alarm to wake up at eleven.
His friends never cared.
He loved speeding in it everywhere.
I carried my groceries into the house and put them on the counter.
He was really happy since it tasted good.
I called a piano tuner to come take a look at it.
My Dad and his boyfriend took me there over Thanksgiving.
While she was riding, she came across a bear.
Joe brought a towel with him.
He would attend car shows and wish that he could participate.
So, I decided to take music lessons.
But he quickly noticed the weather getting hotter.
They are always fighting.
When she contacts the tuna company they don't care.
Alas, he had to go to Malaysia.
Her friend worked hard making her a fancy meal and forgot the allergy.
She decides to start trying to drink more water every day.
The album was coming out the next day.
Jane told the child to hold her head back and hold a tissue.
We drove 80 miles to get her, my husband held her on the drive back.
Today she is teaching me how to mix the batter.
He searched online for the best travel location.
She had to decide whether to go to the grocery store or order food in.
At night, his closet light was always turned on.
We had great seats down front in the second row.
His doctors told him that he may not be able to exercise again.
Ducking into a store, he put the leather bag in a plastic one.
He didn't have much money and found shopping discouraging.
It was stuffed with so much junk.
He got on his computer and looked it up on the Internet.
He invited her over to celebrate the holiday.
Rita is a single 49 year old white woman.
She started to lose things more often and called her family for help.
He bought a pretty pony and learned how to take care of it.
They couldn't decide on what to choose.
In the bathroom she took off her jacket and left it on a chair.
Amy was excited about seeing her crush Ray.
He was really talented and had a bright future in it.
She decided to go on a girls trip with her sisters to celebrate.
She just retired this past month.
She called her savvy friend to come and help her.
He just got a new ping pong table and wanted to play with his brother.
Now she was sitting on the porch enjoying the fall sun.
She would go twice every month.
She could see the traffic was barely moving.
He thought he had made friends when the other boys invited him along.
While incarcerated, he got a letter from his girlfriend.
He took one bite out it.
He was really a lot of work.
He was struggling to pay his rent on time.
The opponent came charging at him.
He read many books and talked with wise people.
She talks down to the mailbox to check.
She had to get her checkup.
He took her to the park where they would walk.
She was therefore scheduled with dr Pratt.
Lisa's mom arrived and Lisa left.
He had not studied one bit for this exam.
There was 11 seconds left and I decided to run with the ball.
After a little while, they realized a piece was missing.
She was very beautiful and very wise.
She watched a notorious talk-show with combative guests.
He just made a bunch of it for xmas.
Therefore, I decided to go to the park with my friends.
College was four hours away.
They wanted to see who was the strongest.
But he knew his mom couldn't afford a haircut on her tight salary.
My dog was sitting on the sofa.
Her friends invited her to a Christmas party.
They had been out until 3 AM, but no one knew.
He worked every day mowing lawns.
His mom told him to go to sleep.
As I was walking, I saw a bear.
I went to the store and bought ingredients.
Antonela loved Loki very much.
Her boss was having a holiday party.
When she was ready to leave the hospital, she packed her bag.
Halfway through the walk, it began to rain.
I saw a stray dog.
She likes poems because there were not solid rules about them.
He was digging through his room when he found a cup.
He got to the stadium early and played on his phone.
She discovered that part of the problem was her vision.
He needed some extra money for a birthday present for his wife.
She went every now and then but she had never won.
They had put a merry go round in at the food court.
First I gathered wood and kindling.
They decided they would skip school to go to the arcade.
But she was afraid!
First she grabbed it out of the tank.
Katniss had to make dinner tonight because her mom wouldn't get up.
She studied for two solid weeks trying to prepare.
One day Andy asked his friend to play sudoku with him.
She had a hangover from last night and felt sick.
She's happy and confident in herself.
She rang the doorbell of the strange house on the corner.
He drove up to the dollar store for a quick trip.
It did not burst open, but was shaken up very badly.
I went to the local animal shelter and was brought to a room.
The last time he did it, the home team had won the championship.
He waited in line for hours until he finally bought one.
He's making ham and potatoes.
She began purchasing seeds and prepping her soil.
A local school hosted the bazaar.
Her friend Beth was on the phone for her.
They visited the Bahamas.
He has always wanted a baby brother to play with.
We bought beer and got some snacks.
It scared me terribly to the point I avoided it.
It was almost Christmas and I wanted to get her something really good.
One of his coworkers was a great friend.
She loved to bake cookies of all different kinds.
They lived in a valley and flooding was common.
He sent in many manuscripts to different publishers.
He filled up his entire week with work.
So he decided to take it to a mechanic.
So he put bread in the toaster.
His dad took him out to practice in parking lots and side roads.
He spent his whole life in Arizona.
He needed time to study.
He installed many games and played with it for hours.
She took it home and cleaned it up with a fresh coat of paint.
Mary tripped over a bump on the ground while she was running.
All of a sudden, he got a call warning about a terrorist threat.
I sometimes watch matches with them.
On the plane she woke nauseous.
She had lost interest in her favorite activities and was feeling tired.
He left India, where he had been journeying, and went to Nepal.
Luckily she found out she could do everything she needed to do on iPad.
She can kick and throw the ball.
He had had a terrible nightmare.
Every single day he had one.
He knows he has to do something about it.
He found a large mud puddle and decided to play in it.
She couldn't afford to travel this year.
She gave the example of a sunset.
He dribbled the ball very well through all of the cones.
It is a reference to the club mentioned in Harry Potter.
Her parents took her to the zoo.
Rene and her bridesmaids went over to Vera Wang to start shopping.
Yesterday, he found a shop that only sells records.
It was my first game to watch.
She boxed up all her things in tight boxes.
She left them in the trunk of her car so the kids wouldn't find them.
He has always hated tv.
I put a large book on the surface and the table suddenly collapsed.
Kelly didn't think her mom was going to get her a phone yet.
She went on one with her friends.
Bob didn't have enough money or a ride to the show.
However, on his trip to India, he found that some food made him ill.
He walked in the house from his truck.
She really wanted to go zip-lining with friends.
After a couple weeks, I developed a pain in the heel of my left foot.
Lewis noticed that there was a shiny object on the ground.
Steve had liked Tina for months now, but they never really spoke.
He decided to enter a contest.
They ate a lot since the food was food.
His doctor couldn't see him for weeks.
Today, the class went outside to play baseball.
While he waited, he was using his phone.
But he was very nervous.
My boyfriend asked me to go with him to the prom.
He called a plumber.
It was their last day and they were deciding what to do.
I looked at my bank account and I had enough money.
He said that he loved her and wanted to spend some time with her.
He begins to train by going jogging every morning.
Ed was driving home from work.
He decided he was going to ask Susie.
They hiked up a mountain to get to the rare mineral deposit.
The puppies were from the same litter.
He never made A's.
The moving truck pulled up with all their old stuff.
She was confused as to why after getting her number he hadn't called.
I am a very indecisive shopper so I am a little stressed.
He was very excited to see the new Star Wars movie.
Before we had an opportunity to eat, a thunderstorm broke out.
This summer they had struggled financially.
Ruth complained to her friends that Henry wasn't romantic.
They had fun seeing many sights.
She had to take a test for gestational diabetes.
Her back hurt so she had trouble getting out of bed.
I stored some books in the condo hallway.
Sometimes her brother forgets to knock before entering her room.
John arrived at school and noticed many classes had changed rooms.
Gina was excited to see all of her friends.
The coach said I wasn't fast enough.
My wife had found it outside.
They told him to go pee before the three hour drive.
The new movie is about to show in 2 days.
The prize was a free inflatable party rental.
One day it ran into the street.
Bob had done bad on all of his projects.
She posted a picture of her attractive friend to improve her odds.
He took the money from the vault and ran to the door.
She was falling in love with him quickly.
When she came across an exit, there was a construction sign.
She needed to figure out how to increase her income.
It was the controller on a 1930s trolley.
Today I got an email from a someone in my agency.
It was frustrating because I wanted to buy a cheap book.
She went for a long horse ride on the second day.
She begged her mom to let her keep it, and it worked.
Erin and her friends are going to an amusement park.
It was hot and humid that day.
Late at night, a plane arrived from Mexico with a very sick passenger.
George often felt lonely, so he decided to get a pet.
He was about to grab a banana.
She was at a police station to get help.
But it would be worth his time and effort.
All her friends on the cheer squad knew how except her.
He saw a guy giving out free ice cream.
She went to the kitchen.
Suddenly, she saw something on a bench.
She went outside to see what it was.
She hasn't painted them in months.
He bought some jerky and a soda.
One night my mom told me that we were moving in with her boyfriend.
He wasn't sure what to get.
He put his trash into his can.
When they became ripe he picked them.
He likes to turn on the air conditioner to stay cool.
He was really tired from such a busy day.
But then her aunt called and said the little boy was sick.
She noticed a window was smashed open.
All day he would hear banging from the apartment above.
The dog was always digging.
It was called Hot Havana Red.
Does this creation make me an artist.
Lana's dad asked her to go.
She was excited to see what computers were all about.
Last year, we went to the Ozarks.
She decides to hire a personal trainer to work with her at the gym.
He was sentenced to anger management classes.
It was very warm in december.
She decided to try to improve her wrinkles and lines.
He chose two batteries to see which one lasted the longest.
He had a letter from the US Air Force asking for money.
This was Danny's first time making breakfast for his wife.
She was going to throw away some old shoes.
It took a year to read the seven novels.
It was an expert-level trail, with many steep and narrow inclines.
While she was there, she had an adventure.
He was following someone for a client and tried to stay hidden.
He asked his teacher for help, and she said yes.
He then put in his textbooks and notebooks.
The young boy was fascinated by the gorillas.
She stayed up all night long studying.
One company JD worked for did not like JD's writings.
But his shower drain was clogged.
But after eating bacon, Amy no longer cared to stop eating meat.
As I headed over to the rink and tried on skates I was excited.
Every day they would feed Gretchen and pet her.
She brought boxes of her bookies to her father's business.
Every time Fanny would play piano, the cat would respond.
She was so tired that she began to drift to sleep.
Her friend invited her to her birthday party.
But she was enjoying being cooler than her friends.
I decided to make some.
She hadn't been back for a week.
A stranger quickly stopped him.
He wanted to take a picture of some letter styling for his brand.
One day she received a package in the mail.
One day, he went to the lake and set his gear up.
She was a little nervous, but thought she could pull it off.
They have had their costumes picked out since the last halloween.
We got to fly and look at rock formations.
She asked him to look underneath it and check for monsters.
It was called Ask Mac.
They needed a touchdown to win the game.
At lunch he ate a chicken bacon ranch sandwich from Subway.
This schedule worked with his online job.
At age four, his mother told him that he would finally meet his dad.
She walked into the tattoo parlor and was shaking with fear.
They sat down and told the waitress what they want to eat.
Sam cuts open a tomato, to find many seeds.
As I was drinking it, a car stopped.
He took all of the cash and threw the wallet in the trash.
It was his favorite pastime.
As soon as he passed a car, the fire alarm went off.
The cat meowed and meowed and wasn't happy at all.
Frannie had a cheese sandwich that looked much better.
It was called the shake dance.
He would be playing against his brother.
He called into work and then went to the doctor.
My aunt's power got knocked out.
She really did not want to go out though.
The painting was from 1928.
She wanted to talk about anything But Ray.
His release date came, and he was freed.
The teacher turned around and yelled at me.
Mike chose a blue tetra at the pet store.
Her class was buying holiday gifts for people in a retirement home.
Slowly the sun set.
He walked up to the stage in his robe.
Her tire went flat.
She was ungrateful to say the least.
She feels tired, but realizes that she needs to wash dishes.
He freaked out since he study enough for the test.
He decided to make himself a cherry pie.
His bank account was dry.
He didn't know what to do for it though.
The day I got that game as a gift as a kid, I started playing it.
She told him to only get cheese.
After a while, Harry and members of his family got sick.
He made a list of the ingredients he would need.
Jill was ill prepared.
The trail we very muddy and difficult.
She loved to go to school and see her friends.
They rolled three large balls for the body.
He lived in a nice loft downtown.
He had many errands to run, but first he stopped by the bank.
He brewed a cup of his favorite coffee.
I decided to change my life.
Her grandma bought ice cream from the Milkman.
He watched his kids splash and play.
I went to a sushi bar last night for dinner.
Both of his sisters and his baby brother thought that was cool.
She dragged me to one last week.
It was her birthday and he wanted to show his appreciation.
The one that hit last week was supposed to be bigger.
She wanted to speak with her friends from home.
One day he took a long walk on a new trail.
He would continuously check his phone messages while driving.
First Meg spilled her popcorn all over the floor.
I was a night school grad student.
The looked each other in the eyes and chanted.
She'd just stepped out the gate when her neighbor stopped her.
This year they visited many homes on Halloween.
His mom complained that her meat was undercooked.
He scanned the horizon back and forth for potential dangers.
She received a call one day.
I didn't know whether I wanted pizza or chinese food.
I went to school and told all of my friends.
He baked a cake on his first try.
There were only a few more days left before they had to return.
She poops on the floor on rare occasion.
They were on sale at Walmart for Black Friday.
He quietly opened his door and stepped inside.
The nice driver carefully searched the bus but didn't find it.
So they decided to rob a man's house for fun and profit.
He never hit a homerun playing baseball.
One morning she hears something.
Officer Smith rose from his chair to investigate.
He ran out to the backyard where he'd set a trap.
He wanted to see the old castles and ruins.
I especially like the ones with loops and chains.
He placed him on top of his bed.
She looked upstairs.
He was a bit nervous about shaving his head.
Sam started by washing all of the dishes.
She found a recipe.
He jumped around for the kids to entice them.
They started to plan their wedding.
She worked for months on her fitness.
I decided to try a new HIT.
She always made good grades.
While waiting for the program to begin, she met Bill.
He took one and ate it.
She walked into the school and stared at her schedule.
She asked Nell to draw an alphabet made up of animals.
His friends made fun of him for this.
He was very hungry but he didn't have any money.
Unfortunately, she also had a fear of the water.
She decided she would stay in the basement all day.
She was not wearing the appropriate shoes.
He lived in a big urban city.
He took it the Goodwill store down the street.
This year they went to New York.
The assistant let him watch TV while it happened.
He went to Las Vegas to practice his magic in the street.
The hill got even more steep so they got climbing gear out.
One of them slipped and fell.
He went shopping at a department store.
I didn't notice the gas gauge was so low.
I kept seeing large items go by with INC painted on them.
The new year was about to begin and Mary met with her teachers.
She has to read for school.
He signed up to tryout for the team.
She spent hours making it a castle out of ppier-mach.
The officer in charge opened the safe to verify the code.
He noticed some chirping noises coming from a tree.
He has stage fright and was very nervous.
Firemen from 6 towns all came to combat the fire.
She was happy to be going home after finishing school.
His parents would always get mad that he wouldn't put them away.
Unfortunately they didn't have enough money.
She whimpered, but complied.
He pulled out a shopping list he made to check what to get.
Outside the bus a bully named Val stood staring at her.
He took several minutes to write everything out.
It was kept in a cage in the back of the class.
With the long marriage came extensive bickering.
To pick out pizza toppings.
Her head felt like it was splitting wide open.
In the middle of the yard was a giant stone.
It was a sturdy heavy duty piece of equipment.
So she makes her change into new clothes.
When she opens it a police officer asks her to identify herself.
While she was walking down the sidewalk she heard a meow.
He swam between a large rock, and was shocked by what he saw.
She went out one evening in a very short and tight dress.
She placed a nectar feeder outside on her back patio.
The teller recognized Dave from their high school days.
It was brand new so I was excited to use it.
In order to make ends meet I ate peanut butter sandwiches a lot.
Starting to wash his laundry, he overfilled the washer and broke it.
She gave it anything it wanted.
Her car slammed into a telephone pole.
All of a sudden she bit down.
He had all the ingredients.
This year, Jay simply asked for gift cards to her favorite stores.
Her daughter was playing around by running inside of the clothes.
He was devastated by his diagnosis.
Tom still ate his lunch, which was a burrito.
First she pulled out the weeds and thorny plants.
He walked around his neighborhood filming interesting things.
She would try to wake at six but sleep until eight every day!
Suddenly, he realized that there was something wet.
He finds a beautiful girl.
Suddenly, a bunch of ash fell onto the floor.
They decide to keep him even though their landlord doesn't allow pets.
I bought a recipe book with a number of styles.
She is always ready to play.
He fumed as he pulled over, knowing he had done nothing wrong.
His mother teased him for his routine.
She was doing great.
He tried to stay clean for his girlfriend, but failed.
I can make them pretty easily.
The Field Museum is in Chicago.
His friend Carter decided to teach him how to fight.
While she was gone, her brother took her seat.
He was waiting to meet his friends.
One night, her aunt told her that it was her turn to do dishes.
He was driving from Flagstaff to Phoenix for a gig.
He needed to pay his bills, so he searched for a new job.
Due to his weirdness he has no friends.
She went to church daily.
She drink the milkshake right away.
The dog has knots all over her fur.
He packed sandwiches and drinks.
She reluctantly decided that she would attend it.
She had no clue what to name her child.
When they arrived the driver realized he hadn't set the meter.
She hadn't realized how long she had been in there.
The chocolate store was too far away.
After the party, he decided that he wanted to wear togas more often.
It was time for her yearly checkup.
Suddenly her car sputtered to a stop.
She thought it was unhealthy for a 14 year old to do so.
He noticed a few gnats flying around.
He got the job to save up for a video game.
She had exerted herself carrying gallons of water in a basket.
The books were about fashion.
He noticed that the assignment in his textbook was missing.
She was flat broke though.
We were looking at an exhibit when we heard a boom.
All of the recipes were out of order.
Becky found a sand dollar!
His owner wanted to sleep later.
The traffic was congested since an accident occurred recently.
The crews tried and tried, but they couldn't get the nets apart.
He rode around and then found friends to ride around with.
She only had a carton of heavy cream.
Ahead were a bunch of signs he was unfamiliar with.
She shrieked something fierce, so Uncle Bob came running.
She tried to write it in pencil but her boss would not accept it.
Tim and Leslie went to the beach.
My parents took him to the doctor.
He tried out all the pens on display to see how they felt.
Some of the clouds started to get dark as he flew.
He went by himself.
He decided to experiment with another male.
Yesterday while he was running he twisted his ankle.
She was excited to be leaving home.
One night my friends and were nervous over a test.
They saw a deer through the bushes.
However, she did not know how to bake a pie.
Her grandma packed a box of pickle jars for Nora's mom to take home.
One day his mom noticed that his shoes were too small for his feet.
They had been arguing a lot recently.
Gina tried to plan her steps carefully.
She went to the shelter, but none of them seemed right.
He took a train to the city of Bali.
He decided to light his house on fire.
We decided to go rock climbing.
Sam had been poor because nobody wanted his clothes.
She was trying to carry several bags at once.
The next day, Paige lost her job.
However, she did not have apples for the pie.
He decided to cook breakfast.
His mom was amazed at how much he was learning so fast.
Her family wanted to do something special for Karen.
There must be a better way to sell his device!
He liked being there but not at the moment.
He went into his kitchen.
She couldn't get one string right.
I played in my igloo all day.
So she put one in the oven.
There was more traffic on the highway than she expected.
She was shaking as she walked upon the stage.
He loved to help friends with lifting furniture.
He had his eye on a new set of sneakers.
She searched the internet for the best way to fix it.
At the airport she left it on a plane.
They were half price off at the local bar.
He threw his suitcase on the bed and collapsed in the chair.
One morning, Conrad discovered he could be paid to write stories!
His family had a small party for him.
Alas, it was too expensive for me to eat more than once per year.
Samantha wanted to do something special for her mom.
She toured the fields.
First I tried the big department store, but the styles were so generic.
The person on the intercom asked what he wanted to order.
She went to a salon and asked for a cut.
A big branch fell to the ground just as a young woman was passing.
But he had to listen to the school bell several times a day.
The scales and the way their eyes looked mad And scared.
Her mother could not convince her to eat it.
He read it and then misplaced it in his messy home.
She wanted to motivate her team at practice.
She was going to get a fish.
His dream was to one day be a famous author.
She thought the sky was a beautiful, wonderful place.
He took up reading voraciously.
Kevin really wanted to learn.
We put on long sleeves and jackets.
We decided to get a new dog.
He brought his laptop to show a final presentation.
They gathered some dry wood together.
After the store, Matt surprised her a dinner date.
He and the puppy were the best of friends.
He did not know why.
I dream of chocolate fountains and red candies.
She did her best but failed her math exam.
Her mother ran out to break up the fight.
The mall security had arrested my son.
He saw him everyday.
One of the coolest things we did was scuba dive.
She rarely wears sandals because her feet are so big.
However, he mother tells her to finish her math homework first.
She searched all over town to find one.
Everyone else was happy about it.
I noticed a large spider in the sink.
It was a hot day, and they wanted ice cream.
Jack had the ball in his hands.
He prepared throughout the week for the interview.
One friend fumbled a word as he tried to pronounce it.
They only needed to win one of their remaining four games.
Suddenly she noticed the kids huddled on the field.
Tim and John played video games together.
All the beer there was very expensive.
My grades weren't good, so I needed to do well on the final exam.
They headed down to the beach in front of their hotel.
A cat approached me.
Jeffrey pulled out a cigarette.
She asked her parents for one.
He made a list of what he wanted to do.
But for her 7th birthday, she wished for a special horse - a unicorn!
The three of them spread out.
Two years ago my boyfriend and I attended and EDM concert.
One day his friends found a special room for their club.
One of them grabbed it.
They had fun in the city however getting to the theater was difficult.
They got invited to ride in the Mardi Gras parade.
One time, she gave me a black eye.
She included roses and periwinkles.
She created a big hole.
Sally was excited to be a big sister.
Every year, she makes her costume and enters into a costume contest.
She sneered at us for being such worrying wussies.
Bart decided to call up the family and invite them to his house.
I noticed a baby possum nearby.
The bartender tries to cut him off when he's had too much.
The teacher was laid back and the class wasn't structured.
The driver behind me wasn't paying attention and hit me.
I didn't have a suit but needed one.
He has so many chores to get done before he can go.
We decided to walk through the darkness and fog to the graveyard.
He immediately completed the answers on the first page.
She painstakingly trained herself to alter her natural accent.
Tim didn't want John to play.
They bought large plastic tubs and filled them with water.
He bought a pair of skates and strapped them on.
He became fluent in the language.
Mom was busy trying to get last minute Christmas gifts packaged.
They thought since she was younger she wasn't as good as them.
I made sure I went to the airport on time.
They already had 3 kids.
The text said "help".
After a few drinks with friends, Bill headed home.
We decided to order pizza for dinner.
Even though she had decades to go, she thought it would be nice.
The young child lived playing dolls.
The pilot radioed the control tower.
She was competing with her entire grade.
This concert was the last of the tour.
He walked into his class and took out his supplies.
She was so excited for her holy communion!
When the building was demolished, the basement was only bricked over.
But he accidentally dropped one of them.
I put a towel under where it was leaking to absorb the water.
I went to the store and bought seeds, pots and soil.
I looked around but saw no fires.
She stuck the pill in a chunk of cheese to fool her pet.
Her favorite event was the uneven bars.
Some of the clubs have great wine.
He really wanted a new game.
There was an overly drunk man causing ruckus.
So i took it to get trained.
It was there that he learned the secrets of a perfect pizza.
She threw a party on Friday night at her house.
Lynn's mom was Irate.
He was not sure what product he would use.
He needed a place to live, but couldn't find anything affordable.
He did them all and let them dry.
The coordinator wanted to know if I wanted to foster some dogs.
He put on his exercising gear and went to the park.
His mom noticed it and asked him why.
He was chasing his pet cat around the house.
Then he got an eye injury and couldn't wear his lenses the next day!
Chris tried to wash the pan first with soap.
She decided to take her health more seriously.
He'll be at work and then all of a sudden he'll need to sit down.
On her birthday her mom took her.
She hoped her students would like her!
The wind started to pick up soon after I arrived.
It took forever for everyone to get ready to go out for lunch.
Jim wanted the stray cat as a pet, but the cat was too afraid.
They were extra spicy but no one knew that.
She didn't intend to share them with her siblings.
He collected as many as he could.
She had done research on what type of cat she was looking to get.
In the spring, Marie and David planted flower seeds along a road.
He was amazed by the rocketships.
He waited months for it.
I started to look at the lollipops.
As she rode her bike she was running over worms.
He learned there was a promotion at his work.
She asks her mom if she can have a party.
He decided that he would approach her.
He cuts his nails too short when he trims his toenails.
She showed them her dad's prized collection of rocks.
One day she found a lovely unmarked handbag at the local thrift store.
It was a Monday, so he had to go to school.
Grooves are cut into the slats to make space for the graphite cores.
They went into the Super Bowl against the Giants as heavy favorites.
She told the class how much she loved her pretty doll.
He has never been there before.
We shredded the potato and onion.
When she finally had the opportunity, the seas were very rough.
It was called Summerfest and plenty of new bands were playing.
We live in Boston and it is cold in the winter.
He really wanted to lose some weight in order to impress his wife.
She ran and grabbed some gas and coated the snake.
So Jill decided to buy some kiddie pools and set them up.
She went into the hospital and got all set.
He had been drinking quite a lot.
She always felt that smartphones were not necessary.
No matter what he tried, nothing would come up on the monitor.
He became very distracted by the beautiful off-trail scenery.
She took her metal detector and set out along the shore.
They were in one of their favorite spots, reminiscing.
He made one cookie that looked like his guitar.
My neighborhood is one of the few places where you can ride a Gondola.
Tom did not sustain much damage.
After coming out of work, I drove quickly to see her.
She shops every time she is stressed.
Mom passed away.
I reached down to pick it up for her.
She warned him to wait five minutes for it to cool down.
Warriors from each side died bravely.
We tried to talk to him about giving people some air.
They arrived at the orchard George picked.
She was responsible for making deviled eggs.
To impress her I tried to win her a stuffed animal.
Her mom agreed to buy the tickets if Mary could clean the whole house.
She spent weeks asking her mom for a skateboard.
He stood in line for three hours before the store opened.
She was curious to confirm it, so she went online.
She decided to go experience a bullfight.
Tay knew he could win the race.
There are a lot of unique designs.
But one of his friends recommended it.
But there was no handle on the spigot.
But his family was too poor to buy them for him!
One Sunday they were out of control and wanted money.
She had not known him well.
She was tasked with bringing a dish.
She had no tact at all.
But Brad was very science-minded and he wanted to be a biologist!
He had totally forgotten about it.
I saw a racoon.
He decided to take the highway to get to the store faster.
He wanted to travel across the country.
She thought he was dressed a bit odd.
He decided to enter a hot dog eating contest.
His dad was bringing burgers.
He had planned to have pancakes and bacon, but it was too late.
He is started to feel very cooped up in his apartment.
The thirty six emails from him had scared her.
I was sleeping and wanted to get something to drink.
He said it was really yucky!
Her dog would snap and growl at other dogs on these walks.
The things that went first were the things we couldn't believe.
There were garlands of paper lanterns strung everywhere.
He looked all over but couldn't find the source.
One child remained hidden for the entire game and no one found her.
She put supplies in her backpack.
Everyday, they would be trapped indoors with no food.
Babs was the last of her kind.
He'd never been to a big city before, so was somewhat anxious.
Her mother told her there was no extra money in her budget for Amy.
But she didn't want to learn a common one.
However, that all changed over time.
Sam had to take a plane to go to Disneyland.
One day he was called into the principal's office for his swearing.
He talked to his parents about his plans.
But each day she liked him less and less.
The recipe was given to me by my grandmother.
He pushed the buttons for the candy he wanted.
Tom was preparing for a road trip.
He shouldn't drive after drinking so he doesn't plan to stay long.
He spent day after day with his wife and son, and couldn't relax.
She went to the zoo to see them.
He had a slice and wanted more.
She was feeling frustrated at work today.
The candidate walked out from his podium and showed his tap shoes.
She didn't care if it was a boy or a girl.
He went to a new place on the pier.
He was listening intently for any sounds.
A new song came one that he really got into.
I was very stressed out about not knowing enough material.
He hadn't wanted to give a talk at his dad's funeral.
He started writing when he was eighty.
He told a lie and said that I took his favorite toy truck.
She came over with several supplies.
He had a few hundred in his room.
He had never grilled meat before.
All the students nodded in agreement as he talked about the mirrors.
She got good grades on her report card.
It was a small venue with only one bathroom.
His car would not start, so he rode his son's bike to Clint's shop.
On the way, he twisted his ankle.
He began to walk around town looking for some sort of employment.
Ever since he and his wife Julia had started dating, in fact.
She had to get back to work as quickly as possible.
We were coming home from the park when we saw these strange statues.
My friend had a big dog.
They called him names because of his weight.
They counted to 3 and then started over the cliff.
She flirted with any man in sight and was asking for free drinks.
She took it to a jeweler to sell it.
She started going to more exercise classes to shape up.
They got some bananas and strawberries and put them in a blender.
I saw mochi and wanted to buy some.
A flash of light and a loud sound whisked Al away to his birth year.
Tim was always protective of his phone.
At the class, she learned how to make marinara sauce.
He decided to drive home.
He was very close to his mom instead.
Lisa and Monica are sisters who lost their brother and sister in law.
Andrew decided to talk to her.
He especially hated the chairs he had to sit in at school.
Sarah thought she might have caught the flu, so she went to the doctor.
One of them got too rough with it and dropped it.
He looked all over the place, but couldn't find it.
There was an accident on the highway.
However, he does not know what to cook for them.
But she went to the bowling alley anyway.
In the last 100 meters they were shoulder to shoulder.
Hank's grandfather had a two-dollar bill that was lucky.
We weren't sure what we wanted, just went for fun.
He was very curious about the monkeys.
To grandma's house they went.
In her senior year she discovered she would need to repeat the class.
He looked at the top.
I mustered up the courage to ask her out.
One day when she was hiking, she found a nest.
I got distracted with my new video game.
He planned to bring the can trick-or-treating to fill it up.
The news was filled with stories of young girls in the area dying.
He thought he was going to die.
He couldn't find it anywhere.
She went home to get started on the project.
We did not have a car and took the bus.
She looked in the cupboards but there wasn't much to work with.
One day he tried creamer in his coffee.
Throughout my teenage years, I was obsessed with movies.
The sun was out and the weather was perfect.
She had hinted about it to him.
Every time someone served him jello, he got mad.
We had to take cover in the basement.
I went to the shelter to see the available cats.
The next morning, he was very tired.
Tryouts for his school's team were in one month.
When he got to the store, he saw the best invention he had ever seen.
My lab partner did not want to participate.
She searched Amazon for a good book.
Bonnie liked to feed birds with bird feeders, in their shared yard.
He first applied at a fast food place.
He thought she was too young for him.
We rented out a log cabin in the woods.
My friends invited me to a party.
When the weekend comes along, they want a treat.
She saved her money.
I bought supplies and found a guide online.
Finally there was a tournament coming to her hometown.
Today was her first day.
Roan didn't want to waste the peels, so he found a solution.
His wore his nicest shirt and his favorite cologne.
He loved the small towns.
He searched everywhere for a phone.
It was out at sea on a mission.
Yet Kelly had been sick.
They each stood in front of the sprayer to get a glow.
He tried to teach it fetch.
The kids all laughed at her.
She lost her job for some undisclosed reason.
Scott told him to throw the ball to a teammate that's open.
While taking notes, my eyes began to close.
He stirred up trouble with all of his friends.
After we got married we asked her to go to dinner with us.
Instead she wore a pair of dentures she bought from the thrift store.
He would hold each of us in each arm.
She tried to call her family members who had an extra key.
She thought it was going to be an easy job.
In the winter they burn a wood stove for heat.
There, he saw the ancient ruins.
They decided to have a race to the water.
It was right at the entrance.
They were drinking orange juice from a jug.
They disagreed on dinner.
He went outside and started rolling snow.
He put on his boots, skis and goggles.
They made her breakfast in bed.
He knew there would be jump ropes and hula hoops to play with.
She was nervous about making friends.
She hadn't played, and knew the casino was the best place to learn.
She was running late for work on Monday.
His dad loved golfing, so Ray started to accompany him.
His mom was worried about getting in trouble.
He went to the store and looked for what he wanted.
Sylvia was innocent.
They have bouncy houses and free donuts.
He went to the local nursery to choose plants.
His mom warned him to be careful with the plate.
The doctor felt the best birth control would be the pill.
I had never scored a touchdown, but it was my dream to score one.
She went on the internet and searched for songs.
It got put in the back of the fridge.
All the students in my class were talking.
Every few weeks he would see it scamper under the house.
She was nervous about it.
The hair floated off Tony's face into the wind.
I wait for the bus in front of my house with my friends.
She thought about taking a short through the grass to save time.
He drove thirty minutes to a pet store.
The train was very loud and made it hard to sleep.
She looked in the pantry for the necessary ingredients.
He had forgotten to tie his right shoe.
She moved to a rural area.
They asked for hot chocolate, but the container of cocoa was empty.
The crew assured us that we'd get far enough out to avoid it.
She couldn't wait for her sprouts to turn into big, bright blossoms!
He waited all week for a letter from her.
He wanted to make some nachos.
He came home and decided to go for a jog.
In English class, he usually did poorly.
They had been together for five years and no engagement.
That's what I was doing, when I saw my Mom come by.
Including a pet bird Tim had.
He volunteered at an animal shelter.
He wanted to do something nice for her.
I walked down to the local park.
She decided to explore other religions.
He placed his water bill in the mailbox and taken my the mailman.
She wanted to help her community, so she started dog sitting.
He practiced everyday.
I started to flip through it and saw a lot of funny pictures.
He had to walk, but it was snowing.
They accidentally put jalapenos on it.
He walked with a really bad limp and cried.
He had a tray by the door for them and they weren't there.
She found it hard to get them to sprout from seeds.
He decided to bowl more often to get better.
He walked down to the kitchen.
He looked for a solution.
Amy's mom went to the shelter to find one.
She set her chicken breasts in her slow cooker.
Last friday they tried salsa dancing.
He munches on his merchandise in front of people.
My favorite pitcher was playing.
She was very nervous.
He found an affordable sedan he wanted.
She and her friends would go to all the coolest stores.
My dad bought two more.
He was really hungry so he opened the bag.
But he needed to thaw it out first.
He went to acting school.
He took out a saw and began to cut a hole in his roof.
He spends his day watching and protecting people on the beach.
She had absolutely no intention of trying to drive to the store.
They looked around the area since no person was there.
Each man's stated at a different end and began.
He was also lazy and never active.
They went to an Italian restaurant and ordered pizza and pasta.
She saw some ducks.
He took it to the beach one day.
Suddenly things changed.
His teacher contacted his parents to let them know.
But he wanted to have fun.
As the CEO, I paid myself fifty percent of all donations.
She put her fingers on the keyboard hoping for inspiration.
Suddenly there was an alarm blaring.
I suddenly see this random shirt flying in my direction.
I used to be able to wake right up out of bed.
She did so every week.
He figured he should call her and tell her.
She took Jenny for a ride.
She answered the phone when it rang.
So she put it out of her mind, trying to forget it.
She was getting annoyed because she thought that was gross.
Jay added lights to his and painted it bright red.
She was teased constantly and eventually left school.
I noticed a car coming my way had their headlights off.
He decided he needed to get a job.
During lunch he had a hard time eating his food.
She spent so much time with her nieces and nephews.
She spread a blanket on the tar roof and nodded off.
He was always worried about hackers.
She had about a dozen of them.
At first she wondered why everyone drank tea all the time.
Jarvis would spend his days digging for treasure.
Recently, Dan allowed his best friend to borrow a comic book.
He gasped at what it said.
I saw a picture of my wife and I when we first started dating.
Finally he made some friends who shared his dream.
His first choice is Harvard.
But no one told him the party was on a boat.
He went to the big five sporting goods store.
One day, a new boy started going to Amy's school.
My teacher came in and started giving instructions.
He waited for it for almost an hour.
She always copied from her desk partner, Carrie.
Eventually he found out it was his fire alarm.
I had no idea what to write.
I ran myself a nice, hot bubble bath.
Jesse figured it would be silly and geared toward little kids.
It was her first time on an airplane.
her friend June talked to her about the trip.
A few friends visited and they had a volleyball match.
After work, I picked up the ingredients and went home.
She heard the ice cream truck come down the road.
Bob told Dave he had a bad feeling about the trip.
He decided to take a writing course at a community college.
She hit a bump and got a flat tire!
He takes special care in loading his new speargun.
He wants to name the baby after his Dad, John.
I made my favorite cereal as soon as I got up for my family.
She came across a rare chestnut tree.
She spun her globe to pick where to go.
I decided to take a rest and sit down for a bit.
She always wanted to take up fishing.
However, she passed with flying colors.
He had to write a report on one.
He decides that he's on a winning streak and keeps betting.
Gina was eating a bag of chips she bought at the store.
She said she would stop on her way home from work.
I found out at night that my dog is a very noisy sleeper.
However, one day, her pastor started making rude comments.
Matt ran ahead and got lost.
He brought this to the attention of a supervisor.
Suddenly, the light bulb burnt out.
It was worth millions of dollars.
When he tried to pay he realized his wallet was gone.
It was very large and bright.
While there he met a pretty girl.
When he looked for an outfit, he could not find anything to wear.
His car was damaged in a car accident.
He couldn't wait to use it.
She started working with others and made many friends.
However, out of all of his exotic belts, his favorite was plain.
I called my sister Names, as in, "Hey, Names, get out of my seat.".
They booked and packed for a trip to the Caribbean.
He had gotten in a heated disagreement with a teacher again.
Most of her furniture were hand-me-downs and were old.
A man got out of his volvo to investigate.
There was a sale going on at Best buy for computers.
The tea tastes great and I drink it every morning.
She would always spend a lot.
But he is in a bind when they tell him they need him to start today.
Cindy could not figure out why.
One day he came home from a long day at work.
He went to a website to find one.
She bought green pepper seeds for her sister.
But he is failing in school.
She tried a shoe store, but didn't know her mother's shoe size.
Chad didn't understand why the animal moved while sleeping.
He was visiting the aquarium with his dad.
He takes them apart to see how they are assemble.
He poured the cereal into a bowl like he always did.
The titans were against the crapes.
One day Hiroshi broke Taro's model car.
He would pay anyone who could take a coin from his hand.
The car maintenance light turned on.
He became depressed and turned to heroin.
Bob was very proud of his new car.
He worked hard at his chores to earn the allowance every week.
Today, Daddy took her to see the elephants.
Bob had fleas.
The water was cold.
She answered an ad that wanted a babysitter.
But Alice wandered off by herself.
When the girls got to the hotel, they were shocked.
He's very excited to start the final stage in firearms.
Then he returned to pick them up.
Bill decided to buy a leather jacket and some jeans to look cooler.
Ted spread the poisoned traps along the perimeter of his yard.
I did it in the rain and often in the snow.
He lived in a hot climate and the summers were brutal.
He wasn't very well trained.
He was a pretty good drawer so he wasn't worried about it.
One day he saw a terrible video.
After walking around for a while, we came upon the petting zoo.
His daughter called him from college to say her car was broke down.
Suddenly a car pulled up and the window rolled down.
Brent wanted to shoot a deer.
I told him to stop however, he continued to move.
The co-worker asked Amy to ring up a purchase for her.
It was his first day of preschool.
I looked at the news and saw there was a festival.
She had been ignoring him first, but this was unexpected.
I decided to answer and say hello.
Each day, Nelly followed her older sister to and from the new school.
He attended his grandma's party and had a piece of cake.
So he decided to shave his head.
He was nervous because he wanted to win.
They go every week.
There was so much snow that school was cancelled.
He was finally able to buy it.
His friend had told him there was no Santa Claus!
The front desk worker greeted her.
They took their seats in near silence and awaited instruction.
It was opening for the season at last.
But suddenly, the hot water turned off.
She is still trying to cope.
After setting up the oven, he decided to go rest on his bed.
His dream was to create a zoo full of his favorite animals.
It made her very unhappy.
He was playing the back end of the cow in Jack and the Beanstalk.
He decides he needs to quit smoking.
She explains to her roommate Jack that her date assaulted her.
She decided to consult her horoscope.
He was too wimpy to say anything.
I built a ramp about halfway down the hill.
Her parents told her they were to expensive.
I needed to summarize my data.
He decided to eat some cereal.
The music started to play and they announced the next race.
The girl would date other guys and complain about them to Albert.
He was really having a lot of fun on his new bike.
But he had fallen asleep on the couch after church.
The oldest of four she was home schooled and a very sweet girl.
It was so cold, I didn't want to go, but I had to.
She decided to decorate her house.
She bought seeds and starter pots to sprout.
She used the phone card to call her friend back home.
He had the whole class believing them.
She wanted to work close to home.
He is an eccentric person!
His friends asked if he could play.
For her sixteenth birthday, her dad bought her a horseback ride.
We went to a restaurant near our home.
He had never tried briefs.
The snow got so bad that roads were blocked.
Year after year they would lose until the 2015 season.
Jason pressed the buzzer since he knew the answer.
He wanted to be a wide receiver but wasn't fast enough either.
Ben knew that if he read the most books he would win.
As a result the schools were closed.
Unfortunately, Meg wasn't very good at softball.
During the show, there were games.
He moved it into his living room.
The box was really big and took a lot of sand to fill.
She decided to incubate some of them instead of selling them.
She spent most of her time meticulously sweeping the living room.
She had family coming for a mini vacation.
Bob decided to make a trip to the grocery store.
He was paralyzed by a gunshot wound.
Kyle thought he was the better player, but Matt managed to beat him.
They took a wrong turn and realized they were lost.
He struggled with finding meaning in his life.
It was not his.
There were lots of people at the beach.
I was expecting our bed to be delivered.
He had a doctor look at it.
He was a big, black Doberman who all the kids were scared of.
Her boyfriend had never skated before.
He had never been away from her for so long before.
He had a crush on the cheerleader Kimberly.
She thought she wouldn't do well.
Her mother told her she was too busy to make her a lunch.
She worked all night to bake enough cookies.
One week later, they were sleeping and heard a bump.
I took my compact car to the mall.
She had played at the park all summer.
She was saving to pay a credit card debt.
Now she had it back and all was right with the world.
I waited for the first couple matches to be over with.
He decided to go get fast food.
He decided to make breakfast.
His manager has recognized his overtime and commitment.
And outside the snow was falling hard.
They were not playing very well in the season.
Starbucks said she could get a free drink on her birthday.
He would always take them out to the fields to graze.
He forgot the material he was supposed for.
Mom decided to take us to the beach.
But she noticed that it tasted odd.
They worked hard for weeks to learn their lines and music.
So he parents were nervous whenever he made food.
He wrote it on his calendar.
I have been busy studying for the past few days.
He enrolled in community college and bought an apartment.
She thought that she heard a noise downstairs.
The show was long but worth it.
She got mad at me for saying her music tastes was bad.
I went skiing with my family.
The plate he was washing slipped out of his hands.
She wasn't at all a fan of heavy metal.
They ate a plate each but then agreed that the food wasn't great.
He wasn't good enough last year, but this year's be different!
For Christmas his parents wanted to get him a phone gift.
One day, she swerved into another car.
The boat has all of the options and very expensive.
Her friends told her that salmon was delicious and she should try it.
He goes to the dealership and picks out a car he likes.
A girl walked past and shouted something rude.
Suddenly he gets a call from a customer.
She went to the piercing parlor with her friend.
She was bored but saw another girl nearby also hiding from the rainy.
He'd been in a wheelchair for the better part of his life.
The coach would beg him every year to play for the team.
She was excited when she was told truffles were on the menu.
He wished he had more friends, but his classmates were aloof.
His grandparents had moved to another state for warmer weather.
It was her first day at a new school.
My doctor told me to change my diet to eat less fat.
She was quite nervous.
Today was their big day.
He sat in the auditorium with the other parents.
The noise woke me up from sleeping.
Jim entered the break room to get his lunch and left.
He decides to look for a replacement.
She looked in his closet to make sure she knew his size.
I used to slide down the poles all day.
I am picking up all the random sticks.
He's seen too many stories about plane crashes.
It was super hot, over 100 degrees by 10:00 am.
He learned all about Sicily's Mob history.
One day a co-worker offered to pick up a burrito for her.
She didn't want to seem like she cared that she was alone.
She designed everything from houses to boats to spaceships.
She received a notification about a new app.
The test was very hard.
She texted her husband that she wanted food.
He saw that the next player at bat was not very good at hitting.
We wrote the ideas and were preparing a set.
But the streets were icy, and the side street was a hill.
He did not want to attend the mandatory orientation.
But she had no money!
Although the bike needed a lot of work, Frank thought he could do it.
He turned to get a rag to wipe up the spill.
I went on plenty of dates.
He announced that today is the final day to drop any classes.
She was puzzled when the clothes wouldn't dry in the dryer.
Suddenly, he was standing in front of a bear.
I hated captcha codes.
He made carrot stew.
There was limited service, but there was no bus from her job.
He went to the auto shop.
A song came on that was once a favorite that she grew tired of.
A month after my 15th birthday, by sister was born.
But the teacher awarded second place and then third and fourth.
One day, Ed's father brought an old laptop by.
I put on a silly voice and jumped into the pool.
He was suffering from an allergy attack.
There, he saw the sights.
But his sister was taking a shower.
One day, she found a glad she had never visited before.
He decided to look for a gift to relieve some tension between them.
She desperately wanted to conquer her fears and be able to ride.
He fell and hurt his knee.
He wasn't supposed to but he kept sneaking his girlfriend in.
A pretty girl walked right by him.
She decided to make him a gift.
His baby laughed with glee.
She brought it to school to show everyone.
It was rated R, so his mom said he couldn't go.
He cut up some potatoes.
She walked to the store and bought a cool drink.
I wrote down the names of the vegetables.
I noticed that my present was simply a slow globe with glitter inside.
I heard shouting coming from a nearby alley, so I ran over.
She was given her first article.
She begged her parents for one.
Fred has been tired of the marriage.
Beth thought it would be a good idea to go to the beach.
Finally, it was one day before the release date.
He knows he needs to get started.
She went to a fancy bakery to get some.
He was determined to quit on his birthday.
I walked to the front of the cafeteria for a club meeting.
He would always take cheap shots at opponents.
His food took a long time to arrive.
His ambulance was called to the scene of a terrible accident.
They sit down to a candlelight dinner.
In the seventies several Greek style pizza shops opened.
She didn't own a topper for it, though.
I opened the door and a bird swooped through.
Allie and her friends walked into the factory with extra large grins.
His parents would try to calm him down.
One school day during roll call she only counted 9 children.
I feel it takes to much time.
He went to a navy recruiter.
She decided to get a job.
At Fall tryouts he did his best.
She is in line for a promotion.
She was only one month from due date and still growing.
Her grandfather has a chess board and knows how to play.
Her friends and family tell her that bob haircuts are out of style.
She went to the pet store to look for one.
He called for his dad.
Suddenly a deer dashed into her path.
I chased after the cow on my truck.
I didn't realize just how cold it would be.
It would take 3 days for the books to arrive.
She is very excited and can't wait to get there.
I wanted muscular forearms.
One day he got lost.
He went outside and played in the warm sun.
He didn't think anyone loved him.
She was scared of the risks, but eventually she decided to do it.
I was very busy and almost forgot about it completely.
He can hear me walk down my stairs and often meets me at the bottom.
Upon further inspection, she found the seal was poor under the sill.
Each week she went to the store and bought enough for 5-7 days.
I had never been in a highrise.
I bought all the ingredients.
The force of it shattered the glass.
He decided to do pushups every day.
Matt invited his friends to join him.
She got together with her team and gathered on the field.
We brought blankets and snacks outside to the yard.
He thought of himself having a good job.
His cat jumped into the sink all of a sudden.
He realized that he could make a living from motorbikes.
She could not think of any of the answers.
She had a bag every day.
She had been summoned for jury duty!
He took his younger cousin along when he fought some guys.
At first she panicked.
In the thick crowd, they became separated.
She was in her final year of schooling.
He decided to try his hand in stand up comedy.
He loved doing experiments in the basement.
She separated her clothes into separate piles.
She was bragging about a grocery delivery service.
She decided to take a sushi making class.
My eyes quickly scanned the room.
Every morning he liked to do 200 burpees.
It wasn't as easy as she thought it would be.
Despite this, she volunteered to donate blood at the local drive.
They took a trip to the nursery to buy the plants they needed.
One guy was so relaxed he fell asleep in his tube.
He was very poor and could not afford one.
As it turned out it was her teacher.
The basement level contains the laundry.
So were her uncles children whom she didn't like.
However, there was a big concert the night before.
He said he would give $1000 to anyone who could lift more than him.
But he had to finish his homework.
Joel was sad because he thought he'd hate fruits and veggies.
He prepared his project on volcanoes.
An attractive woman sat down to use the machine next to him.
His mom always got a clown for his birthday.
His fifth grade class was suitably impressed.
He found a nearby hill that looked great for sledding.
Mike decided to install a second rung for clothes.
Ziggy's worried owner takes him to the vet.
My wife and I looked for a long while.
He met a volunteer who keeps lonely sick people company.
He checked his pockets again but only found a penny.
When Lucy came to the car he could see she had a black eye.
She was running down the court with the ball.
Tom was not a good singer.
He wondered if it would really work.
She worked really hard on the recipe.
He had a cup of red fruit punch in his hand.
She put on her helmet and her knee-pads and ran to find her mother.
She had no experience so she made a fake resume.
She begged her parents for almost a year.
He found the hippest club in town.
Finally he asks for two weeks away from his job.
The whole family laughed as he chased his brother around the house.
Yesterday, on his birthday, his parents bought him a car.
Then a coworker had a sudden emergency and begged Libby to stay late.
Dana went to the bathroom and started feeling pain.
I decided to drink more milk.
He auditioned in disguise for another trivia game show.
She has a special system she uses to pick her numbers.
They were digging around the water line.
She drives into town to see the nail colorist.
He drowned his sorrows by drinking alcohol.
He walked to the toy aisle.
The family decided to go canoeing down the park's main river.
Alex did not feel the need to get a new job soon.
He had never stayed with her before.
He bought wallpaper fifteen years ago.
Harley asked around, but no one knew who the cat belonged to.
He prepped all the food in the diner.
She was unloading her groceries into her trunk.
My friend had the ball and tried to pass it to my brother.
The other day I texted her with an anecdote that reminded me of her.
She had only fifty dollars but was looking for a few items.
She hurried home, hoping her parents hadn't been told.
On the side of the road I saw some boxes.
He imagined his own life at 85.
Unfortunately her family hated posing for photos.
It was four inches long.
She missed her train.
May knew the girl was sad.
She had seen a movie and was now at dinner.
She like most flavors except for sour things.
He knows he should start cooking breakfast at home.
Now I will never go back because it's expensive.
She was very jealous.
We looked at the local shelter website to see the available cats.
She walked home from school in the rain with no umbrella.
As the printing machine printed copies new information came in.
She asked him to take pictures of her walking on the beach.
For weeks he couldn't lift more than 200 pounds.
He had written over 200 short stories.
They went and started climbing trees.
She took a metal spoon and tasted the sauce.
Josh didn't love her like she loved him and he broke up with her.
Diana picked two people and they immediately walked towards her.
She searched everywhere for it.
The school bully came to their table and sat down.
The next morning, she felt horrible.
Martin and his friends found a nice camping spot.
He flew to Philadelphia for a show.
She could barely muster the energy to walk outside to check the mail.
No matter the weather he had to drive.
He thought grapes were the best.
She was getting ready to stop for the night and needed a hotel.
One day, his parents forgot to pay the monthly cable bill.
He knew they would take his wife's side.
One day our father brought home tea bags.
Before leaving the house I had to make sure they had left.
He loved watching people dance but he never participated.
They would float with them.
As she was driving, she had to stop suddenly.
After a long day Rick fell asleep in the sand.
She was a bit nervous when she took it.
He didn't have a lot to spend but he put a dollar in the machine.
At a party her friend throws, she noticed a new kind of nut.
Their president had just declared war.
One day after school, his father told him that he lost his job.
She dared him to go inside it.
I arrived right on time.
It was a Friday night and everybody was restless.
She bought a bottle of champagne.
He decided to research the fastest texter in the world.
The night before he packed his lunch and laid out his clothes.
Her friends convinced her to go out for bingo night.
The year before 4th grade she surprised me with a pair of loafers.
He bought a crossbow to help with his hunting.
As she walked through the park, she attracted much attention.
She was informed that orange juice was about to skyrocket.
I saw several different predatory animals.
She needed to change the dressing.
I decided to try it out and ended up meeting a nice female.
She had already purchased her plane ticket.
Since he was all the way on the top, I had to use a ladder.
His family encouraged him to start by learning poker.
Ramona decided to take him to the vet.
People were playing with fireworks outside.
I kept mowing the grass over and over.
I was learning how to do the balance beam.
It had been several years since we broke up.
She invited her mom, hoping she would attend.
It was a family of four - two parents and kids.
He went onto his boat and relaxed with his fishing pole.
He wanted to get out bad.
There would be a loud slam and a bang in the hallway.
Jake's grandfather had already planned ahead and bought a train set.
He often took her to play bingo.
Most cases she tried, did not fit.
Dan and his brother decided to go to an indoor gym.
She was bored at home and wanted to occupy herself.
He got lost at Hollywood Studios.
While looking for shells, something shiny caught her eye.
He waited for their answers.
And he wanted to see how fast it could go.
They were going to see a concert.
His neighbors commented on how unsightly it appeared to be.
Then the phone rang and woke up her.
He decided it was time for a good shave.
Since most of the trip was through several forestland, we were nervous.
Anytime she'd see a lonely dog she'd offer it a home.
He had woken up late, but was trying to get to work.
She received a call from her credit card provider the next day.
But he saw a small puppy by itself.
He was very good but the computer was even better.
Her friend wanted to be class president too.
She took it to the mechanic to get checked out.
Her friends tell her that it is cruel to wear fur.
I took them for an entire month.
Unfortunately, the doll her daughter wanted was discontinued.
He was almost blind without them.
Due to a special scholarship, Brian was able to attend a good college.
We took our small boat and fishing equipment.
She looked in her fridge to see if she had the items she needed.
She decided to skip putting gas.
One item was a fluffy new duvet.
The elderly lady who lived there was gone.
He gets into a fight wherever he goes.
The pair walked through the woods looking for an animal.
She's trying to pay for her tuition next semester.
Most of the citizens were escorted to a large shelter.
They wanted to see a special shrine, but needed to return immediately.
I immediately opened it and tried to set it up.
But she said she didn't understand it.
He named his fish Nemo.
THey were going to replace his sidewalk.
Every boy in town was too shy to talk to her.
When they purchased it they got their stuff and moved in.
It was her first day of junior high.
He decided to take a trip to a local church in his town.
She had been looking forward to walk on stage for weeks.
She slid on the highway and hit the car next to her.
She is working with a client to lose weight.
He wanted to stay friends.
She decided to write a sequel to the book.
One evening while performing a hysterectomy he noticed something.
He did a lot of work for ROC-NLP-Research.
His wife gave birth to a boy in September.
As he drank it, another man tripped and fell.
She bought new hangers and hung everything up.
In order to do so, he needed to get good grades.
After tasting it she decided it needed to be spicier.
I decided to make a huge move.
His heart is in trouble.
The neighbors complained.
When they rang the doorbell her parents looked at him quizzically.
I was just a little girl and really didn't feel like it.
He said he's getting about $30,000.
He liked robotics.
She loved to dress her up.
He suddenly remembered today was trash day!
He has to tend the horses every day.
Sam was a beautiful girl but she lived in that place.
He would hold cookouts with people who would pay for his hot dogs.
My big toe was bent.
She was exhausted and sat in the only seat available to her.
He took his job very seriously and became well known among the team.
He decided to learn how to write python code.
During her visit a blizzard occurred.
She also argued at me since she told me to buy hood.
Her latest case was to find the killer of a young woman.
Sneakily, Joe lied to his wife and went anyway.
He saw a wolf standing in the distance.
But Jill is unsure.
She signed up for ballet lessons at a local dance studio.
I don't have weights or a gym, so I began bodyweightfitness.
A large Rottweiler stepped on the sidewalk and looked at him.
And when he a job at a fast food restaurant, everybody saw it.
I plugged it in to start using it and it popped.
Alan was so good they put him in charge of healing the soldier's.
She borrowed some polish from her mom.
Melissa told him to put the dirty thing down, but he kept it.
He smiled at everyone he saw.
This summer he eats more peaches than ever.
It was the most caffeine she had ever had in a day.
They played until the game was tied.
I placed it in the microwave.
He bought a brewing kit.
The ramp seemed so much higher now that she was on it.
He had studied all semester.
He knew instantly when someone was lying.
I didn't play it until later in life.
While training, he noticed more pain in his feet and back.
She was caught up looking at the jellyfish.
Sam had been playing football since he was 7 Year's old.
He bought a bunch of silver dollars at the current price.
So his parents told him to never use the microwave.
It is a bit of a scam so I always avoid it.
There, she went to see the Eiffel Tower.
He picked out a red one because he always wanted a red car.
While browsing clothes at a store, she struggled to read a sign.
He decides to go to the park to see if anyone is playing baseball.
They decided to go to the store.
He is rather arrogant and thinks he knows everything.
I called my physician and scheduled an appointment.
He gave the clerk the suit and asked when to pick it up.
Sue wanted a leopard print bed-in-a-bag, but her mom said no.
They saw a swan swim past them.
It was very fun.
He bought a lot of  crackers and cheese.
He went to the pharmacy to get some cold medicine.
His rabbit had run away.
He went all day and hadn't caught anything.
One evening I walked up to a white senior lady co worker to talk.
This morning the elevator got stuck.
When she got to the shop and found that they were closed.
One night in college I took my violin to a local bar.
However, her dentist tells her that she needs to floss to be healthy.
My siblings were starving and there was no food in the fridge.
He notices that his time after work is lonely and boring.
She wouldn't eat and wasn't playing.
When she tried it she loved it.
She kept asking her husband, but they didn't have enough money.
She adored her humans more than anything, but needed a furry friend.
Yesterday, he noticed a sore on his arm.
He had lots of fun at the pool.
The family gathered around the fireplace.
At church one Sunday, a student stood by him to talk to him.
Most of her rocks were found at home or in the school yard.
I had a lot of extra tip money and wanted to spend it.
They needed to upgrade systems.
We started to explore.
He was absolutely ruling at the game, beating everyone.
He dropped a forty-five pound plate on his foot.
She promised that she will pay my back.
She looked in her wallet but couldn't find her money.
A bone is placed between them.
I didn't realize how much running was involved.
She was fighting with her coworkers.
It was a cane with four feet.
However his phone broke.
At first he is embarrassed to distribute flyers in public.
She vowed to keep it a secret from her mom.
We had met on a cruise ship.
The plumber started working, taking the toilet apart.
One day, Alice visited Maria for the afternoon.
Right now I can do about fifty.
But her mom thought she was too small.
His mom said it was okay as long as Will's mom approved.
So they decided to go to the zoo.
Her mom helped Lily buy a tank and a few fish.
He asked his wife what kind of meat she wanted.
It was the day her heart got broken.
One day he spotted a small rabbit.
They had been married for a long time.
She heard thunder in the distance.
She left the dough to sit on the counter and rise.
However, he kept interrupting me when I'm talking.
It was a low buzzing sound.
She brought her new puppy home, but her parents were not happy.
He went to the pet store.
He knew it was his roommates.
Rory decided that she wanted to find out who her birth parents were.
She groped for her inhaler, but she had forgotten it!
THeir mattress was so uncomfortable!
He has been trying at this for a year now and is growing impatient.
Her friends and family tell her that volleyball is not ladylike.
When he went to flush the toilet he found it had clogged.
She put it in a big tank.
He read that raw eggs would help him a lot.
But Ivan was upset that Marge was drinking most of it.
She was making a beautiful arrangement.
While waiting for clothes to be done washing, she went upstairs.
After a real heavy rain, the hard ground was now soft mud.
She loved the game and desired to win a tournament.
All of a sudden, the top of the fan dropped from the ceiling.
John named his puppy Nisha.
It was a green mug given to her by her grandfather.
She got up and walked to the kitchen.
But he was a grandfather and he proved it Easter Sunday.
He dreamed of being taller.
One quick peek confirmed that a skunk was trying to get our food.
She decided to add some hot sauce.
Suddenly he saw flashing lights behind him.
It gave her a sense of responsibility.
But, he didn't have enough money for an apartment.
She submitted her name and phone number.
We were warned that if we didn't quiet down, we would get kicked off.
The Agent was a woman who owned her own agency.
He wanted to increase global well being.
It was nearly impossible to get them to sleep.
Her eye was swollen and bruised.
He was allowed to do community service.
However, he was not a very safe driver.
He decided it was time to go on a diet.
He started a sporting goods business with some friends.
He set out to explore the city of Antioch.
She would buy the most expensive clothing when her country was hungry.
He was sick of his old wooden floor!
He booked a hotel and planned out the whole week.
I wasn't sure if I could go or not, so I was nervous.
Some people wanted it downtown.
Two days later we left to make the eight hour drive to Los Angeles.
She got a new bike as a prize!
He thought his friend was cheating at football.
They were taking turns telling each other what things they would see.
They packed up the car and started out on the road.
After thinking about different books, I decided on store and left.
They slipped them under their shirts or behind their backs.
She applied to a well known college.
His father taught him from an early age that working hard is important.
She panicked and called her electric company.
He thought of a scheme to raise the funds he needed.
Her mom finally agreed.
He loved cabbage but he ate no other veggies at all.
They needed a way to keep girls out.
Their child was a toddler.
When I was twenty-six, I got the chance to go.
She wasn't sure when we'd have time to meet up so she was sad.
His favorite is coming to his town to give a speech.
They were having a great time.
Steve started having doubts about his religion.
It was quite a long drive to get there however with a ton of traffic.
Teacher's warned not to play there.
The day that Ed went to the market.
She had a batch in the oven.
She'd spend months baking pies, cookies, and homemade candies.
I thought that I was being followed.
They pushed every button.
Just a little more and gold would be his.
A cloud passed over the sun and it bothered the cats.
I came in to greet him and show him where I want to go.
He wanted to look sharp to impress the interviewer.
Someone suggested taking it to a repair place.
He would always be paranoid in his house because of this.
He ripped the carpet out of his latest project.
When she arrived, she found that it was empty.
I looked online and saw that school was cancelled.
As everyone peeled out, Roy stopped Jan.
She thinks they might not be safe.
One day Linda asked Jay for a pencil.
He found his favorite movie on DVD at the store!
It marked the anniversary of his father's passing.
But before his gym class started, it began to rainy.
Last year it had puppies on it.
Candy is trying to find a way to tell him about her feelings.
There was a snowstorm coming and Maria had to drive to work.
She checked the library to see if there were copies available of one.
But, it wasn't popular where he lived.
Suddenly her ride got very bumpy.
Jason loved his Legos, but would leave them strewn across the floor.
She knew once she left her parents were going to ground her.
We called a gentleman who was selling Scottish Terriers.
He forgot his wallet.
She is always pushing me to take on more and more.
He told his math teacher that he memorized 50 digits of it.
He was really scared he was going to do bad.
THey saw a casita online that they wanted to rent.
I was tired of fixing it all the time.
I lay in bed and watched television but I was hungry.
However, she didn't have the money to get her hair done.
He got lost in the woods and didn't know it.
She asked her mother when they would be going home.
It was really cold, and I had forgotten my gloves.
There'd be one ready to be picked the next day.
We settled on a date, time, and place.
He has been trying to make it big.
The things Mike did, however, were not funny.
He wanted some drums to back him up.
Erin worked all week perfecting her recipe.
He was taking lessons.
She wanted to see it with her boyfriend.
A customer came in, demanding free food.
They were giving away free headphones with a purchase.
As each day goes by I get more and more nervous.
She was very excited.
Bill would wait and watch the victims of his pranks, laughing.
I remembered to do it the first day.
Her parents moved to two different places.
They went out to lunch and went shopping.
He didn't nail the nail deep enough into the wall.
She was walking in a marketplace one morning.
All of a sudden the internet went down.
He took it to the grocery store but they couldn't cash it.
He bought so much gear in preparation.
She searched everywhere for a black bag.
He decided to read a book on fixing electronics.
It hadn't been cut in three Year's.
He did not know which type of food would be best.
I walk there pretty often.
We put some on her favorite cat toy.
He loved walking slowly.
He could not find any friends to go with him.
Across the room was an ex friend Sara.
Recently she had to take care of her great grandchildren.
He was so excited about the upcoming film.
They hated it so they moved again to New Hampshire.
Martin kept himself busy by playing with the palettes.
She was to stay home for 2 days.
We tried taping them to the wall.
She liked fish so she thought she should try a shrimp.
The customer asked for some wine.
He knew exactly what he wanted for Christmas.
Martin was afraid of heights.
One day his friends took him to the shooting range.
Then we had to get in the ferry to go home.
My son was caught shoplifting.
We came across a food truck.
Lucy wanted to make a jacket.
Then she went to watch TV.
She went over the script for weeks in preparation.
Everyone comes over once a month.
She saw a quart of coleslaw on sale and bought it.
Chip is cooking food at work.
Stacy returned his feelings because she felt the same way.
I bought a small cabin in the woods.
Bradley took a large mop and started to clean the floor.
I had two at work that did not have lights.
Because of their antics, their mother asked them to go outside.
I know because I still like to write and sing songs.
He sat on the couch for months afterwards.
She decided to make her own.
As soon as she could afford it she booked her ticket to Madrid.
She has been going to the gym to lose weight.
She decided to make homemade tuna casserole.
His team consisted of his friends.
He gets paid next to nothing an hour.
She ignored her Grandmother's instruction.
i was looking forward to eat some too.
He got lots of applications from different businesses.
Chad and his wife were too busy.
Those little balls of fried potatoes really made her happy.
So she decided to buy a goose.
His brother Sean was very jealous of his crown.
The next morning school was cancelled.
She saw other kids playing and longed to join them.
He made socks for each of his siblings.
He asked his mother if he could play in the snow.
He was stranded on the beach.
He usually went once a week to catch all the new releases.
He put in a chocolate bar for his dessert.
So he tried to fix it himself.
We keep freeze-dried food around in case this happens.
She loved the wonderful sights and smells of the food being made.
But he found that it was difficult to install!
She absolutely loved the dog.
Last week I managed to get it all done in one day.
He decided to look for a new pair to buy.
She hated painting photos.
One day, she saw a trail of cracker crumbs across a counter.
But she really wanted a boy.
He looked at all the guns and ammunition.
He wanted to get a fence installed at his home for the dog.
Timothy caught a bass.
When he got a cavity, he couldn't eat them without pain.
They loaded their jetskis into the water.
Most days he enjoyed simply sitting in silence.
He took pictures of everything.
She read a book while catching the sun.
I went by myself to a Mardi Gras Parade.
Adam was worried because he wasn't sure he knew the material well.
Tryouts at her school are soon.
He saw a skunk following behind him.
He worked all summer to get enough money to buy a glove.
She decided to hire a personal trainer.
But in 9th grade he learned how horrible slavery was for blacks.
Her rabbit was pretty with brown fur and big eyes.
They were now hungry.
Her day at the carnival offered her this opportunity.
He has two more weeks until school is over and he's struggling.
She had added all of the ingredients and was letting it cook.
She sewed them to curtains and dresses and lampshades.
His children were so happy their dad was gonna watch them.
One afternoon his mother took him on a bus ride.
The owner was teaching her how to make a pizza.
He went to the electronics store to check some out.
Brad was now 25 and wanted to reconnect with his father.
They were staying at an amazing resort!
Her brothers continued to yell and play wrestle with each other.
He decided to make a video.
He sailed the sea with his crew.
When it ended, she wasn't quite done reading.
He was ready, and his friends said good luck.
They drove to the animal shelter to find one.
At the party, Tommy complemented Suzanne on her appearance.
He needed to get his couch through the door.
He went to his neighbor to ask for help.
Gina didn't think the street was in bad shape.
Bobby locked up her house and turned up the heat.
She poured herself a glass of tea.
Each of the three young men set up separate tents.
Barry searched the internet for a quick and easy recipe.
The problem was that he had one of the slowest card in town.
However, my friend came over and needed company.
He wanted to be different, so he ordered one with pineapple.
He decided to go to the salon.
He decides he needs to buy something warmer to wear.
Nothing seemed to be coming out organically.
Her grandma bought her groceries from Byerly's.
She wanted to something to do to pass the time.
The gallery showcased the most expensive art in the world.
They decided to go on Saturday.
Her friends had taken her to talk to a psychic.
He decided to look through it one day.
Reggie needed to go to a nearby store.
He loved it!
He quickly brushed his teeth and put on his work attire.
She had tons of unused clothes, trinkets, and other belongings.
He went into class to talk to his teacher.
As the boy grew, Linda noticed his hair darken and straighten.
It was his first home purchase so he was nervous.
There was no food in the house.
He snatched up an acorn and ran away.
Rachel suggested that they go to the zoo.
He goes to the local public pool.
She wanted to know why Kim was telling lies about her and Ben.
The other car revved back.
He tried over and over, and finally called Customer Service, furious.
He didn't have enough money to buy it, though.
She made one out of a pretty floral fabric.
He would leak things in it that were hard to clean.
On her most recent ride, Susan forgot her helmet.
He load the washing machine as full as it would go.
We drove in our car.
Sally had just blown a huge bubble.
Recently, Amanda heard of a product that could help with her sickness.
When he woke up after three hours of sleep, he was tired.
When I was in the third grade the class was playing dodgeball.
Her husband and her went in for an ultrasound.
He would always think of it.
During recess, he ran after her and yelled her name.
They had a lot of interesting attractions.
He loved to do his radio show every morning.
He restocked items.
He never let Dave play any games with John and his friends.
She sat down on my couch while I prepared it.
They loved to play videogames together.
They were waiting for the parade to come by!
He warms up with a quick run.
He decided to hide from his mom to spice things up.
She wondered if he liked her enough to marry her.
He was working the night shift.
Bob was an Irish Terrier.
For a while, everything was absolutely normal.
He had a special worker from the state come and bring him things.
He ended up getting lost.
He went to Safeway and applied for a job.
He took a train into Saigon.
They struggled and slowly made it to the top.
I hated the way I looked in the pictures.
She had intended to make mud pies.
She was running a bit late.
Today he woke up with a stomach ache.
He decided he wanted to go there to try it for himself.
At the kebab shop, he ordered a beef frank.
She always stayed up super late.
I hated being in crowded hallways so I took out speedwalking.
She noticed something in the back of the closet.
Clara called her mother and asked if there was a party.
He stretched for a long time, massaging aches and pains away.
She never thought she would win but she tried anyway.
I needed to make a quick deposit and noticed they had candy out.
But as summer approached, she felt urged to cut it.
He grew it out for two years.
The hotel helps a pervert to record video of her nude in her room.
He heard about a breaking news story on the radio.
When Larissa was twenty-eight, she got a boyfriend.
He didn't hear her at all since he was wearing his headphones.
I ran up and grabbed my friend and pulled her down behind a car.
I told him a broken mirror is 7 years bad luck.
He read books on style and formatting.
Tracy is fearless, smart and a winner.
She won VIP passes and she couldn't wait.
She tried to plant berry bushes, but long vines strangled them!
He lived there with his wife and three kids.
When he went to boot it, it gave him an error message.
He told me he had cellulitis of the foot.
He looked online for reviews of different phones.
She decided to drive home.
On very proud of her because I know how hard she has worked.
They have a to-go line where you don't have to get out of your car.
When he received the shot, it hurt him badly.
They drove to a large river in the forest.
He was anxious about starting it.
It was a big, fat snail!
He decided to learn German.
She was so worried about what she would wear.
My wife and I ended up at one that seemed quite abandoned.
She made them some chicken strips.
The week of Easter they cancelled track on Monday evening.
She found out about free salsa dance lessons.
He hated the ritual though, feeling it was tedious and unnecessary.
Alice stepped out into the hall to talk to another teacher.
He decided to talk to her.
He was born with birth defects, and his club foot was amputated.
He decided to stare at the humans while they ate supper.
He used a gravel vacuum to remove the old water.
A co-worker told her there was a deli in the store.
Unfortunately it was overcooked.
She had been homeschooled all her life up until then.
I need a lanyard because I have use of only one hand.
She asks her friends if they no anyone without a date.
One day his boss asked him to host a birthday party.
A bit too much fun it seemed as it came out of my hand.
He decided to pick up his guitar.
So some of his classmates decided to play a prank on him.
So he took lessons at local tennis center.
He waited and waited but no mom.
She had a runny nose and her muscles hurt.
Suddenly Edna lost track of Jessie.
A purple frog would be the perfect pet.
He used devious methods to slip away.
She loved the dog very much.
Everyone in school, including him, was devastated.
He put stickers on every surface he could.
He was on his way to a movie when the boss called.
The man showed them his cages filled with exotic singing birds.
At first Nina liked having the dog in the house.
I vowed to get back at him.
Adam and Ashley both wanted to be president.
In an attempt to impress her, he picked up several weights.
She noticed that the track had been neglected and was in disrepair.
He had an important appointment to keep and he needed help.
He drew many funny pictures.
She watched as her old friends walked out of the school together.
Her mother would become cross with her because she would get so dirty.
We decided to go to an afternoon game one Sunday.
But she had no container for them.
He didn't have any shaving cream.
I invited my friends to eat them.
She dressed up very carefully for her date and arrived early.
One day Jean called her best friend and asked her to lunch.
They had loud parties at night and even some mornings.
It was her friend Jessica and she was excited.
The car needed an axle seal, as a previous mechanic indicated.
Then one day her little daughter Sal approached her.
She was waiting for her parents to tell her they were leaving.
She was going to Napa!
But he finds out that his new girlfriend has a cat.
They discovered that they forgot cups.
I wanted to try to do it to, but had no experience.
She packed all her plates into a box.
The waves were extra large because of a storm offshore.
He wanted that as the theme for his party.
He didn't make enough money at his job to buy it outright.
He then found a lot of companies to invest him.
He said the Chief had emailed him some documents yesterday.
The manager came her greeting and major thanks to every person.
A mosquito flew behind him and bit him.
He went inside warily to discover his house had been ransacked.
He once considered himself a great writer, but he lost his drive.
Tom started wandering off.
I decided to eat two loaves before my wedding.
She opened the fridge to see there was no milk for her breakfast.
He asked if he can borrow Henry's phone.
But she had lost her wallet.
Her husband brought her a big bouquet of lilies.
He walked a great deal, all over the city.
She realized she doesn't need half of the stuff she has.
From that day on he wanted to move there.
On weekdays his dad is busy.
But he could barely afford to pay his bills.
He solved crime mysteries for the police.
She stayed home from school.
They were going to a concert.
In such a rush, Chad was stopped by a police for speeding.
Dave would be playing quietly and John would sneak up and shout!
The old ones took coins.
One day, while test driving a car, Mike was hit by another driver.
She had fun and made lots of friends there.
He asked his mom for help.
I went on the internet and found the part for sale.
The only thing she didn't like at all was, unfortunately, the boss.
One day there was a hill that was so steep that he could not ride it.
Peter's parents told them to be asleep by midnight.
They had been trying for years.
He asked if he could get in for free because he was poor.
Since he was broke for the week, she offered to pay for the food.
The captain had heard reports of German submarines in the area.
Maggie was excited to watch it.
I fell in love with the Star Wars movies.
He was going to ride on a huge water slide!
She flaunts her beauty in front of her married boss.
Kids started playing.
Then, she saw that his email was open on his computer.
His friend told him it was a bad idea.
They were both young stylish women - they even had the same bag!
When he got to the store he immediately ran to the chocolate.
I went down the usual highway but got stuck.
But he was interested in interracial dating.
I found a cute 3 bedroom down the street.
She decided since they had to live together to try and get along.
She invited all her friends to come join.
It started raining before he got there.
James had wanted one ever since his big brother started skateboarding.
Last week he planned a relaxing night at home for them.
While we were near the top, my father grabbed his chest in pain.
While it was at sea, the market for rare earths collapsed.
She had thousand of friends on Facebook.
Paul decided if they came by sea he'd flash the light once in warning.
He usually did not win, but he still hoped.
He only had one for his body and not his long hair.
They got a new one called Twister.
I had a lot of fun.
So much that she was always picking up strays.
He looked for it in every room in the house.
He had never done such a hard race and was afraid of how it would go.
Then, I cast my hook into the water.
I was nervous.
They have the best pizza.
I tried it at my friend's birthday party sleepover.
They wanted to take the new hiking trail to the river.
He applied to various jobs everywhere.
About 2 hours in I realized I had to use the restroom.
I looked under the bed and in the closet.
His last project was new carpet.
The next day his neighbor also painted his box the same blue.
But, when she checked the tracking she saw that they were too far.
One day at a concert his piano was in horrible pitch.
They put on thick snowsuits, boots, and gloves.
She looked online to get prices before going to the store.
College was not an option in his eyes.
It was too outdated.
But there were so many to clean.
I was with my youth choir from church.
He takes out a small business loan and finds a open retail space.
He took a tea bag and put it into cold water.
He and his friends have been playing on the huge water slide.
Collin had gone out to buy his wife a new coat.
She decides to stop eating carbohydrates.
He got in an accident near the main engine.
Beth received an online message from a friend.
He was unhappy.
At the bottom of the river I saw something glittery.
She saves up funds all summer by babysitting.
A school zone was looming ahead, but Mary didn't see it.
The race was beginning shortly.
He started doing some research on building computers.
When he got good enough, he made plans to dive his local lake.
He always wanted the best for everyone and helped whenever he could.
Her eyes were hurting her, so they had to remain closed.
She was an artist that created masterpieces.
They received an alert that a huge snowstorm was approaching.
Since she thought that my homework was trash, she threw it away.
However, business wasn't doing so well.
He thought he saw a ghost sitting in his closet.
When he returned to school Josh said bad things about him.
He went to his homeroom teacher to attempt to stop him from mailing it.
When her husband died suddenly, he left her nothing.
He loved doing yard work but today he felt ill and needed help.
My cane had slippery rubber tips and wore down quickly.
She bought a bottle of dye called Dark Ash Blonde.
The game was almost over, and the bases were loaded.
They were high socks in a rainbow pattern.
I wasn't allowed to have any until my brother got home.
But he was becoming impatient and decided to read more quickly.
I wasn't sure where to get one so I asked some friends!
Fred could barely see in front of him.
There is a big storm heading towards her house.
When he removed the trap under a sink a diamond ring came out.
But they always hated buying the expensive snacks.
He saw a job posting from the local jail.
When Jake got to his friend's house, the friend wasn't ready.
This summer he was finally tall enough to ride the roller coaster!
She saw Scooter digging very anxiously at the ground.
The meeting was starting and her boss was relying on her presentation.
He bought a can of Ravioli from a canned goods sale.
But everyone thought it was too dirty.
While he was there, he saw a game that caught his eye.
She was resourceful, and she came up with a plan.
Rob went back home to live with his family.
He dug and dug with his shovel.
Gradually Truman's keyboard deteriorated.
They were having tryouts for a week long.
But her mom did think she was ready.
Yesterday she posted a video about a spider.
He ate it every night.
They were too tall to fit in the garbage can.
Stacy felt horrible for her mom.
Susan wanted to know when she could go to school too.
They were at the 17th hole and the score was even.
He recently hired a professional instructor to teach him how to play.
It had off-road tires and a heightened suspension.
She had crowded teeth and was embarrassed.
Since he was visiting Ireland, he knew where to go.
She had been out on the slopes for hours.
He had been homeless for some years.
I am usually very careful to not leave my violin behind.
One year he put up a manger.
He started exercising too.
His friend bought him a new shooting game on Steam.
But she decided to do it and get it out of the way.
He woke up and had a big breakfast and got ready to go.
The repairs were going to cost a couple extra hundred dollars.
He called in sick to work.
The teacher wanted them to make a realistic sculpture.
She found two complete sets of Time Life books in her attic.
Mary's dog did not like getting wet.
But he loves watching them anyway.
His parents invited all friends to the theme park party.
He had liked Jayme for so long, he was so happy to take her out.
She attracts male cats at every apartment we live in.
They broke the law doing this many times.
He thought it would be good exercise.
However, Tracy didn't know what John might want.
While walking she noticed the same fliers on different poles.
She was finally going to be 18, officially an adult.
She was able to knock out the first few quickly.
They visited an animal shelter to get one.
He was great at throwing the crust high into the air.
Suddenly, she slid on ice.
Her son picked out a Pokemon folder than he loved.
Her roommate asked her to go to a party.
The owner of the farm introduced us to one of his horses.
She had to get a mastectomy.
Scott recommended to plant Kudzu to his client.
It was about math and showed many funny skits.
Hers had too many miles and was old.
They always enjoy reading the fortunes.
A girl stopped him and asked him to participate in a taste test.
It wasn't real though.
She moved to spike the ball.
She adored the way they set off her color.
He told her that in order to get it back, he has to beat her in chess.
They talked their mom into buying clothes of different styles.
She was playing pool with her sister.
She got ready to get down on all fours.
Whenever I go over there to watch a game we search for hours looking.
They tried to see how far they could throw to each other.
They were fascinated by her shoes.
It gives me time to think and meditate.
So, I decided to fly to Japan.
The in-laws smiled and ate the meal graciously.
One day, as she walked she picked flowers.
A guy next to him brushed against Jerry's shoulder.
One day a squirrel in the yard ran up a tree.
They were having an ultrasound for their baby!
A girl was sitting inside.
My girlfriend was lying on the sofa under some covers.
This year she played on the basketball team.
I said only once.
He works on a cruise ship.
It was the worst time ever to get a dog.
Someone had left a book in the library.
They were planning on visiting their parents for Thanksgiving.
She bought a baby gate to keep her out.
He was an artist.
Unlike many, I do not use photos of family or pets.
I had been crushing on the girl for months.
Frozen bananas were ten dollars each.
Her mother was a fashion designer.
She went on a diet with her best friend.
She decided to buy some plants.
She spent three months eating healthy and exercising.
She only steals the finest jewels.
She took off thursday morning to try and lift her mood.
He placed an ad in the paper.
Later I saw the same car at a rest stop and had to pull over.
One of the men was cutting the legs from a water tower.
We decided to visit Albuquerque to see some of the sites from the show.
A breaking news story of a school shooting was being broadcasted.
But one day, it was too hot to eat it.
When she went to inspect the property, she found squatters.
She had always wanted friends to talk about literature with.
The first thing he did was buy a large house with a big yard.
He put on a nice shirt and selected a tie.
He went to his first bar and had his first few drinks.
I was describing my favorite metaphor in the poem.
He found one shirt that fit him really well.
She gave her oldest granddaughter a beautiful brooch.
He asked his family for help, but they told him to get a job.
First they saw the adorable penguins.
He wasn't sure if he would make it so he asked me for help.
He wasn't good at any of the sports.
She needed to go downtown.
He thought he had done well.
She was going to a job fair in town.
I become so interested in working with the special education students.
As I turned right down my street, a skunk appeared.
He had bought good treats to use as a reward.
She enrolled in a film class.
She decided she'd have cereal before she did her farm chores.
Marry feels someone grab her.
My soccer team won the final game of the season leaving us undefeated.
I slammed my hand in the door letting her in.
Amy was so excited she barely paid attention.
John hated flying so he decided to drive.
It was broken.
She was hired as a nanny.
He was the last one to the restaurant and they already ordered.
I cannot believe how inappropriate some of them are.
It had been snowing all day so the roads were slick with ice.
They indirectly announced that they were breaking up.
He sang theme songs for businesses.
He applied for many jobs but had no responses.
He couldn't think of what to write about.
She loved painting the most.
As she was walking a thief came and stole her bag.
His mom said it looked gross.
He has gambled away his entire savings the past year.
I told her that it was probably just stuck and needed some grease.
They were trying to sell 400 boxes of cookies!
He still lived in college town and missed home.
The movie cut out to show a breaking news story.
Tom asked Jane out on a date to the movies.
The teacher was aware of the time but didn't care.
He looked around and eventually traced the sound to a well.
He loved Blink 182 since he was in junior high.
She'd bought her clothes new wardrobes for school.
He got a microphone so the crowd could hear him.
He obtained a knife.
He replied to every request with a check for one dollar.
They had a new kite and it was a windy day!
He held it up in the air for all of us to see.
Today our son is driving to a WWE fight in Brooklyn.
Their mom gave them candy to keep them quiet.
He plays in the sand.
They had practiced for a month.
And his total came out to 6 dollars and 66 cents.
Being a teenager and full of rebellion, I refused.
I thought about taking a boat.
The team allowed anyone to play, there was no trying out.
She woke up feeling super nervous.
They spotted a whale near the surface.
So she no longer made food for him to bring to school.
Her husband snored so terribly!
At school he always joked around and made others laugh.
One day, a cat showed up at his house.
So he bought a bicycle.
The cruise ship passed through a bit of rocky weather.
She wanted to buy a new watch.
The sound of explosions and gunfire emitted from the television.
He wanted to throw a party for his wife.
I looked out the window and saw an old friend.
Her friend suggested Batman.
Strong winds started to blow in her direction.
She is two years old.
The family decided to use some garland to cover it up.
He was not very good at it however.
His team was good enough to make the finals game.
They had been very busy this night.
He searched online for card trick tutorials.
There was a hole in her backyard.
When she arrived home, she searched her purse for her keys.
She made a C on most of her tests.
Her parents made plans to send her to England for a vacation.
So he went and got one done.
We began to sail off in the ocean.
She looks for a boyfriend online.
The dog followed me around the park.
Her friends reminded her about it during the entire day.
He set his GPS to the route, but the battery died part way through.
He would fly into town and catch the rodent that plagued the town.
She was concerned it would hurt though.
She finally ordered one and could not wait to pick it up.
He was guilty of the crime but trying not to show it.
He saw a big, fancy tv on sale.
The driver began to accelerate the car.
This past weekend I escorted 15 teenagers to a town three hours away.
She decided she needed to use the restroom.
She realized that she didn't have all the ingredients.
It was time to race!
They had a butler.
I worked for the MBTA, a mass transit authority.
For most of the game, Diana never passed the ball.
I decided to go to Starbucks, because they have free Wi-Fi.
She had robbed a gas station.
Most days I remained silent, until one fateful day.
She can even outrun the family dog.
She opened the door and tried to walk outside.
He spent his whole childhood saying that!
I was reading a book and drinking soda.
He went to the putting range every day.
They were disappointed that there was no beer.
Not wanting to text and drive, I pulled into a parking lot to answer.
One day he put a heavy load on it and it fell apart.
He was suddenly distracted by a loud yell.
He tried to figure out who owned it.
We drove nearly five hours to get to the venue.
She couldn't find a good swimsuit.
We've been rubbing each other the wrong way from the start.
So she thought really hard for an idea.
Luckily they had a fire extinguisher in the kitchen.
So in cooking one night, she decided to try it.
He decided he needed a cushion on his chair.
I took my daughter with me.
They each threw in some fruit snacks.
It happened as she was backing out of her driveway.
Dan managed to beat Danny for the 10th time in a row.
He has had grand adventures in his head waiting to be unlocked.
She hated people and looked at them with a scowl.
Like most Tuesdays, this Tuesday morning was devoted to errands.
He was with his friends bragging at how he plays.
It's one of those comfort foods that remind me of my childhood.
He spent many weeks perfecting his jokes.
My violin teacher would be angry if I wasn't able to play well.
She wanted to make it really stand out.
She eyed it curiously.
They were there to prove their talents and see how well they spied.
A tornado was spotted in town.
Chemo and numerous drugs were all the doctors could offer.
Her books fell all over the sidewalk.
His eyes began to hurt immediately.
It was at a beautiful mansion.
Her dad built shelves to go in her locker.
He watched a lot of late night infomercials about weight is loss.
He went to the dealership and bought a really fancy BMW.
To do so, she needed the best fruits.
She bought a big jetted tub.
I went deep sea fishing.
He met a woman he liked but she was always busy.
Every year, the state fair was held in their city.
She looked a lot of recipes to she what was good.
He stepped on a sharp shell.
And she ordered one right away.
She took it home to her other fish.
There was major traffic but everyone drove slowly.
If his mom wasn't allergic to pet hair, he could have gotten a dog.
She played the organ at the church.
An old man was waiting in the room.
He got a dune buggy for their back yard.
He saw an acorn on the deck.
He liked seeing the lemurs the most.
All of a sudden the car in front of me breaks.
He has never been the kindest older brother.
We got along fine until we started to play music.
Suddenly she got a call delivering some awful news.
She would hatch up plans in order to get her hands on money.
His bedroom was on the second floor.
He also had a hard time meeting new people.
She made a pasta dish that everyone loved.
He threw a 50 yard touchdown pass in the playoffs.
He went to his local store.
We took the same course that's why we have the same schedule.
He groggily hit the snooze button and went back to sleep.
He drew a design that the manager didn't approve of.
I saw a brighter spot in the sky.
She saw a little fox.
Since Jeff needed the money soon, she promised to pay him back.
It started raining so she pulled out her umbrella.
She signed up for a big choir in her neighborhood.
The lion was their favorite animal.
She would glide along the sidewalk waving at everyone.
It was a parrot that could talk!
The first one to eat ten hot dogs in fifteen minutes would win.
She settled into her theater seat to watch the movie.
I tried to influence them that a stranger tried to attack me.
He started to lose control.
He was playing in his first game.
It was going to be a tea party.
His wife bought him a new hairbrush.
When she went to see them that summer they were singing all the time.
It was a perfect day to relax near the water.
He wanted to start having breakfast.
Clark hits a bum in the road.
It was going to be a jungle gym for his kids.
She wanted to give it an engaging title.
Finally his father relented.
The customer said he wasn't interested and walked away.
He bought a cow.
They were very anxious and excited.
The family decided to plant some pine trees.
She found a beautiful pair of earrings.
He hires someone to teach him.
He could only invite on other guest on the trip.
Ann has low muscle tone.
One morning she wasn't there.
He is having a great time.
They snuck into the theater.
The injury was horrible, and he was rushed to the hospital.
He hitched them to the wagon.
The sun was setting as they approached a trail heading home.
The first pair she tried on were way too big.
Genevieve also wanted to snuggle with Mom.
It is even worse when I wear shorts and ride my motorcycle.
Last month, he tried riding the rail on his skateboard.
His father was running late.
My stepdad took one of them.
After Tom healed he went to therapy.
He boasted how he could defeat Jerome in a battle dance.
We lived in the city and did not go anywhere.
A customer used a quarter to pay part of her bill.
So she decided to cook a large meal for herself.
Then she went to cook broccoli.
One day he could not find his diary and looked everywhere.
Her sister hates highway driving.
He packed up his gear and hit the road.
She packed her favorite PJs.
She decided to give a pop quiz.
She was in math class when her belly started making noises.
But all of them he looked at were too expensive.
He slipped a note under a bench.
While there, she accidentally dove into the shallow end.
I told her I would accompany her.
Suddenly, Kathryn fell off the bike and scraped hurt her knee.
He thought it was sort of interesting.
He caught a baby bunny and let it go in the house.
It was perfect weather.
Our building has a no dog policy except for service animals.
Her mother only gave her one rule.
The top of the pepper jar was too loose.
He was in a nasty divorce with his ex wife.
He wasn't familiar with the city at all.
A high school girl at the park had some cigarettes.
He was working on a stew.
He was beating me at tennis.
He was very upset that he had to move back in, so he felt very bad.
He was worried he had done poorly on his last test.
She spends her workdays being lazy.
I watch a video about making shapes with pancakes.
She was grumpy when she woke up, at work and back home at night.
Her friend Bianca suggested that she try mud volleyball.
Bill hadn't had much luck during training.
Her Mom and Dad agreed to adopt a kitten from the animal shelter.
She immediately accused Sadie of stealing the pen out of jealousy.
This morning it was raining very hard.
He wasn't guilty but the victim did not agree.
He wore a team jersey when he went to the games.
Tracy prayed for a way to get rid of Douglas?
She really needed the money and felt she could handle it.
After graduation he ran with his friends from work.
The competition was tough.
His brother did not believe that he could crack two eggs in one hand.
He searched all day and night.
It was raining outside and the roads began to flood.
She had some skin tumors removed.
I was so nervous.
I had a lot planned out and made a mental note the day before.
The match was going to be a very intense one.
Then she got self-conscious.
Adam didn't really like his girlfriend anymore.
Finally, she was in the Olympics!
John couldn't find his guitar anywhere!
They went to a bar that had great wings.
He stared at her, stood too close, and made personal comments.
He began playing the guitar.
He ended up lost on the other side of town.
Christian came home and told his mom about the assignment.
They have been passing by my house, which is a hot spot.
He went to the store to buy some cleaning supplies.
That morning, the police had arrested the assumed culprit.
She would select each decoration with a lot of thought.
It was a tiny puppy from the shelter.
She had trouble with a boy named Tommy.
First hundred customers got a hundred dollar gift certificate.
It was incredibly hot outside.
Some are dark secrets, others are lies and untold truths.
A hoarder lives across the street.
It had a very long, fluffy tail.
But I didn't know how to answer many questions.
I was nervous because I never played basketball.
He stayed in a hotel near a large volcano.
So he went shopping for a racquet.
They made a burrito that was practically famous.
Since it was Halloween, she decided to walk towards it.
They were most excited about their big garage!
He tossed and turned, but it was no use.
She has started to enjoy it since watching the olympics.
They disagreed about what new car they should purchase.
He had pulled me out of the water.
They were throwing their friend a surprise party!
It began to flood in the yard where Josh kept his dog.
After decades of loss, this year's team is on a winning streak.
While he was inside, the car wash suddenly stopped.
He felt a sharp pain in one of his teeth.
He was dismayed to find they also hadn't paid the sewer bill.
Harold ordered a large cheese pizza for him to dine on.
She won a scholarship to a university from National Geographic.
She talked a lot about her mother.
They were traveling to the city.
They wanted to learn about the fort's history.
He had flowers for her!
He wore a suit to the wedding.
His science teacher taught the class how cheese was made.
Lily left him after she received an art scholarship.
Skip left his phone at the table as he headed to the bathroom.
Suddenly he noticed several ants crawling across his desk.
I have no idea where it is coming from.
He decided one day to go to therapy to get over his fear.
I insisted we were too drunk.
They liked to crowd around it and make s'mores.
They had grilled steak.
Across the street were a couple dogs.
She put the largest piece in the kiln.
They found a secluded beach.
She wasn't sure when she'd see her again.
It was the ice cream man!
But it wouldn't go away!
Shannon was exhausted.
After about a week we finally asked her what was wrong.
The battery had gone bad.
The competition is who can complete a video game faster.
They wanted to see a spaceship launch.
Driving home, we saw household items left near our building's dumpster.
She noticed the perfect tutorial for a DIY version.
Tom sees something shiny in the trash.
The interview lasted until five in the morning.
At first she had a hard time getting him to listen.
Her blog attracted millions of readers.
Chad was eight, and lived in the house behind mister Smith's.
He didn't have enough space to save the game.
The beef at the restaurant had gone bad and Pete didn't notice.
I am retired while my wife works.
Sometime they get a little rambunctious.
They learned how to tie flies.
He is 22 months old.
We were debating about feminism.
She then grimaced and held her hands.
He finished his job at the sonar station and went to his bunk.
She gave an order to a customer.
He was set up in his garage.
He went biking on an old trail.
Her grandfather had just passed away.
When he went to the zoo, he was amazed to see one in real life.
And he was invited to a friend's house for dinner.
He had it towed to the mechanic's, who said the engine had died.
He researched it and decided to have someone help him when he went.
There is a swirl of colors.
She thought they would be good.
One day my brother's and I decided to do more than just eat them.
He ate away at his roommates monthly supply of food.
She befriended Joe, a 99 year old man.
She didn't know anyone and everything felt foreign.
She couldn't decide where to go on vacation!
It is summer vacation and they are all home from school.
They tried to have a baby for 5 years but was unsuccessful.
He bought a calendar to hang on his wall.
He got a pair of wool socks out of his drawer.
But he developed various health problems.
One week later, Perry was involved in a motor vehicle accident.
Toby went over to take a dip.
No one knew what was in the bundle.
She found vendors on Amazon advertising similar items for for less.
He is having a tough time there.
We were on the side of a ditch.
It was about Shelley having insulted Hopkins' culture.
So I spent the night at a friend's house to prepare.
Logan is going to go somewhere special.
The house was really scary.
He was unaware that Amy was allergic to roses.
He saw a wolf in the distance.
His favorite part was the artistry and colors on each page.
They made matching shirts.
It was a daily ritual for him.
Recently the restaurant moved.
I lost it one day.
Her mother encouraged her to try to sell some at the farmer's market.
When she stopped, she saw her clothes were covered in fur!
Water, breath holding, peanut butter - everything!
It was his turn to go up against the champ.
He wants to visit the space museum for his birthday.
She bought a fantastic new bed.
Our neighbor Shelley parked out front.
They had a speaker who was going to talk to them about fire safety.
Matt's yard was flooded.
Upon leaving, a man ran up and tried to grab her purse.
He found out very fast that he didn't like beans or tofu.
When her vision started failing, she had to stop making quilts.
His son was playing on the monkey bars.
I went to Central Park to get some nice pictures.
The colors started getting really bright.
On Monday she and the rest of the team drove to the highway.
She didn't want her boss to find out.
The Smith family was sat at home enjoying the air conditioning.
Her parents wanted a bigger family, and adopted 13 year old Jill.
Gloria didn't follow the diet and exercise plan of her doctor.
She was hunting crocodile.
She wanted to be just like her older sister.
He would sit on a park bench and snap away.
She had some coupons that were expiring.
She was taking her boat out.
The host put on some music.
They went to a therapist to talk through their issues.
He was trying to look for Korean Language Partners.
They read the instructions carefully.
She was hired by a local restaurant.
As a reward for his hard work he was taking a trip to Europe.
The vet said the dog had to be put down.
She learned that she couldn't qualify for even a small home.
She had left a junked car parking in her yard for a week.
We had planned a reunion with our cousin and were very excited.
They usually took a sandwich and some fruit.
The boy looked in his closet for a warm hat.
It had crazy pink hair that she liked to brush.
I tried to make small talk with her.
Her dog didn't want to be washed.
She saw a dollar bill on the ground.
Since then, he has always been scared of cats.
He hard worked really hard and was relaxing on the couch.
He stuck with it until he was an adult and earned his black belt.
She brushed her teeth and made herself breakfast.
He was the star of the school musical.
He noticed his boat was slowly beginning to fill with water.
She wanted a pony for her birthday.
They found a good spot.
One day he submitted a singing video to an internet talent contest.
He prepared a plate of food for his wife.
He had a bandage on his knee and elbow.
There was always something he wanted to buy.
Joey loved snakes, and he wanted to visit the reptile house.
She was starting her new job today!
His plan was to take his son to Disney World.
They watched "Chucky.".
He wanted to win.
They went to the new sushi place in town.
He took his most valuable possessions to the pawn shop.
They went to see a play about mice.
Tina had never been before.
He has always watched comedies and wanted to switch it up.
While he was there one day the owner asked if he would work for him.
She brought it home to be her pet turtle.
Although she was playful, he seemed scared of her.
He went to see an inspirational speaker.
They jumped over the hurdles.
He bought a shiny new hearse.
He decided to stop and get some food.
Her mom enrolled her in the class.
After two days in their home, the pup became seriously ill.
He picked her up and met her 20-year-old daughter and 16-year-old son.
She was insisting that Serena had lied about walking the dog.
It made him think a lot about life and its meaning.
She went in search of a custom.
He kept pawing at his bowl.
She decided to lie on her income taxes.
Charles also fell in love with Dori.
She needed to find a tutor quickly.
His zipper caught his skin.
She had been a good girl all year.
They went down to a local location.
She was waiting for the parade.
After I was told  I wasn't getting on I called my mom and told her.
I was just lucky to be visiting when he was born.
He ran a factory that made widgets.
He was so good that he got offers from agents!
When they met again, they barely recognized each other.
This was their third climb - they'd done Everest and Kilimanjaro.
But he thought his kale might be spoiled.
Dave was nervous.
I decided to walk to the pond and feed the ducks.
My tire went off the edge.
Kelsey was working at a daycare.
He was very worried all day.
The program was preparing him for a college credit exam.
I found an ad for a movie theater checking job.
Jude didn't know how to approach her.
His brother took the balloon from him.
Ken was sad, as he and his grandfather were close.
It was extremely healthy and made of food that was hard to find.
I spent the whole time on the island of Maui.
He cursed it and kicked it and swore to light it on fire.
His friend Matthew approached him and asked about the music.
His friend's parents ordered pizza for the boys.
David stepped up to bat.
She was falling asleep at the wheel!
The milk however, was spoiled.
He thought his company had booked a hotel room.
A man with a monkey called to them and offered to show them tricks.
She did not have the authority to issue actual tickets.
He got home and sat on the couch and turned the game on.
She went to the library.
She was heading to her first job in Japan.
She had the wedding outside.
We took some canoes.
On some days, he would over 20 cupcakes.
I went on and figured out how to find dates.
Sloane jabbed a stick at a crab.
But someone asked her to sign a petition.
She had been in a hurry putting her lunch together.
He went out for a pass.
Nobody knew how well she would do.
She immediately jumped in.
He saw a woman in a white gown walking along the road.
He put a red towel in with the white ones.
All of the sudden she heard a mower right outside.
Norbert had eaten some Greek salad and his teeth were not their best.
He was always too good at guessing.
He was stressed out.
They used marshmallows and extra chocolate.
She did not feel like going to the grocery store.
He put the pie in the oven and went to do other chores.
The next step in becoming a lawyer was to pass the Bar exam.
He carefully built a shelf.
The band's performance called for a solo.
They were involved in a pool game.
They found him lying on the ground.
He charged it with his new charger.
It was our first dinner in the house so we were excited.
She did not think she would win.
She liked not having to get dressed.
She wanted to attended a mixed school.
Susan bought her daughter a gift.
The worst thing was that I procrastinated on the reading as well.
He was constantly coughing and I felt really bad.
Today, my coworker told me he was taking an hour lunch.
She and her son John were taking the bus to Harvard Square.
He got his gear and supplies and went out early in the morning.
They were going to the amusement park!
She went into the water for a swim.
He propped his feet up on the ottoman.
When it was time to share their belongings it was a fight.
The dentist took xrays and gave Bob the bad news, multiple cavities.
I turned on the radio in anticipation for something dreadful.
He laid on the couch all day.
She had taken her granddaughter out to the park for 3 hours.
He didn't build it very well.
He got his favorite magazine in the mail and read it immediately.
Outside, the sun had not yet risen this Christmas Day.
And everything he ate made it worse.
There was a fan blowing on her.
She had finally gotten an engagement ring!
There was a creepy guy watching her.
Goat cheese was her favorite ingredient.
The youngest was born with a heart defect.
He tried to ignore them, but he was really sad.
She could not see that light turn green due to the bright sun.
The sharks were his favorite.
He would break jaws left and right without a conscience to guide him.
They just got all of their wedding photos!
He got an important call on his cell phone.
I wanted to have a fun time laughing on the shore.
After college he applied for jobs at many newspapers.
It seems like she always has a bad ear infection or has just had one.
When he went to the store but they were too expensive.
And impressed by the high amount of calories they ate per day.
They were going to camp!
She was even with this difference a great person in and out.
James then went to the store on Thursday to buy the headphones.
He drank a large pint of beer with his meal.
He polished his nails just to see what they'd look like.
He asked me for help studying but I was busy.
She noticed that there was nothing to eat.
He began acting obnoxiously to the other patrons.
The problem was, Matt was an awful cook!
So she went to get her eyes checked.
They're a dear couple, who spend a lot of time fighting.
Everyone told her that was a bad idea and someone would take it.
They immediately got in line for the new ride.
She found an antique pot that was really cool.
She confronted him about the secret he was keeping.
He studied very hard and worked hard in school.
It was hard to breathe because of the altitude.
He refused to give away an old chair.
He became bored with his current career path.
He had a hard time making friends.
Macy wants to become a cook.
She was meeting a blind date and she had arrived early.
He worked day and night to make quality custom furniture.
She spent an hour making lasagna.
We played for two hours on a Friday night.
After years of trying, she finally got on her favorite game show!
When he went outside, he realized it was very cold.
She sued the driver.
Blake would often buy candies few times a week.
They found a channel of Minecraft videos.
He'd just bet $1000 on a poker hand.
They took me in for an eye exam.
Bill had been drinking pretty heavily when his boat ran out of gas.
But her mom was too poor to buy her one!
They had to rent a moving van for their furniture.
They were all very close and loved each other very much.
He noticed large bugs eating the plants.
She carried the gravy over to the table.
Ping Pong was his favorite.
She was very rude to everyone.
All her clothing was the color red.
His team was up by one run.
During today's test, she just couldn't get it.
My friend asked if she could help.
And it used to make him feel insecure.
She went to school for it.
He spent a few days gathering all the hardware.
She wanted to give her sister cash.
After doing research online, I found a brand I liked.
They were going to be on different teams.
I had to drive around an accident scene.
It gave him a steady part-time income on the weekends.
He finally retired.
He was taking them to the circus!
The settled in to watch a movie.
Today is her first day teaching sixth grade math.
She limped when she walked.
He smelled something bad in the car.
She was scared of a predicted thunderstorm.
She got a topiary for next to her door.
When there she saw Keanu Reeves.
They proposed several plans for raising some money.
She was signing to a deaf classmate.
When asked about the pound putting dogs to sleep she would shrug.
He got so good at it, he could peel a full potatoes in a few seconds.
He enrolled in a pottery class.
She would even skip breakfast if her mother allowed it.
Her favorite song by Bowie was his collaboration with the band Queen.
The camera did not get a good picture of me.
He was getting an award for being the newcomer of the year.
Jack sold one of these books to the bookstore for six dollars.
One day, he doubled his entire life savings at a casino.
He lived on a base.
She was told she had pneumonia.
Everyone loved watching his routine.
They visited every year and couldn't wait for the next one.
It was an Agatha Christie paperback mystery.
Her kids had very busy schedules in the fall!
I let Jonathan sit in the seat by the window.
Ben rode his bike in the opposite direction.
A small cat walked across the street.
But luckily, she had GPS tracking installed!
He tried to go to his desk and read.
Rob thought he hung up.
Her mother was able to teach her rather quickly.
He was on his way home.
It was a 3 state road trip covering CA, WA and OR, she was excited.
My step dad said I should grill next time.
She wanted to spend her thirteenth birthday shopping.
When summer came, there were record-high temperatures.
She saw a cute little frog.
He went in her room.
My friend and I had been battling.
Rob was very nervous.
I asked for apple juice.
She told them that Brad had a huge crush on her.
It was tight in the shoulders.
Her car was in the shop.
He was staying in a hostel to save money.
She saw her shirt was covered in lint.
She was getting ready to perform in front of the judges.
Her friends mocked her.
He knew he could win a prize at the shooting gallery at the carnival.
I worked at the guidance office.
She brought it into the shop.
She then started to polish her nails.
The net was lowered right by the fish.
It was very hot.
They finally relented, and the family went to the local shelter.
He dreamed of exploring a beautiful city with refined culture.
So he went to Annapolis for his first year of college.
She gathered up her dried kernels.
She had been many places around the world.
He found the pace of life extremely slow.
So Shawn worked to get the parts.
He is having a good day.
Nothing could quite compare though to the drought that had come.
I went to a music store.
She loved sushi, so she would start with that.
My boss said I should come to work right the next time.
He was in a secluded area.
He got to school early and asked to copy his friends work.
He thought a commercial would help him get the word out.
She finally found one on clearance.
She doesn't have many friends.
She started eating rice cakes for snacks.
When he went to a family reunion, he was last to finish his meal.
He bought a tank and food.
He decided to go to a game.
My daughter used to pull my chest hair.
But Kate was making him play.
She was adopted but never loved like a child was suppose to.
We filled up the van.
He was going to miss his friends and might not make new ones.
She would burn candles and use room spray.
She joined the Army when she was 18.
She was wearing red contacts that were giving her a headache.
Chips were his favorite.
She wanted to be a ballerina growing up.
His family is in the city and do not drive.
He signed up to join the local fire department.
So she scheduled a date with her friend.
He hung the sign out front.
He had a nice big steak that he was going to cook.
Someone had thrown a rock through his window!
But then she found a stray dog with a hurt leg.
She was entered in one in her hometown.
He jumped up to block the ball but it hit him in the face.
This was unique in that a symphony orchestra was featured.
He would pull out his pipe when he was watching TV.
But he realized someone played a prank on him.
She had switched shifts with a coworker to get an extra day off.
He challenged a new student, Napoleon, to a fencing match.
They are only open at night.
It started earlier than usual - 6 in the morning!
She worked hard all summer.
She was going to cook the cheese in the middle of the burgers.
He was skinny.
Rafa told his friend he was not having a good day.
While some customers were nice, most were downright nasty.
It was over a hundred degrees outside!
He took a big bite out of a candy bar.
He decided to register her in a soccer league.
After today there is no more work or school.
They finally decided to get engaged.
The vicar held a fair to raise money to fix it.
Then, she made dinner.
He wrapped up in a fluffy towel.
She decided to shop for clothes she liked and not care about the size.
She was leaning down to grab a box when she felt something painful.
Raya was young and inexperienced, but not stupid.
He was mesmerized by her beauty and had to know who she was.
He knew that spring came quick and wanted to be prepared.
No matter what she did she couldn't figure it out.
They all dressed up in togas.
It was a drone!
He didn't have much time, so he churned one out quickly.
Her parents were huge fans of the King.
They planted some trees in front as a finishing touch.
It was great, except for the creepy basement.
They drove to see the swamp.
He left it out on my porch.
She didn't want to re-sod the lawn, but there were many bare spots.
She seems to always want to be on it.
They argued easily and over practically anything.
He bought a new scale for his home.
It had funny writing and hilarious characters.
Timmy was very active and ran around a lot.
When he saw a documentary about animal cruelty, he was decided.
He tried to surprise me by ordering a special soup.
They visited many historical landmarks like the Tower of London.
The dog got sick when he was watching it.
Although he was only caught for speeding, the officer attacked him.
She sat down at her desk and pulled out her notebook and pen.
He bought some new sheets.
Therefore, Randy studied for the entire week during the test.
The company began selling a new ship.
Out of nowhere,  a van pulled up beside her.
She auditions.
The twins were very loud and hyper.
He planted lots of cucumbers.
One day at Walgreen's she bought a microwave bacon maker on sale.
He has been looking for a tenure track job since.
On her eighteenth birthday she went for a treat.
I was panicked when I saw what time it was.
One day he was robbed by a thief on his usual route.
The mom put it in a frame on the wall.
One cat in particular shed a lot.
It damaged the bird's wing.
We have various tropical trees in our yard.
He is having the time of his life.
He was on a convoy in the desert, when they hit a mine.
Today, they had an interview with a Presidential Candidate.
Tim recently moved back home with his parents.
Susie's mom told her no.
She took many gymnastics lessons and classes as a child.
She did not want to wait until Monday to get it.
There were no projects going on and nothing to do.
The rain started pouring from the sky.
He put a huge steak on it.
He was still a few days before payday.
His thoughts were he was going to ride it to work to lose weight.
She grew to become a conceited person based on her academical prowess.
He was old enough to ride his bike to school this year.
He attended the same air force school that his father graduated.
His boss promised a promotion upon completion of work.
Although I had a crush on her, I try to act mean.
Harry used the credit card for his own payments.
And I felt like eating sushi.
She took out the wallet owners drivers license.
He fell off one day and skinned his knees.
Her little sister wanted to tag along with Jade.
She decided to sell some of her toys.
So he never needed to use a calculator.
I told him my stroke affected my ability to enjoy eating.
He charged me the full price for several items that were on sale.
She opened it and immediately disliked the ugly sweater.
They promoted me to manager.
He decided to go to one of the buffets.
I was so nervous I couldn't sleep the night before my first class.
He had been tracking his package all day.
He did not want to drive there.
But he found a store near his house that refilled water.
He said bye to all his friends.
I took my cell phone with me.
She made a lot of advertisements on campus.
She decided to eat her soup in her recliner.
But they got the gift card.
She told me she wasn't going to have lunch, though.
His friends would tease him about his hair.
So he started to steal.
He thought he could easily afford a $200 monthly payment.
Instead, he went to the store and bought whatever he felt like.
His boss entered and handed him an award.
They are a young couple.
At the store, I saw that some pianos cost as much as my car!
Her new class will not have any of her old friends.
He packed all his supplies into the truck.
It is very different than elementary school.
One day she got an idea to create her own garden.
She branched into making art from old music sheets and book covers.
As he was sunbathing, he noticed something in the water.
One day it was 114 degrees outside.
She came over to sit down and seemed forward.
They gave a sense of pride and joy for helping them.
The first day of spring, they went to the park which was open now.
I was shouting.
She suspected her roommate was stealing her food.
She wasn't getting any customers.
He was already late to work but he was outpatient.
I initially thought that it was more than enough to buy supplies.
Jaden's mom decided that she would skip it this year.
She bought a new tent.
He played the guitar.
It was a present from her boyfriend!
She put a big bandaid on it.
It was making a nest!
He made hit after hit.
She was showing him some of her favorite songs on the guitar.
There was a notification that said I had sold three products.
It was a job he was very passionate about.
He learned that one of his favorite comics was being adapted to film.
But her hands weren't clean while she was handling the dough.
She wanted to get an easy bake oven.
When he got there he saw that the house was on fire.
He was the ideal student to have and many of his teachers agreed.
They are riding on the family boat.
We went up to the mountains to ski.
He loved anime and video games, but never really talked to people.
I had to suppress my terrible fear of heights.
Her parents loved Judith's southern accent.
She tried candlesticks and flowers but didn't like how they looked.
The next day Nancy went shopping for a new vehicle.
Candles made her house feel cozy.
Her mother decided to take her to the doctor to make sure she was ok.
Ron tackled one of his friends.
He was doing well, but so was she.
Today was the day of the results.
All the items in the freezer had defrosted.
She woke up suddenly and was drenched in sweat.
However it was one hundred dollars.
Halfway through the day it started to rain.
Her mom had told her about mistletoe, and Lina had created a plan.
Whenever he played card games he always lost.
He went to a fast food place and ordered a burger.
My newest requirement is for a Scharnhorst class battleship.
I couldn't sleep for the rest of the night.
One day while cleaning out the closet she found a cat costume.
He tried pumping air in the tire.
He thought that love was only for the luckiest of people.
Each player got to pick their own jersey number.
He walked through a dusty field.
I got out of school for the funeral.
He needed three fluffy pillows at each time.
Her daughter found a litter of kittens abandoned in a barn.
He went to see a guru near him.
She was disappointed and glum.
Eric disagreed and challenged Scott to a game.
We went there to do the mile run.
Their mom gave them a plate of cheese.
He won the jackpot and became an instant multimillionaire.
She would learn through the years how to ice skate.
Then she realized she was out of butter.
She adopted a sweet puppy.
One day when he looked in his yellow folder, it was missing.
The staff took photos.
She couldn't find it.
There was an older guy who gave me rides home from school.
He would win the school's local spelling bee's with ease and grace.
Her act was to sing and play the piano.
Immediately, the plumbing started leaking.
The road was caked in a thick layer of fog.
They had planned to adopt locally but Li's situation was dire.
He first fed his favorite chicken Betty.
They went to a park that had lots of caves.
The other children at her school made fun of her because she was slow.
He agreed that he understood.
A high-profile politician was caught taking bribes.
There were a lot of rides to ride.
Shawn wanders in the woods.
She bought three new books last week.
Suddenly another kid toddled over and hit him.
The principal made an announcement about lunch.
She didn't have an umbrella but also couldn't drive!
Her arm swelled up and turned red.
He would leave huge piles of clothing on his floor.
They spent a lot of time preparing and picking what to wear.
All his friend relied on him for tech help.
When he got an aneurysm, his friends thought he wouldn't play anymore.
There was a new Thai restaurant opening up in town.
She went to the doctor, who gave her some surprising news.
They were leaving for a two week vacation.
She actually dreamed to be part of one.
She walked to the school for her first day.
He is starting preschool soon.
When the band started to play, a mosh pit formed in the center.
They were inviting a small amount of people to compete.
The boom made the whole house shake!
I had tried to snatch it out of her hand.
Chet's team came out in first place in the league.
Her friend Kim offered her a place to stay.
I am am actually really excited.
He needed one hundred dollars to enter the big tournament.
They often watched them together.
He bought a new pair of sneakers for the race.
There were plenty of hot dogs.
She pulled out her couch and discovered ten bones!
She had all her friends bring a dish.
She had a big, beautiful orchid.
Her boyfriend brought her a corsage.
His parents signed him up for baseball.
He did not do good in algebra I.
He looked all over the house.
Rita decided to give her a rose bush for Mother's Day.
His bear was big and gnarly.
He made humorous t shirts that sold well.
She was told there was no room for any new singers.
We were playing flashlight tag.
But he hated letting down others.
I have a disease called Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy and it's cruel.
He studies semis and can tell you all about them.
He felt a pull on his line.
He aimed for the target.
And people told him that he was wasting his time.
For some reason, his house smelled really bad!
I always set out my Charlie Brown Christmas set.
Clay was their favorite medium.
None of them were good at it but they still had fun.
He spent hours perfecting his technique.
When she brought the shirt home, she found a hole in it.
He was playing his first gig at a park.
John introduced his girlfriend to his friend Joe.
She counted each calorie she ate.
She invited thirty of both their closes friends and family.
While opening the sleeve, he noticed it was scratched.
His mom decided to get him a pet.
She was very annoyed.
Alec and Ron faced off.
He was putting his old house up for sale.
I finally had enough and decided to schedule the surgery to fix it.
He gets to spend time indoors on rainy days.
They divided into two teams.
But she noticed that she was gaining weight.
Dinnertime was approaching and Kenneth didn't have plans.
There was a burglar in her house!
He touched something hot and burned his arm.
His friend had ordered an appetizer.
Cay caught a big sturgeon.
All the close parking spots were taken.
He was building a shelf.
He found out the more economical tickets were sold out.
Her parents discouraged her.
She found a big wad of it in her carpet.
They had a fancy new tour bus.
They all told ghost stories after lights-out.
The volleyball game had come down to the wire.
His mom liked for him to have playdates.
She got one that had a great fortune!
She had a wonderful summer this year.
He walked to the copier to make a copy.
She was eating delicious shrimp and carrots.
He went to a doctor to talk about it.
Jon brought it to the science fair and set up a booth for all to see.
She enjoyed collecting tiny insects for her collection.
There was a security guard talking to me.
As I was withdrawing money a man came up to me.
But they did not think it was that hard!
We got couples massages and just relaxed all weekend.
She saw a monkey swinging through the trees.
One day he noticed it had started to peel.
As they watched, Andy said he wanted to be an astronaut.
She decided to try doing stand up at a local open mic.
She realized she didn't have enough eggs.
But it started to rain.
Ryan auditioned for a play.
The device shook the ground every hour.
He spoke too fast since the chapter was extremely long.
His old one is junk.
They all really wanted to go.
Kim wasn't an artist, but thought she could fool them.
He went to Texas to find himself.
Practice was hard but worth it.
I was able to pay someone else instead.
She got her dinner and devoured it.
They rudely played loud music for hours on end.
His auntie is coming to babysit.
He mentioned the supplies we needed, including a math software.
Although she wasn't at fault, she had to pay several expenses.
They'd had a rivalry for years.
As she knew it bothered her mom, she stopped to buy her flowers.
But it was too hot to turn on his oven.
One morning the mine collapsed.
She would adventure all around the house, exploring every crook.
He stopped at a gas station and bought a soda.
The man drew a weapon and demanded money from the clerk.
She needed a C on the final exam to pass the class.
He looked into the ocean and saw many fins.
Everything was covered in dust.
He stayed up all night and studied very hard.
He was making a cheeseburger for a customer.
Math was too hard for him!
They decided to go see a movie.
My parents finally gave in.
Gabe was the youngest one in the group.
She organized a search party.
They would come up to see us sometimes.
She bought some shorts.
The tube slide was his favorite!
One day, the cat sneaked outside when nobody was looking.
We were swinging as high as we could and then jumping off.
There was a lot of traffic in front of her.
The school had changed my dorm lock.
He bought a cheese slicer for a party he was hosting.
She was the only one on the team not to make a basket.
She would get upset when it would rain and she couldn't walk.
A passerby saw the whole thing.
He said they could have a potluck.
She packed three boxes full of her belongings and taped them close.
The poster was covered with pins and labels.
Then her sister begged her to take in a foster cat.
His team made it to the state finals.
She signed up for the elective class her school offered.
At the parking office, I took my parking permit in with me.
He could make the wildest horse very calm.
And one joked that he should sell his food.
They were friends through a message board.
A hundred people ended up showing up!
She wasn't sure.
Soon, a bird moved in!
All of a sudden he felt a sharp sting.
She saw an unlabeled package of powder that looked like cocoa.
He went on the highway hoping to go very fast.
So he decided to cook something.
She missed her companionship and felt too old to make new friends.
We drove to the mountains for the weekend.
But she decided to take a break.
She would pretend to be a model walking the catwalk while growing up.
The parade would be by any moment!
Her daughter took her to the eye doctor.
His mom started to pack sandwiches for lunch for him.
Her parents promised to take her this summer.
There were cats that lived there.
It was dark and cold.
John hit someone with his car.
She was hosting Thanksgiving for all her family.
She noticed a horse grazing on grass.
He didn't do very well for the first exam due to anxiety issues.
First, I picked up things off the floor.
She wasn't sure who to give a raise to, so she started evaluating.
Lindsay told her mother that her daughter needed new school clothes.
It was her very first job.
She reported it to her insurance and put her car in the shop.
He was complaining about work while talking to his mom.
The tv viewers were really interested in it.
The work was hard and grueling.
We had not seen them since June.
She would often wander around it alone at night.
She got a motorized scooter to shop at the grocery store.
She hoped to make the national team.
He threw it into the trash can when he was walking into class.
Shelia was not excited about it.
She tried to quit cold turkey but kept running out to buy cigarettes.
It was a busy lunch hour and there were many customers.
His brother knew they were hiring at the shop he worked at.
He felt like they were in love.
She was going to be the flower girl in a wedding.
Ron ran through a stop sign.
It ended up being pretty hard.
He built a planter.
He had worn them all through eighth grade.
She noticed that she had something in her mouth.
But Jon liked his life exactly the way it was.
She wanted waves for her school photo.
Despite this Alice was always welcoming to other's differences.
Many shingles got blown off of her roof.
They grew well, but then looked mowed down one morning.
He was making good time but wanted to run a bit longer.
She wanted the color pink.
So he decided to drink at the bar.
He's a sixteen year old boy who is part of the youth group I lead.
He stayed in the bathroom drawing all over the walls.
A pretty purple package caught her eye.
She sleeps with her night light on.
She wanted to get a warm pair of cargo pants.
He bought a grill for his new backyard.
He decided to get a new hobby and bought a metal detector.
He watched a deer through the scope of his rifle and saw something.
His parents wanted him to go to preschool.
She checked the weather and saw it was sunny.
It required a lot of outside work.
He was dropping fries into the deep fat fryer.
Joe is an eccentric person.
One day, she was approached at lunch by someone she'd never met before.
Towards the end there was a steep incline.
He developed a plan to include more fruits and vegetables in his diet.
He tried to go over an apologize.
The food was too expensive for her, however.
He looked at the view all around him.
He had visited it since he was a kid and wanted to memorialize it.
She was wrapped up in a furry blanket.
Her friend told her to try a detox.
She had an abrasive personality that scared people.
Kate liked to exercise and was very active.
I got a new dental hygienist.
She was worried about making a bad grade so studied all night.
One day I dropped off a book and took one.
After stretching, he looked at his clock and saw he was late for work!
She spread a beach towel out on the chair.
Her daughter wasn't with her.
Tim wanted to see the monkeys first.
He bought a new tackle box to hold his supplies.
A truck was driving toward her.
He was rather short and small for his size.
First she wrapped them.
He had just painted one of the rooms in his house.
It was a homemade puzzle he cut himself.
Her parents always made sure she was there on time.
Except she didn't want to.
It was for people who were homeless.
She bought it on Monday.
One morning he was sitting there when a yellow finch flew by.
They were getting ready to race!
I've never experienced a twister.
He went to a famous candy store when he was in New York.
The slide was her favorite thing to ride.
Her forearm got a bad burn.
John spent all his spare time writing a novel.
He was a good bull rider, but the other cowboys made fun of his name.
Her new couch would be delivered today!
This had an immediate effect on me.
They went down to the creek to fish.
On her way she passes a busy street.
She looked everywhere and still could not find them!
She was 25, and married.
He tackled him with all of his might.
At first I thought it was too good to be true but it all worked out.
It was made out of glue and Borax.
The neighbors came and said there was too much noise.
They came from Russia.
She piled blankets on top of herself.
I am a little nervous for him to go.
She was a loner, naturally and didn't seem to care at all.
Monica loved the sneakers, and started wearing them immediately.
He noticed a man on top of a ledge of a building.
She changes her mind often.
It was a long day.
She had won free concert tickets to her favorite music artist.
She read the book as she walked back to her house.
He had a nice clean uniform.
They saw some ducks swimming through the water.
He was married to a very fat woman in the USA.
The teachers broke up the fight.
He was tired and feeling lonely.
The amount he earned was $1000 dollars.
Because his family was poor they could not get Max the bike.
One day I was driving to work on the highway in my truck.
We took the train there.
He was tired of walking.
She discovered she had no pasta noodles.
He wanted to sell mustache combs at a kiosk at the mall.
He practiced every day.
The family decided to buy a birthday cake for him.
Their prize was a new mountain bike.
And he knew that people secretly made fun of him at school.
One day she realized it had become discolored.
She needed to have a monster that was truly terrifying.
He drove out to the construction site one weekend.
And he had a hard time finding a job for someone his age.
A young child gave a Ladoo, a sweet, to an old woman.
She wrote detailed plans for each month.
They went out together and chose a tree to hang it from.
He tries to stand up to his bully.
She wanted to discuss epistemology with like minded folks online.
We started looking for new houses in March.
It was her fourth.
She has been in daycare for a year.
He drove there and parked near by.
It was sleek, shiny, and very fast.
She broke up with him since she had feelings for another man.
They had gotten back together.
I was nervous asking her out.
Growing up, she would often visit him at the fire station.
She tried to nail a great play.
He wanted to start his own church.
The stresses of her job kept her feeling tired and anxious.
After finding a better music service, I tried to transfer over files.
Her old was is constantly breaking down.
Her cousin said she had a psychic feeling about this.
He and his wife are hoarders.
His son hated the story.
He was frightened at every bump and scream, he ran away from it all.
She added ketchup from the boardwalk stand before handing it to him.
Today my son dropped by to say hello.
His customers believed that only Donald could solve their problems.
They built tracks and bridges.
Her dog tried to rest on me.
She was very nervous.
Her parents took her Saturday.
She had a curfew of 11pm on school nights, no excuses.
I am afraid I may lose them if I do not.
She took an Uber to her favorite vegan cafe.
But he was too slow and too little to play.
She said I could either have new shoes or a lamp.
It was Greek yogurt with candy mixed in.
His dad did not want him to.
His bat was brand new.
Their pet dog had gotten sick and died.
His books were all loaded into the moving truck.
Both of us had a good time.
A car approached him from the other side.
His short term memory has been failing him.
My friends wanted me to share it.
My friend has a summer home there.
She learned how to play guitar.
The only issue was he was very fat and he could barely run.
He stood in the middle of his team.
She was awarded the second lead role!
The dog did its business in the grass in the park.
Every chance she got, she rode her horse Brownie.
The battery in his remote started to die down.
She was nervous.
She studied very hard for four years to get her degree.
He dared Anna to do the ice bucket challenge.
Her husband had been drinking a lot lately.
John got a job in construction for the Summer.
Once while on a dig Daniel found a large stone ring.
She didn't want to go to bed.
Staring at this yellow haired girl.
He found a local dojo to attend.
Her favorite part of class was being called out to demonstrate a move.
She watched a lot of Spanish TV after school to learn the language.
She invited her best friend Carol to come along.
All the sudden Allie laughed so hard.
Her best friend Peter wanted to go swimming instead.
My co-workers threw a little mini good luck party for me.
He took a large blade and climbed the tree.
He played the same numbers for several years.
There was sand when he moved there.
And he really needed something to drink.
She had never been off the diving board, however.
He looked out his window and the sun was shining.
Fall was her favorite!
They had just lost their game.
She needed to use the restroom.
He didn't want to have to pay for snacks at the movie.
She went to the library to research other options.
But while digging, she found a non-metallic treasure.
Britney's favorite exhibit was the dinosaur room.
My mother said if I finished my chores, she would drop me off.
She tried to talk to them but they were obnoxious.
He had a collection of them and wanted to make each one work.
She really wanted a special edition of her favorite movie.
He was feeling very nervous when he walked in, but everyone was nice.
Unfortunately, she told him about his cancer relapse.
The only common thing they liked to view was horror.
The house was bordered by woods.
He had to speak to an investigator.
Luckily, I got the car's registration plate before they drove off.
He stayed at this friend's house.
He realized he missed work because of a bad hangover.
She signed up for karate lessons.
A bomb had exploded in the city's center.
Someone drove straight into the side of Jake's car.
One day, their tv broke!
But to his dismay, it rained that day!
The site usually lets me declare a small package.
Afterwards, we went back to their house.
He accepted when another woman asked to dance with him.
She really wanted to see the penguins before they left.
One night she began coughing in her sleep.
She got her camera and headed out the door.
He got into the car.
They joined the garden club at school.
I saw some beady red eyes looking out at me.
It had shrimp in it.
He was going to have a dinner party.
He talks to the concierges a lot.
But when her mom died she started praying a lot.
He started seeing a lot of roaches in his new apartment.
He was walking down the hallway when he noticed someone running.
She would sing songs and write stories about it.
He really liked the look of a designed paneling.
It was time for lunch!
He got a job as a professional fisherman.
He enjoyed serving people who wanted a cool drink.
They gave birth to a baby boy with blue eyes much to their surprise.
Nothing was quite right though.
My niece grabbed her smartphone.
She found beautiful plates at the store.
The woman in front of her was having a lot of samples.
Robin didn't want to listen to Ted's stories.
He brought the dog to the vet.
I was driving home right in the middle of it.
A man was stranded on the side of the road with car troubles.
It gave her computer a virus.
She was from Albania.
She thought it was a sprain.
She was not above stealing a few items if necessary.
I asked him what he was laughing about.
She was kind of nervous.
So normally he takes his dog for a walk everyday.
They went off road trucking.
Zeke fell down and hurt his elbow.
He had a tube inserted when he was unable to urinate in 2014.
It began to rain.
They loved looking at all of the animals.
He told the clerk he was too old for them.
It was day surgery.
He often stared at bugs and insects under a magnifying glass.
He was running late from work one day.
He had never flown before and was nervous all the way to the airport.
She decided to take a cruise to the Caribbean.
One of his favorite teachers was mister Haynes, the science teacher.
She couldn't stop thinking about how cold she was.
She would always find yard work for him to do, even on weekends.
So I told my friends I would meet them up later.
She bought a loom and started to weave things.
He was only a few hours away from his big interview.
She was very intelligent and had always been pretty well behaved.
He was walking to his next terminal as he ate a slice of pizza.
Although it was a speed game, the match got into the end game.
She picked out the biggest horse at the stable.
Brenda scored a three strikes!
One year it snowed 4 inches!
Jimmy needed a new computer so he ordered one online.
He took his team to the final four.
However, he wasn't old enough to enter.
While ordering dirt to be delivered he mixed up the amounts he wanted.
He got a lift to the car dealership.
He walked the neighbor lady's dog Shadow one day.
I warned her that bad weather was coming.
Since then it's been a really interesting journey of self-discovery.
On a day off I took a step that forever changed the course of my life.
However, her favorite perfume was way too expensive.
Their plane was having mechanical issues.
They walked down to the lake in the warm humid night.
One day the street was completely submerged in water.
Jenna fainted, and fell to the floor.
He saw a new puppy there waiting for him.
The judges had a hard task of deciding who was best.
Today was her first day of science class.
He thought it would be fun.
This made her eligible to vote for the first time.
His wife yelled at him a lot.
Harry played several activities with his classmates.
She got some chickens.
She works at their pool.
Clem started sending her inappropriate Facebook messages daily.
One day his trainer decided to let him out of his cage.
They said that they need workers to work in a warehouse.
He'd broken a molar.
To play a joke on him, they got him a black assistant.
She went to the shelter and found the perfect dog.
The next step required one cup of sugar.
He was friendly and only ate honey and some fish from the stream.
There was a monkey dribbling a basketball.
She ordered her usual iced latte from the barista.
She rolled back and forth in bed in discomfort.
He dragged bags of mulch into the back yard.
We were at the swimming pool.
She wanted one, but couldn't afford it.
This week I got to 1400.
They dated for 3 years and then got married.
He started looking for apartments.
At this party, I wanted the theme to be board games.
The rabbit was very fast.
He tried to run to the other side of the block.
She was awaiting the arrival of her owner.
He was going very fast.
Terry didn't properly bend when lifting.
They were going to attack his big sister and her friends with them.
It had very specific details for someone seeking casual sex.
I went to a park with a friend.
Her mother took some time to show her the ropes.
She was last seen taking a walk in the park that evening.
She studies day and night.
She was on the phone talking with her friend.
He was putting off fixing the windshield.
She was having a great time.
It was cool to see the ball coming out of nowhere.
He was celebrating his daughter's graduation.
Bailey and her friends were inside.
She has never been before.
She was very lonely until her nurse came in to see her everyday.
She looked everywhere in her apartment.
The scratched up the wood floors and the furniture.
On their way home, fire trucks passed them.
They stopped at the snow cone stand.
I had a stroke in 2011 and could not walk well.
It was her first time away at a friend's house.
When we would go to the lawn, a hummingbird would come up to her.
They decided to walk to the gas station to get a candy bar.
The cop told him he was speeding.
He wanted to take archery classes but the group was full.
He was a little too cocky.
She then noticed some shadow at the door.
Although he was good at it he hated it.
He mentioned he had cellulitis in his foot.
He has never lost a race.
He goes on the big roller coaster.
It was closed.
Even though she wasn't a favorite we were so proud of her.
I had landed on my head.
The tattoo artist did a phenomenal job.
One day their PlayStation stopped working.
She knows exactly what she had done to me and feels no pain.
He took the balloon for a walk.
Yesterday her girlfriends took her to a casino.
During practice, he ran for the ball and was trampled.
It was a Ford Contour.
Everyone loved him, and he was revered by lower classmen.
She was afraid at first.
He stepped up to the diving board to execute a dive.
They renewed their passports.
He noticed an old dirty shed in the corner of the yard.
She had gone through all the classes and done well.
He won many awards playing tennis for clubs and at his school.
They decided to explore a nearby park.
When his camera needed repairs, he asked to borrow a friend's camera.
She read seven books in three days.
She was shopping for groceries and only had a few items.
Her parents fought with her to.
Susie would not get out of her seat to move though.
Ted's boss was not the kindest man around the block.
When he got in, she said I could do much better in French.
He claimed to be checking the cables for organization and damages.
She was very happy.
When she went to the coffee shop, she asked for something new.
Ned's brother dropped the game on the floor.
He turned on his radio station and listened to the radio host.
But Mark was secretly having an affair with her best friend.
It was autographed by her favorite author.
They said he needed a vaccination.
He said he always checks the water filters.
He took out his power cord and plugged it in.
He used to sing every night at the local bar.
Anna landed hard, on her shoulder and arm.
The dealership wasn't offering her a lot for her old car.
He drank seven beers and three shots in two hours.
She spent all of her money collecting more cards.
No one had told Ryan what the tongue was.
He took a flashlight down there to help him see.
She purchased her cards and carefully laid out all her lucky trinkets.
The house had a huge history and it meant a lot to James.
She has been staying up watching the Olympics.
Everyone else in his family had theirs already.
My wife was looking for a drink to try tonight.
Sally was already waiting with the dollar that her mother gave her.
That way he could never lock his keys inside it accidentally.
They convinced their mom to take them to get tacos.
They were told to make it home by the time the street light came on.
He noticed that he was very nervous and agitated throughout the day.
He went for a space walk to make a repair.
He noticed a lot of bugs on the leaves.
He asked his friends what they thought he should do.
She had an apron that she kept in her pantry.
They all walked down to the local creek.
Cindy was considering divorce, but it was against her religion.
She was very lonely since her husband died.
After class, he went to the bookstore to purchase his textbooks.
She loved doing it.
She was getting her dress fit one day.
She wore it over a decade and still could not move on, she was lost.
And he was excited to ride the roller coaster with a wooden track.
It would occasionally stop to peck at a bug.
A few moments later he comes back to the table and calls my name.
A woman was in the store with a small child.
But she ended up hating boot camp.
When she realized she didn't have celery  for her stew, she froze.
His teammate served it to him.
Her children all lived out of town.
She just wanted to sit by the edge of the pool.
He was s free agent from college.
The dog refused to budge.
It was getting to be very old.
Whenever I would eat sweets the pain would get unbearable.
Since she was discouraged, she decided to quit school for a while.
Bobby threw the ball way over Dean's head.
And he carried pepper spray with him.
She had inherited her grandmother old sewing machine.
He drove his car to a bar and spent time with friends.
Her family did not approve at first.
She had a big net and caught a big frog.
She was digging slightly to till the ground.
Jane became scared since she thought someone was dangerous.
She bought all the items needed for s'mores.
Shawn starts feeling sick.
They played Pictionary.
John trained hard at the gym all Summer.
He went with his date to the movies.
But she noticed she was gaining a lot of weight.
She was very nervous.
He bought a new fishing pole.
He had no money however.
He subscribed to the daily newspaper.
She saw a snake slither past her feet!
He tried living the best life he could, although at times he was sad.
She feared it was all of the electronics they were always on.
She was a beautiful bride.
One day he brought home 24 raw oysters.
It was dark and they were scary.
The monitor flickered and then a blue screen appeared.
The doctor could not pop it back into place.
She was visiting his house for the first time.
She liked everything to be just right.
She wanted to catch up on her favorite show.
The dog food he had been giving him was tainted!
He went to the planetarium and saw a show.
The man behind the counter bagged him a dozen.
All of a sudden, his dog pulled on the leash.
Some of them wanted to go to a beach.
Everyday after school he would do many math problems.
When he picked it up, the screen was blank.
They were both three years old.
One day I turned the music on and let it play in the background.
The diving board seemed a lot higher than she thought.
He works a lot.
Suddenly, his entire house began shaking one day.
She had been searching but couldn't find the right one.
A hurricane warning was posted for Jared's area.
They walked up and down the neighborhood.
He's mildly religious, so his talk was not to do it God hates it.
It was a lot of work but she did not want to buy it in a jar.
Having always loved the beach, I got a job overlooking the water.
Because of that her grades started to suffer.
They had left a key in the lock inside.
When he returned, he noticed a strange smell in his room.
She wasn't sure if she'd get the time off from work so she was upset.
When her state had an outbreak she started to consider the shot.
He started doing dozens of crunches every day.
He needed a new suitcase.
She was hesitant to dry clean it.
She had scheduled a picture shoot for a couple.
The dog chased after the fox.
Her brother had agreed to drop her off but he hadn't shown up.
It seems like I crave the milky goodness from the moment I wake.
She hoped she could educate her family about her lifestyle.
Cody became frustrated with his work and his employer.
Swimming was his best sport.
She put on her clothes and shoes then out the door she went.
He would read one book every day.
He used to own two dogs.
While he was playing he accidentally spilled his drink on it.
Blaine needs extra cash.
But the first step in driving was learning to drive.
They told me about a website called Spotify.
When he was a boy he always said he would be a racecar driver.
She ended up being one of the best out of everyone who tried out.
Having retired from her day job, she planned to do so.
He was a manager who did not get along with his staff.
It was rather gross.
They sprayed it all over the hose.
She had to pee badly.
While snorkeling, she got stung by several jellyfish.
He was assigned to the fry station.
Her vacation was coming to an end.
And he hated his job.
You had to try to guess who the killer was.
It dropped out his pocket and landed on the sidewalk.
This went on for a couple weeks.
He decided that he would enter a tournament for Tekken.
I accepted his friend request on Facebook, thinking nothing of it.
She went to a new museum to learn about history.
He said that Steve was getting an award.
He had walked about a mile when it started to rain.
The sun was bright and the water crystal blue.
So he decided to watch lecture videos about it.
My wife fried up two ham steaks.
She bought a lamp to brighten it up.
She felt an intense pain in her back.
Unfortunately, he couldn't carry a tune in a bucket.
When she left the store, she realized she hadn't paid for the garlic.
He was sweaty and exhausted.
But I realized that I didn't have my house keys.
They saw a bunch of trash laying in the gutter.
He was going to his first NFL game!
This meant a lot for him so he barely got any sleep that week.
They bought a giant bucket of popcorn.
A new buffet had opened up down the street from their home.
She believed that she could do either role better than the other kids.
His mom gave him a bath.
After bringing it home, he found it out that it was too big.
They got a fancy new car.
He entire house was a mess.
She was told to save some for later.
So he went to the store and bought a bag of dark chocolate.
Lately she tired of this hobby.
She hated to dance.
Nick has a dog and Cara also had one.
It was Halloween and they were looking for candy.
She practically chews it all of the time.
He particularly hated quantities that summed to 13.
They talked about it agreeing to blame the parrot.
She noticed a fish fry being held at the park.
He ordered a pizza.
She noticed that he started to break out in a small rash.
She really wanted to go.
Their mom told them to stop yelling at each other.
It began to give him trouble.
I placed my card inside of the machine.
She was having a great time!
He was a clown and helped the riders escape the bulls.
When their sofa arrived, it wouldn't fit!
He found a beautiful tea pot.
They went to the aquarium to see the sharks.
The concert had been sold out for weeks.
I did not know what was going to happen.
He was very excited.
They hired a psychic for their girls night.
It was hard to score points since most of my shots were bad.
She always had a candle lit next to her.
She bought some roller skates and skated around.
He went to the store to get water.
She hired a personal trainer to try and get in better shape.
He wore the new pants to school.
Tyrod is battling in war.
She took up knitting.
The toilet was leaking.
One day, he met a young boy named Russell.
They got in a huge fight on Christmas.
Unfortunately, fifteen printers were added within three months.
But as the months went on he became more and more nervous.
My daughter is a little nervous.
They pulled some seaweed out and threw it at each other.
He didn't have service for half of the last two months.
He was sending over some books.
She kept having the same nightmare.
A man came up and asked her how much.
I got drunk one evening with my tattoo artist brother-in-law.
She hated having to take the stairs everyday.
He decided to make a stew.
She bought a huge, beautiful rug for under the table.
She panicked and threw a brush at it.
The child was drinking from everyone's bottle.
She practiced every day of the week.
He had court in the morning.
She hadn't changed the oil in almost a year.
She was very excited.
So he went to the store and bought one.
She loved her students and enjoyed encouraging them to do their best.
There was a pickup point on his street called station one.
And at first, he thought driving would be a lot of fun.
Clark knew he wanted to be sharp.
It was her first year of having a job and it was confusing!
And it inspired him to modify his own car.
However some ants got to the sandwiches.
SHe knew he needed a better fishing pole.
One day he was offered a job at a radio station.
They were noisy and disturbed her every day.
There is a Dental School in my town, with student practitioners.
She had never played paintball before.
Tim took a seat in the cafeteria and reached into his lunchbox.
He bought a new plant last week.
He would prepare lavish dishes with the rarest of ingredients.
He was funny and caring.
He grabbed a ladder and climbed up to investigate.
She had a figurine that was very special to her.
He met a woman on tinder and arranged a date.
He had too many things in his house.
She bought a new leotard for the occasion.
He rented a great tux to wear.
She was tired of the staple foods at the house.
She was dusting and it was irritating her allergies.
When I got there, it was too hot so I turned around.
His customer wanted him to give her a perm.
He bought a DVD and followed it for a few days.
The zipper broke on the first dress she tried on.
Her parents forbid her from going.
Every year she hand-made her Halloween costume.
I told him it's because he's always there for me.
On their sixth anniversary Josh bought her a wedding ring.
So little by little, he began dropping them.
I didn't have enough money for spaghetti.
He doesn't like it but he needs the money.
Betty went to the vet to get medicine.
She had practiced a lot.
I told her that I wanted a hamburger with french fries.
She thought she could make it herself for much cheaper.
She got a lot of it for her birthday as well.
He told work friends that his son had batted 1000 the prior season.
Then he went to sleep - later than usual.
They had planned the rafting trip for months.
Even her large quilt wasn't keeping her warm.
The referee handed Billy the ball.
Mrs Cellar went out and bought some mini ladders for upstairs.
It recently ended when the man's wife found out.
Her friends always tried to introduce her to new people.
I went outside and read for an hour on the bench.
He researched his project all week.
She needed her nails done.
We drove around all night.
She enjoyed reporting on daily school activities.
I decided I would try to bake some brownies.
She was telling him what to buy at the grocery store.
Marion was working when two men came in.
He told a scary story around the fire.
I made many friends I never saw in person.
He was in charge of renovating a condo.
Everyone liked misses Frizzle and wanted her class.
Jeffrey brother followed him everywhere.
She saved all of her allowance money to buy one.
He was looking for the perfect engagement ring.
We tried getting estimates but it was expensive.
It was a man being chased by the police!
I went swimming and the water was warm.
She decided she needed to face her fears so that she could go.
Joe went to his friend's to work on the yard.
This year they had a new bocce ball set.
He was bad at science and thought he would fail.
She had one show she really liked.
She was hosting a dinner party and wanted her table to look great.
The lights outside were too bright.
Some of her plants got trampled by her dog.
It was their honeymoon.
Not only did I lose my cell phone and my ID, but I spent $100.
After years of dreaming he finally signed up for lessons.
Jen had a party to go that night.
He decided to make a video in which he sang about his plumbing skill.
He won gold medals left and right.
His dog had just passed away and he felt lonely.
Her dentist said it was her wisdom teeth growing in.
He made controversial moves.
She couldn't get the TV to work!
She got distracted while cooking.
She had been working out for over an hour.
He hit the ball and it sailed far away.
When they announced open auditions, she was thrilled.
But there was no more water left in his house.
He studied some bacteria under the microscope.
She had to hide 200 eggs!
He doesn't like immigrants from the Middle East.
They knocked down a wall between the kitchen and living room.
I just recently submitted one of my short stories to a competition.
And she didn't know what to do.
She practiced day in out on her speaking skills.
My stepdad went into the bedroom.
He was selling a lot of his daughter's old toys.
I decided to go to the grocery but I couldn't find my list.
But as he got older, his aspirations changed.
She bought a wooly, furry rug.
He wandered upon an uncontacted tribe.
I tried to revive it, but it would not work.
Then she ducked low to avoid hitting a tree branch.
They decided to go skiing over Christmas Break.
Susie was excited about it.
She got all ready for it.
After getting ready, her bridesmaids met her in the hotel lobby.
They wanted their prom to be memorable but very fun.
He went to pick it up but heard a chirp.
When he said something particularly funny, I laughed hard.
She was at her first doctor's appointment perusing magazines.
They had come from a dinner.
He decided to play hookie.
Over the course of a few years he is now a very good bowler.
Suddenly he felt something.
The carpets were filthy!
He isn't getting many right.
She became scared of swimming in open water.
He had to move all of the construction equipment today.
She attempts to do a water trick.
She loved it very much and took it with her everywhere.
She had to lose weight for a fashion show.
He was telling him an elaborate story.
John set up his tent.
She was telling them about her sleepover with a friend last night.
John bought materials and began studying.
She started training him to fetch.
He was careful not to drop them as he carried them back to his car.
She made an amazing dessert for the potluck.
She hated living there because she had no freedom.
He asked her to cut his hair for him.
Sure, the months that Spring normally visits definitely came.
The interstate goes under a river.
And he was very close to getting an A.
She has to babysit her grandson tomorrow in the suburbs.
She had trouble making friends at school.
They were talking about ordering take out.
Tim worked hard at packing the items in the assigned house.
She did aerobics daily, but her walk did not help gain muscles.
The teacher droned on about dates, politicians, and governments.
The saw Central Park.
She liked it a lot.
They decided to divorce.
She felt it was unfair that her teacher made her do it.
His favorite truck wasn't there.
He usually won the annual barbecue sauce contest at his office.
The mime was putting on a performance for the pedestrians.
They were performing for the first time today.
Her horse rounded the bend and looked like a winner.
She needed to ride the MBTA bus to work.
He went to the nearest store to buy a ticket.
I did not make it back there in time.
She decided to go to the petstore and buy more fish.
One day she saw some painting classes advertised.
Matthew saw all the downed trees destroyed by the storm.
She went to the pet store to look for one.
I wanted to make my friend think I was a rebel.
She stopped to look at a toy on the shelf.
She spotted a dog sitting in a parked car.
One day, his mom was gone and he was only there with his stepfather.
This was very tedious and time-consuming.
One night she fought her mom to stay up later.
She had a big bouquet of flowers to put in it.
He didn't replace any of the equipment when he was done using it.
A day feels like a month, though I can't remember what filled it up.
After making a wide turn, his car spun out of rotation.
She invited people over but wasn't sure which movie to watch!
She had to wait for 5 days until a repair man could come.
But then they heard the bad news.
Bobby's teacher gave him problems to practice with.
He put together a guest list and sent out invitations.
The plane started making funny noises.
At first it was scary.
Every summer he went to a new country and took many pictures.
John went to the movies with his friends.
Her mom took her out to dinner and bought several clothes for her.
So when he started to learn how to skateboard, he took many risks.
He instinctively kept opening and closing his hand into a fist.
He had never seen snow a day in his life.
She said she was moving to Decatur.
At one point, the ocean pulled back hundreds of feet from the beach.
At first she was very sad that she would have to do that.
They planted a lilac bush in the corner of their yard.
Everyone said it was lame and he felt ashamed.
She needed to save money on her bills.
The kids were thrilled when he handed them over.
He noticed that there were several canned goods that were out of date.
The blue team's coach called a timeout.
Their mom took them to the park.
He decided to hire a private investigator to find out.
They set up a picnic table in the sand.
She decided to go to France.
She visits the library every Sunday afternoon.
They could ride a camel for $1!
My nephew had a pug dog before the child was born.
He had all the tools to control people.
She therefore always made sure to get the aisle seat.
One day walking home from work, a man stopped her.
One day she was going to buy one.
Though her art teacher was thrilled, the others weren't as enthused.
He had good test scores and grades.
They had unlimited access to the Gardner Museum in Boston for one year.
Nancy took the entire box when she was drawing.
The person did well on the interview.
But one of his friends said he could get him one.
His friends all brought him Legos as gifts.
He parked his jeep on the sand.
He grew up playing sports and wanted to make it his profession.
I ran to the stall at work, but there was no toilet paper.
Before he slept, he drank a glass of milk.
They decided they wanted to play kickball.
He saw many people running around in scary costumes.
He had a few beers and already felt out of it.
She got a new vacuum and couldn't wait to use it.
To our surprise she was obese.
I packed all of my things into my car.
She has been really interested in cooking lately.
We found that Doordash delivers from restaurants that do not.
She has always come in second.
She parked it outside a candy store.
He giggled and mentioned that he could see everything I liked.
I noticed a guy I went to college with at the next table.
She would skip the program every day.
They found a spot at the top of the hill where they could see good.
He told her he wanted her to make his favorite meal for dinner.
He saw a bag of food in the freezer that was unmarked.
The two decided to throw a party together on the same day.
It was a note from a secret admirer!
Although he tried to explain why he cheated on her, she ignored him.
I was inside my Uncle's house when something weird occurred.
While she was at camp a hurricane approached the area.
When the band broke up, Kevin decided to give up music.
He thought that he was extremely clever with some of his antics.
Because of an oil spill, the beach was temporarily closed.
He found out he had five cavities.
Whoever was the closest guessing the number of jelly beans won them.
He begins to hear a scream from the house.
She had a horrible headache.
It had been passed down for three generations.
I went to the bookstore.
Then her mom moved, and her walk tripled!
My cat would hide all day long since the kitten showed up.
There was no water in it.
He told me that I'm required to work overtime today.
She settled on a minivan.
A holiday party was being arranged, and Seth would be attending.
She got a full scholarship to college.
He read a terrible story in the newspaper.
Lisa had brought her surfboard along.
I gave my two week notice and three weeks ago was my last day.
Her favorite flowers were daisies.
He bought a little scooter.
Her teacher gave her a part narrating the class play.
She found the perfect yarn in baby blue.
His parents said he wasn't old enough.
He went online and signed up in the registry.
She took a breakfast cooking class at a community college for fun.
She has been waiting all summer to see who her teacher is going to be.
They were there in remembrance of their veterans.
He thought he had heard moaning.
One night after work, he stole some margarita glasses.
He was praised by his brother Luca for being the master of magic.
He met a friend from New York City.
They switched the game to ESPN News.
And he was completely obsessed with it.
She used it everyday.
She saw an Oreo commercial for Mint flavored cookies on tv one day.
He stopped at all the houses, greeting them.
John threatened to sue Susie if she didn't pay.
My mother-in-law said because we're moving, it's easier to not pay.
His entire family came to see him play.
She dropped some apples on the floor and they rolled away.
When she returned, she saw an empty wrapper on the ground.
Alana blew the biggest bubbles.
He felt like he had just cut the grass a couple of days ago.
She and her friend mowed 30 lawns to get money for tickets.
She suddenly collapsed.
He was named head coach!
This Tuesday they were trying a new one.
She was upset at not being able to see the sights.
He was up to bat.
They stopped at the Statue of Liberty.
The plane trip was very long and he couldn't wait to get there!
One day she opened a file cabinet drawer, only to find a scorpion.
After a few weeks, David wrote him a big check.
We watched Monty Python.
She handed out cold sodas and sandwiches to everyone.
She lost him in the woods.
When he tried to get a drink, a buff man approached him.
The slide was his favorite.
The kids went to stay with their grandmother.
She was in the hospital.
He was thankful for his crumbs of cheese that fell every now and then.
It was 100 degrees outside.
She woke up earlier enough, then she saw a sink full of dishes.
Woody found out and confronted her.
He was very tired so he decided to get a cup of coffee.
But she did not want a patriotic tattoo.
They always made the adventure fun and exciting.
They decided to buy one for him.
She decided to knit a baby blanket.
His friend called to tell him that his television wasn't working.
She was anxious to finish it.
He wanted one of good quality at a good price.
The problem was that he was the only likely suspect.
He would listen to it very loud when he would go jogging.
He likes to see the Giraffe's.
He thought the kites were pretty, but he quickly grew bored.
It was an all day conference.
She would follow him around town.
The circus was in town.
Now was the day she was going to count it up.
Yet she hesitated to try it.
She would often do stunts that would put her safety at risk.
Suddenly he fell.
They started eating their hot dog lunches.
However, it was announced that the band had to cancel.
Someone had broken their window!
He disrobed in front of her and sat on the table.
He was too annoyed from today's lecture in class.
He decided to buy cotton and yarn for his new cushions.
There was something new in the yard.
The house across the street from her had an abandoned carriage house.
She was stuck in bed and felt crummy.
He bought a new kind of cheese that had rosemary on it.
One kid fell and sprained his ankle.
He could see the bus pulling up down the road.
But Tina was reluctant.
They made it all the way to the door.
She got caught up in all kinds of errands.
He decided to see how many licks to finish it all.
The jelly was delicious, and the process of making it fascinating!
She couldn't fit into the shirt so she wanted to return it.
The stars were visible.
She wasn't having fun and wanted to leave.
She has to lie on a bed.
There was a long bridge on her route.
Mary didn't have any money.
She went to the mall, excited.
He went outside and started walking to find a store with Internet.
She decided to take a ride while on vacation.
One day he found an injured squirrel and brought it home to nurse.
They asked Betty what she wanted to eat.
She had watched a very scary movie!
One day, his boss informed him he was being let go.
As she was walking, she watched a beautiful sunrise.
It was very basic but we loved going there every summer.
She purchased a large container of blueberries.
She had just released her very first album of songs.
He was on a test flight when he too quickly gained altitude.
The pile was placed on my porch by my neighbor.
Every Sunday they would visit a variety of junk shops.
Suddenly she saw storm clouds on the horizon.
He looked up online for places who fix computers.
Tom searched for his dog all over town.
They were carving their pumpkins that night!
She picked out some colorful nail polish.
His 78 year old neighbor George joined ua.
On a trip, Kip had the chance to visit a real navy submarine.
It was his first real baseball game.
I congratulated her, but she shared something else.
She was loving the religious atmosphere in Saudi Arabia.
My co-worker heard it and thought it was a cat.
She kept things under her bed.
One day he ate rotten food at a diner.
They played in the Slip N Slide outside.
The first time he made it, it came out terrible.
She wanted to learn how to play the piano.
They divided into two teams.
She sniffed all the vials at the department store.
She used acid to clean the metal in her factory.
She waited until it was dark outside.
They decided that a lemonade stand in the summer heat would work.
She had gotten into a medical school out-of-state and had to go.
Kiwi was her favorite.
At a party, a piece of cheesecake tempted me.
If she herself would remove her top, her salary would double!
He got a new computer.
She thought it was a very interesting story.
I figured they were arguing about divine influence, so I listened.
She gave hints about the present she wanted.
But her dog loved playing with Michelle's tutus.
Ricky misjudged the depth of an area of mud.
He felt something brush by his leg.
She invited all her friends.
He heard a smoke detector chirping once every few seconds.
His parents told him he couldn't play with any of his electronics.
I woke up feeling so tired.
I decided to fix that by fixing a romantic bath for us to share.
He practiced everyday with his dad.
An old vase caught his eye.
Before the official blew the whistle, one person had a false start.
She always refused to do anything dangerous with her friends.
Today, the doctor finally called me with the good news.
He'd never been golfing and thought that might be fun.
The books were from when he was a child.
She had a new teacher!
Mrs Cass bought some supplies.
Mr Schmade fell during yoga.
She filled up her bucket with it.
Yesterday our cat went under the chair.
She bought a bunch of mums for her front porch.
They loved going to the ocean!
He went fishing with some friends in Hawaii.
He had to sneak around and hide it from her.
When he was 12 he wanted to play golf in a course in Cambridge.
Before he got this job, he never wanted to spend the night.
She went into labor one day and contracted for several hours.
Heavy winds were blowing across the area.
He tried ice skating but it didn't go well.
She tried listening to the car radio as distraction.
Everywhere she went people smiled and seemed to be happy.
He would take the job for the highest bidder,regardless of human life.
She asked me to check the arrival time.
Her mom addressed the card to Elizabeth's grandmother.
One Christmas day Mary noticed snow on the ground.
It burst and immediately a foul smell went all over me.
He knew not to shoot them off in the city, but he did anyway.
She placed several ingredients into the blender.
She bought a football to play with at home.
He wasn't sure which locker was his.
The thief ripped my dash almost completely out.
She used the refunded money to buy some new clothes.
He did the top shelves and I did the bottom shelves.
A stranger came up to him and pulled out a cigarette.
She hit the ball and it sailed into the distance.
She looked up at the screen and noticed something.
Last night he stabbed me in the leg while we were both asleep.
All she had on her was some chocolate.
So I told my cousins I would meet up with them after.
She placed second in the whole town!
She always had to take her kids school supply shopping.
She found nineteen zucchinis all ready to be picked.
He went for a lay up and jumped high enough to dunk.
She waited and waited to see a hummingbird.
She found a handful of coins in her pocket.
She was the only Muslim in a small town.
He handed out cigars to all his friends.
It was a really fancy stroller!
He would drink about 10 cups a day.
He was surprised when someone tapped him on the shoulder.
His girlfriend made him some soup.
I won all three games.
When she went to make a cut, she pricked her finger on a thorn.
She walked to the pond to throw out some bread.
The class addressed valentines cards and handed out candy.
Then she whined all night.
She hated that it always ended in May.
Milton isn't happy with life.
She'd take my things away and send me to my room.
She got out of bed.
He sat in an inflatable inner tube.
He ran into an old woman.
He was ranked very highly in local competitions.
They drove all night long with only a few stops.
When she was finished, she handed the food to the judge.
They were so bored!
The pitcher threw a fastball right down the plate.
Another player was on first.
He had his own pool and his own little house.
He got a lot of points by playing aggressively.
She stood in line to get her food.
She cut chunks of her long hair off.
She thought she could exorcise her adventurous side there.
She is watching a movie on the couch.
He had to buy a special new bicycle.
The nanny asked for some money to buy playclothes for the kids.
He opened the fireplace doors.
John read books about chess strategy.
They went to the deep end to swim.
So he found some old contacts who sold drugs.
He wanted to make a scary looking one.
She was bringing a tray of drinks to a table.
She went to the doctor.
I quit this group this summer.
My leg accidentally licked the ladder when I reached the top.
She has smoked for 40 years.
She put glitter on her homework and even her dresses.
So she added some hot sauce to her meal.
She found some beautiful wine glasses.
After a three hour drive, they finally reached the campsite.
It was recently announced that the president was visiting his town.
It was time for Marissa's bedtime story.
He had an old loud truck.
She forgot to contact her friends.
He usually spent all his weekend in his garage inventing something.
While Scott went back to the hotel room, Donna went down to the beach.
He heard a knock on the door.
She sewed them together in a checkerboard pattern.
But Hannah didn't know how to sew.
She used the bathroom for several hours.
He put the wet clothes in the dryer and pushed Start.
Her parents just bought her a new bike.
I've never had anyone throw up in my class.
He approached it and saw it had no collar.
He wasn't a good cook and burned the pancakes.
She got a big ladle out of the drawer.
His mom was allergic to everything!
I went to the orthodontist a few times as a kid.
She had two kids.
After their vacation they went back to the airport.
He often kept the television on all night.
He took some medicine the dentist gave him for the pain.
The birthday is tomorrow.
She was reaching the end of a two-hour whale watching tour.
She was drunk one evening and damaged a bathroom stall.
He went on a date with a girl named Shelly.
After a couple of hours he realized it was stuck in his head.
On Friday, Tom's dad had a meeting and couldn't go fishing with Tom.
Everyone got into a water balloon fight.
Savanna's kite got tangled.
I had to work late.
They put a time capsule in it and buried it.
Eric was good at his job, and he sold a lot of magazines.
She frequented the local galleries.
Once he wore it, he realized one of the buttons was missing.
She decided to cut her hair very short.
Every time he had to perform for children he would get a rash.
I wrapped a towel around myself to go to my room.
One day the smoker said he could double his investment in a weekend.
It was right on a pond.
Kate would often play monopoly with her cousins.
I giggled and wrote the number on a piece of paper.
But when graduated, he moved back east and lost touch with them.
James bought tomato seeds.
He launched it in the back yard.
She realized that it had been put there by the girl in the next stall!
He started getting too rough.
She wanted to start exercising more.
Delilah refused and ran away.
That cat loved my grandpa.
The whole evening had a mexican theme.
As she had no choice that day, she ordered a plain hamburger.
She found one that looked interesting and sat at a table.
He ordered a chicken sandwich and French fries.
He turned on the stove and nothing happened.
It called for hot chili peppers, but they agreed to exclude them.
He got dressed without turning on the lights.
On the way her car had a burst tire.
Ted's did not want his family to know he was gay.
He was super excited to go back to work and help people out.
No one had been mowing her yard.
She ordered a mushroom omelette and hash browns.
He was a dedicated worker and always showed up to work early.
Tom went to the store and bought things for the picnic.
He started looking out the window and his mind wandered.
She practiced her school's cheer every day.
THey were picking out the tile for their kitchen.
All three of them chose a kitten for their own.
The bully always took his lunch money and threatened him.
There was a textbook he needed for the class.
He decided to go hiking on Saturday.
They found a bridge going across the river.
He eyed all kinds of models.
It was with a guy she met online.
It didn't concern me until I saw a huge lightning bolt.
The problem was he was on the other side of town.
However, it rained on Tuesday morning, canceling the tournament.
When his friends would come in, he would give them free food.
One day in gym class we played volleyball.
He missed her a bit.
Every chance she got, she was at the lake with her fishing pole.
Don's campaign platform was mostly making fun of the other candidates.
She said my friend had a background in criminal justice.
The wooden seat broke in half!
A man got on and asked Miley when her baby was due.
She bought a new camera to practice with.
I told her she should stay home and rest.
And he realized that his room was a mess.
Turns out our bodies are actually created to stay in motion.
He went to the kitchen to get one.
Once there, she was able to meet with many family members and friends.
Zachary accidentally dropped his.
Her favorite bingo number was I-29.
It was extremely inconvenient as he couldn't keep any secrets.
I challenged her in a basketball game.
She got to see a show with two funny bears.
She called a repairman.
He worked from home.
One day in the summer, two boys came by.
He enjoyed it so much that he bought a bow.
John began working out at the gym.
At the airport, Bill got stopped by security for metal in his pocket.
It really was rather uneventful.
All the sudden she got lost.
The woman made an excuse for why she didn't pay her taxes that year.
Mr Denzer found out he was descended from George Washington.
It was a phone book.
We talked about the former general manager for the MBTA.
She worked at a pizzeria, an informal place.
The stress caused her to start to get headaches.
Once he graduated college he couldn't wait to apply for positions.
The judge listened patiently to both sides.
The korean clerk kept looking at him because he was black.
Then Isabel's father started dating a younger woman Isabel's age.
He got married young and soon had two kids to support.
They told stories around the fire and roasted marshmallows.
I talked her into trying Pokemon Go just once.
He met Christine, and told her that he thought she weighed 200 pounds.
Her friends arrived at 6:00 pm.
When she came to pick it up today, she started crying.
They bought a new game.
She fell asleep in the car.
She bought a big, fluffy blanket to keep her warm.
However, the little girl had a dentist appointment later that day.
I jumped out of bed and ran over to her.
He cashes it.
The cabin had a wood stove to cook on.
They were going to the mountains!
His parents told him he could have one on one condition.
She got an A for her final grade.
His sister needed a countertop in her home.
He drove the winding roads stopping to photograph waterfalls.
An ambulance pulled up to the door.
He was so depressed and he thought of her constantly.
At recess, she would make fun of other students and push them down.
She went off the designated trail.
His brother Sam began to ask him for rides everywhere.
They learned to make friendship bracelets.
Rick heard a cracking noise above him.
He looked on his desk.
The first thing she did was use the slides.
I've only talked to him once, but he decided to ask me out.
He worked very hard at his construction job.
A nearby car spun out of control.
This didn't bother her until she found herself living in a large city.
His parents bought him a puppy to help him with his fear.
He wanted to go swimming.
It could do lots of different things.
He signed up for his school baseball team.
I walked to the kitchen.
He offered to paint one of his neighbor's barns.
He took an antacid and stood under a hot shower, but nothing helped.
He has a special toy.
He decided to have a health screening.
He was trying to get forgiveness for his sins.
Assuming it was a neighbor's cat, I filled a small dish with cat food.
He picked out a van.
Two men were on base, one in scoring position.
He practiced singing the Star Spangled Banner at home.
Sarah ran to the curly slide.
But her father one day came back with a kitten.
She was surrounded by books all day.
Jim's grandparents lived out of state.
He was too eager to ride the new roller coaster.
They exchanged the items in the mall.
During school, he was frequently bullied about his height.
Two nights ago the skies were clear.
The first few offers were extremely low.
One day, he went out on a camping trip into the woods.
Her mom told her again and again it would never come to be.
One month later they were surprised to find out Laura was pregnant.
Her grandmother said she could have it.
He saw that his roof was about to collapse.
She decided to make fried chicken.
She was embarrassed by it.
He made an assembly line of sandwiches.
He was about to set off a roman candle.
He saw a beautiful woman coming his way.
Her mom knew she wanted to go before school went back in session.
He planted some tulip bulbs in the fall.
It was a messy break-up with lots of fighting.
He would grab some cheese and slide it into his pocket.
She drove to the post office.
She was very nervous.
The sky grew dark with rain clouds.
She was tired of living this way and wanted to change her ways.
She put a turkey in the oven.
They heard a beeping noise inside the barn.
Report cards had been received and he had failed!
Bernie was excited to get it.
Everyone there was a Buddhist, but Ella was a Jew.
He knew that he had to take care of his body so he could be better.
Her oldest boy always said he'd leave home as soon as he could.
Then she heard about exfoliation.
One day, the teacher caught him copying his friend.
Despite the snow, Hannah had to go to school.
Her parents forbid it, but she just applied it before class.
It was her sister's birthday.
He didn't have enough money to take a real vacation.
He looked out the window and noticed their trampoline was missing.
He went into his chambers to contact the spirits.
Today I finally got a call back for a position.
But she easily got sick because of them.
He worked at his paper route to buy them.
He got out of bed.
Her kids had left a wet towel on the carpet.
He didn't like any of the food she had been cooking.
That Christmas, his parents bought him a little labrador!
Suddenly, she noticed that pizza was on sale for ten dollars.
The airline lost his luggage!
He missed his old friends and talked to them online.
Liz drove them to the restaurant.
His grades began to drop.
She heard a strange noise and saw something dark in the sky.
Hardly a day went by that her mother didn't comment on her weight.
A new girl moved into the apartment across from Quinton's.
He saw a yurt in the distance.
There was a time limit.
I am trying to watch any movies I recorded.
He put a snorkeling mask on his eyes and nose.
Her friend Ann liked the outfit Sonya was wearing.
Guillermo saw Francisco's money.
An ambulance drove up to get a man.
Tyler studies.
Due to budget he could not pay a web designer.
All the sudden it started to rain.
Three minutes later Jay said he had finished cleaning his room.
My father's wide grin told me that he had a successful fishing trip.
He would chuckle.
Other writers told me don't sell it but I needed the money.
He came upon a skunk crossing the path.
He starved himself all day until he got home.
The weather turned rainy.
The opponents tried to double team him.
Her eye doctor told her she needed glasses.
On one side of the house the gutters were 20 feet in the air.
He started out running slowly, taking his time.
She always placed second behind her nemesis Faye.
She got out her vacuum cleaner.
Except everywhere we go, it smells like poop.
She boiled the noodles in a big pot of water.
She often came to work with bruises on her arms.
Her favorite event was gymnastics.
They said she would have to be very responsible to get a pet.
When I got there I wanted some starburst.
The book was in new condition.
12 year old Bill was skipping school when he came across it.
He had no prior experience whatsoever.
She tried to prepare for a verbal reasoning exam by reading the book.
He was especially scared of talking to girls even his cousins.
They went to Navy Pier and Millennium Park.
He installed security cameras.
Therefore I needed a keyboard.
When he got married, he and his brother opened an auto shop.
Jamie climbed into the front seat.
He realized he couldn't find his keys.
But he forgot to remove his pocket knife from his back pocket.
It was a beautiful music box.
The man she met up with started a fight with a man in the restaurant.
She was a yoga teacher.
The plot had a lot of mistakes in it.
I wasn't wet when I went to bed last night.
She saw a small black spider crawling across the floor.
She looked in every room of the house.
The temperature was in the 60s.
He was an old man who liked to play the clarinet.
He decided he wanted to win the math competition though.
So he booked a trip for an African Safari.
She found a coupon for 25% off of her favorite store.
A fire burned his house down while he was gone.
The only problem was Che was deeply conservative.
He decided to take a hot bath.
Susan's mom took lots of pictures.
She put her jeans into the washing machine and then dried them.
They were going to drink tea and eat snacks.
He was not very good and many people made fun of him.
I noticed they weren't using that method tonight putting them to sleep.
It fit him a bit too big.
He had been acting for years, but this was for a major production.
He talked his friend Ace into joining the army with him.
She could sing full songs at the age of 5.
She woke up early and rode the bus to the Sears Tower.
She asked to get a pedicure.
The dentist took x-rays of Robin's teeth.
He'd been playing a video game for nine hours straight.
It was a new school year.
Without a family or roommates, he had no one to talk to.
Time was running out.
She drove to the bank.
Palm trees were his favorite.
When he found out that he could now ride the bus he was thrilled.
This paper seemed very familiar as I read it.
She decided to go on vacation.
One day, one of his friends recommended sushi.
He was starving but no one had rescued him yet.
He changed lanes, only to find himself moving slower.
Despite this, my husband decided to invite them to dinner.
Mikey and his grandpa saw a deer walk in front of them in a meadow.
Quinn picked up five books.
My grandma and her sister would get their roller skates out every day.
Instead, the person stole all of my clothes out of the closet.
He went to the beach to pick some up.
She run in the backward and played around.
One day a man came in to register a car.
He had trouble finding anything he wanted to wear.
I met him on the bench today.
Ellen forgot to put on bug spray.
I had heard that sound before.
He'd married a woman that Tanya couldn't stand.
He is going camping.
She would dread to go to school for this anxiety that she had.
She loved the band that was playing.
He usually went to the mountain and didn't know what to do.
He climbed the ladder of the tall diving board.
He had slightly above average grades however.
He decided to attend the music academy, and got a degree.
He saw a woman lying on the bed in lingerie.
She bought lemons.
On the night of the first game of the season, he watched all the games.
She installed a baby monitor so she could keep an eye on him.
Her friend suggest she start biking with her at the local park.
He needed to promote it.
She rode her favorite horse Selma everyday.
He saw someone he'd never met before.
Her grandpa took her to an archery range.
He would always find some and put them in her hair.
His younger brother ran in the room knocking down the house.
I've been trying to lose weight and I think this will help.
He didn't realize he had so little in the bank.
But he never bothered to sit correctly.
First she got a broker.
He printed up a stack of flyers for his band's gig on Saturday.
They bought a bunch of fun party hats.
FOr months and months he wondered where it all went.
Oscar decided to sell his old vehicle to a mechanic.
One day she had a horrible accident.
They were easy and fun to make and cheap so my parents could afford.
She went to the animal shelter to look at the cats and dogs.
They filed onto the stage.
Everything was going great until he excused himself from the table.
Her hand slipped and she nicked her knee.
She went back to get it to take to her waiting guests.
All of a sudden it started raining.
Doug took some time before writing to consider such a figure.
All of a sudden, her car began to shudder and slow down.
I thought it was sweet of him to offer, so I let him.
She went to the local animal shelter.
He tried calling for help on his phone but didn't have service.
She said she was excited to meet the new pet.
My wife saw she was wearing a McDonald's fitbit.
She prepared a speech to give on election day.
THey were going to give their first interview.
She went with her mom to buy all the ingredients.
He decided to get some chips.
Mary's dad was driving and he slammed on the brakes.
The soda was cold.
He wiggled it with his tongue at school.
Anthony entered a cooking competition.
She ran over some broken glass on the road.
He suddenly heard a crash outside.
When I got to the checkout line, I realized I forgot my wallet.
Marty spread a nasty and false rumor about John.
She mixed up flour, salt, and eggs in a large bowl.
His team had won all of their games so far and were in the finals.
He was playing with other dogs.
They were offering pancakes for $1.
He was looking for a new job to pay his bills and student loans.
Finally, she went to the Eiffel Tower.
They both loved fruit so they decided to make candy apples.
But she treated them badly.
When the owner retired, he sold the place to Phil.
Dan was their driver for that night.
After eating some food, he felt a lot of pain in his stomach.
She avoided couches and chairs.
After two weeks the cat tree was still unfinished.
She put on a striped sweater and black pants.
The bus had a flat tire on the way home.
She thought about getting tested for celiac.
Dwayne thought about what kind of pet he would like all morning.
The next door neighbor bought two glasses of lemonade.
She worried that she wouldn't have enough wind to fly it.
Two professor candidates presented for the class.
She heard about a steakhouse who served award-winning drinks.
He chewed it more than sucking on it.
The house was dark and quiet.
We have a plan to drive to New York City.
He built another house right next to his own.
Except we were turned away at the airport before we could leave.
She loves her job.
His roommate had two cats.
She bought a bunch of pumpkins for her porch.
Their car broke down on the road.
Lucinda had many different outfits to wear to her dances.
She was feverish and achy.
He absentmindedly sat the pipe down on his lap.
I went to a music store.
He knew a secret about her and was blackmailing her.
He was worried that he wasn't good enough for the team.
My heart started to pound at the thought of being late for work.
Her and her husband loaded up in the car and sped down the highway.q.
The electricity went out.
SHe installed a gate with a motion detector.
Her son was scared to death of the potty.
Eve put the baby on the changing table.
I didn't pay any attention as I continued mowing the yard.
He was looking for a deer.
Her mom didn't have enough money to buy one.
Our son is in Boston.
She never made her bed or cleaned her room.
They bought a case of wine bottles.
They ran out of beer.
I got in the elevator with a group of people.
He decided to walk across a rickety old bridge.
She got distracted by a cooking show.
He had an appetite for a breakfast sandwich from Burger King.
He took it to the groomer.
She tried to spend the whole day not talking.
She had always been made fun of because she had short hair.
She pulled her hair back into a ponytail.
He noticed a girl at work kept flirting with him.
Michael's brother Gob was out of town for business.
Growing up an orphan, Thomas lived a hard life.
He was an ice trucker.
He answered a help wanted ad at a collection agency.
He picked out a snazzy bowtie.
He wanted to help it lose weight.
The front desk worker checked me in.
He drove to the airport early the next morning.
One day she missed class due to a long party the night before.
He felt chilly as the wind blew around him.
She had such great news to tell me.
He forgot to put sunscreen on his back.
Chad was interested.
He called up some of his friends and offered to pick them up.
She was making a soup for the potluck.
John wanted to get revenge on Bill for previous pranks.
So I bought a new one.
She always thought Tom was cute.
She was starting high school.
She had little contact with her father and never felt close to him.
They both picked out the same stuffed bear.
She saw a deer!
She stirred it in a large metal bowl.
After he finished, he was informed he had a very high IQ.
It had everything from cucumbers, carrots to lettuce and onions.
All the mourners were wet under their umbrellas.
Throughout the years however he became more of a nuisance.
He concealed its location when asked.
He had a big game.
She asked her daughter where the earrings were.
He joined the new gym in town.
She dug up the dirt in her garden.
Our street is fairly busy.
He came out as gay and immediately my mom started crying.
She scrubbed the wash sink with a sponge.
He saved up all his paper route money for months.
They spent the night apart and got ready the next day.
She is a Section 8 renter while we are not.
She put a plant on her new desk on her first day.
I didn't bother looking very hard.
He placed a lure with a hook on his pole.
The things they did didn't make sense to me.
He picked up donuts to take to class the next day.
She didn't know where anything was.
She had a short lunch period.
He threw his backpack on the floor in his room.
Her customer wanted three suits and three pairs of pants taken in.
He constantly talked while the Director was speaking.
He took it to the shop to get it looked at.
He brought it home and hung it on the fridge.
He'd not been good to her and he now regretted it.
She felt sick to her stomach because it was so hot.
The woman at the counter asked me why I was taking the pills.
He bought the biggest steak he could find at the store.
She would wake up and see them for 30 minutes every day.
When I make fries, they get smothered in it.
He had to manually stop it himself.
He is having chicken, potatoes and broccoli.
It was her wedding day!
She is stressed out about it.
Her mom told her that she would lover her new school.
It comes in a bag that can be microwaved.
The grass was manicured and beautiful.
It was a costume party.
Jerry walked towards them.
She decided to not invite Tina.
Mr Weitz's card had very bad artwork.
She opened the door to see what was outside.
She went to the grocery store but forgot her list.
They communicated her and treated her with respect.
When they stopped their quarreling they realized Damien was gone.
None of his roommates wanted to clean it.
I was so nervous to start.
While walking they saw a small boy crying on the sidewalk.
She signed up for the school spelling bee.
I was alone in my office, so I let some farts rip.
Bill was always getting him out of trouble.
He went eat at a friend's house.
She is very fussy.
There were a bunch of logs lying across the river.
Adelyn's great aunt told her there were three orphaned baby goats.
They were getting ready to race.
They had to travel in the car for a hour to get there.
She had forgotten to get him a gift.
She was wary of hospitals and wanted to try a homebirth.
He is losing a lot of short term memory.
They took his big screen television.
Over the course of break she took photos.
She hurried her walking.
The sun was beaming from outside.
She had never tried a radish before.
He decided to make an ice cream sundae.
I bit into a red hot pepper.
He would get people to invest in his business and he'd steal the funds.
His friends didn't listen.
She learned that her grandfather had passed away.
One morning while jumping to school he tripped.
He was excited to see everything going on in the arena.
He liked spending time together.
She asked her friend to help.
This summer, his family decided to go to the mountains in Colorado.
One year, Tana moved away to Idaho.
They went to Vegas and ate and drank a lot.
His wife had bought it earlier that day.
He asked Santa Claus for one every year.
And I finally got asked to come in for an interview.
They were teaching them about experiments.
She opened the door and walked inside.
He found some old meat in the freezer.
She packed a bag for the hospital.
I was buying shoes from Hitchcock Shoes.
He was going to buy one for the first time.
The father of her child claims she is an unfit mother.
Henry decided to walk to the end with his girlfriend.
She saw a car accident.
He did some research and found out generic brands are the same.
He left it where she could easily find it.
She went to DD to buy a coffee.
My brother had had it for a couple years.
He told the customer that he owed seven dollars.
After a few miles jog, he decided it was too wet and turned back.
She went bike riding.
She painted all the trim.
Her boyfriend appreciated it.
He made an editing account.
All of the hotel reservations had been made.
His teacher looked over his shoulder, and frowned.
I tried to install an air conditioner.
He spent one summer on a dig in Utah.
He had packed up his beach towel and sunscreen.
She put the ingredients in her blender.
Her husband had died suddenly.
Once the judge fired the gun, they began to run.
She was standing on a ladder to reach the blades.
Unfortunately, some hacker leaked the photos.
It started to snow.
Then she froze each batch for later.
It was designed to roll down a track.
When Marie got married, she didn't invite Sal.
He wanted to just lounge around all day.
But I thought it was more fun to watch Youtube videos.
An owner had an open house for his condo.
He got beat one day by Hugo.
He found a patch of wild morel mushrooms.
He had all his supplies and new clothes, and felt prepared.
Her RN school graduation day was finally here!
He knocked on his father's door.
She decided to implement a reward system.
She thought a makeover would be a good pick-me-up.
They bought a big stack of books.
They paddled down the water past rocks and trees.
Now I have to take a quiz that I didn't study for.
The date went well and I was excited for him to kiss me in the car.
All the town's children were mortified to go anywhere near.
It was a large rat snake, about four feet long!
After a lot of research he decided to buy an electric lawn mower.
She couldn't afford dance lessons!
She wasn't paying attention.
He is over ten years old.
But it costs a lot, so she gets mad if anyone else drinks it.
He immediately went to the hospital as the pain was that bad.
They sat in the bleacher seats in left field.
At first it was hard.
First they looked at the seahorses.
She was going to make new curtains.
She was rather shy about being on stage.
She went to the bookstore.
She put it together and put it in the oven.
Her husband bought her a watch to keep her on time.
It sounded like a fun experience.
The parking was 20 dollars.
He loved swimming.
The fireworks were about to start.
Donna rehearsed the reading, which came from a book, ahead of time.
She was really looking forward to it.
She told the bride and groom she would come to the wedding.
After we paid, I saw a survey form.
The little kids got bored.
Anna had to start brushing them.
He let her pick the music.
She stored her toys in a treasure chest.
A woman came into the store and wrote a bad check.
One day she misplaced the the precious ring.
Janet didn't mind it at first.
I got a better job offer a few weeks ago so I have to give notice.
She saw one with big stripes.
They stayed in a resort, and their room had a backyard.
Her friends brought gifts.
One day, Bill noticed an odd spot on his face.
She went on a strict diet.
She usually fills the car with gas if it is half full.
Thursday night, Tabitha stayed played Pokemon Go instead of studying.
Timmy's brother thought it would be fun to tell ghost stories.
I had a big test that counted for a big portion of my grade.
She was traveling to a place where the Zika virus was common.
It wasn't that big or warm but it looked good.
They unpacked their belongings and set up the tent.
He never wanted to go outside.
He was nervous because he didn't know anyone.
He noticed an abandoned apartment at the end of the street.
One day Peter escaped from his cage.
She asked the stranger if she knows where to find the bathroom.
They were having a show in his town.
I heard a loud bang just after he left the room.
She had her route set on her cell phone but didn't print out a map.
They spotted a monkey outside their room!
He tried to save his battery throughout the entire day.
She was very nervous about a speech she had to give to her class.
Chris kept trying to swat it.
He climbed up the monkey bars and fell down.
Cheryl worked on her resume, posting it on several sites.
He sees a group of homeless.
A decomposed dog found in a lake was brought in.
The one in her bathroom is old and outdated.
She had been living in DC.
She went to the craft store and looked at all the yarn.
She decided that a pet might help to cheer her up.
They all rode in the back of a station wagon on a trip to see family.
He was asked one day about a complicated procedure.
She wore a lot of make up.
I put on a movie and we sat on the couch.
She found a large wild blueberry bush.
She would jump over the waves as they crashed to the shore.
She reached out for a plate with food.
He had week too do it.
He made sure to bend his knees as he lifted.
He didn't care but his family was really excited.
This was their first game playing on the new turf.
She mostly played against her parents.
He developed a superweapon for the US.
It was her birthday.
He has a chance to win the game.
They got off of the bus when they arrived at the zoo.
One day a woman came by and asked what I was reading.
He gathered large sticks and branches on the beach.
He had figured out a code to help him cheat.
She cracked two eggs open and placed them in a pan.
It was delicious!
He was close to having no money.
His car ran over a skunk that was crossing the road.
Today she showed off her baby bump.
He tried to go at least twice a month.
He jumped in the water with the other swimmers.
A bear was rooting through his trash cans.
It was my first live game.
When she married and had kids, though, her budget tightened.
My laziest employee came to me to complain about being behind.
She tried to sing a song for the entire audience.
There was a no cell phone policy.
She pulled out her sunglasses to make it more comfortable to see.
We visited the Mystic Seaport.
He wasn't paying attention.
The driver stopped and jumped out, horrified.
She remained in bed for another hour since she was freezing.
I couldn't find any nice pairs.
The store was closed.
They all had bags full of candy.
The marriage lasted six months.
She slammed the mirror on her medicine cabinet too hard.
I searched the internet but it was not any help?
When he came back from appointments he would sit.
Martha repeated the sign for milk with her hands every day.
She decided to be a vampire for Halloween.
Its wing was broken and Lily mended it.
A friend offered him some sour candy as a joke.
It attacked one of the manufacturing warehouses for Tom's business.
There was an annoying drunk guy there.
When I got on campus, this girl greeted me.
He was drinking a big soda at the same time.
He thawed it for hours and then put it in the oven.
So she ate whatever she wanted.
He challenged all his friends to arm wrestle.
His parents always tried to stop him.
To honor him, I made a video.
She knew she had to get on the ball!
Tom wasn't that fond of the dog.
She used two mittens to take out a roasted chicken.
Yesterday was a slow day as it was raining.
