I paid the cashier and patiently waited at the counter for my drink. When she handed me the drink, the lid came off and spilled on me. The coffee hurt and I had to go home and change clothes.
He decided he would continue the business. He soaked up all the info from his customers. He made the business profitable.
Instead of going home they went to the shark exhibit, Kim was scared. She stayed behind as the other students watched the sharks. Everyone made fun of Kim.
Suddenly, an earthquake sent her falling backwards. The chair hit the ground with a thud and broke. Susie hurt her head and was really scared.
She didn't have enough time to brake and drove towards the deer, They were both knocked out. She eventually got up and called the police.
Then he looked in the mirror. He saw something in his eye. He washed his face to clean his eyes.
Ivy's friend then stuck his gum on the spoon. He used the gun to affix it to his nose. Ivy, laughing, refused to believe him since he cheated!
She told herself she was just being ridiculous, and counted down the days until the Saturday of her party. When she woke up Saturday morning, she felt sick. She had to cancel the party.
When I hobbled into the hospital people stared. I waited to see a doctor in the E.R. waiting room and met a lot of people. I went home with a cast on my arm.
He found a small cat in the park one day. He gave it some dried fish and pet it as it purred. Now, sometimes on his walks, the cat follows Ike around.
She took them out of the trash and put Shout on the stain and let them sit an hour. When she washed the shorts and the stain was gone. Kim was very happy she was able to save her shorts.
She hoped the store would have at least one gallon She was happy to see a full shelf of her water Gina grabbed a one gallon jug and went to pay.
And she had a hard time with no one liking her cooking. Gabby began to hate the other students. And at lunch, she ate far away from everyone.
Her grandma was taking own medicine too. Lucy panicked. She couldn't take medicine for a mere tummy ache.
Then, she jumped in the air to demonstrate how she wanted it to look. The picture kept coming out wrong. It took drawing it several times to get it right.
His contractor came over with tools and fixed all the creaky spots. The stairs no longer made annoying noise, and he paid his contractor. His contractor took his tools and went home.
He made a video about a local food bank and watched them provide meals to the needy. He knew it wasn't fixing the world, but it was a step. Within a month the profit from his videos had helped the food bank provide over a thousand meals!
She put in applications for a new promotion. She was called in for an interview at corporate. Cindy got the job and felt happier working with more people.
I didn't want to buy a cable service. There was a cable guy next door. He installed free cable for me and it was great.
It was too late to stop now He looked at her lover lying dead on the couch His anger had gone far enough already.
I started saving and found a car in my budget - a Chevy Chevette. It was really small, but it was mine. I was one happy guy.
The gas station cashier allowed Kim to use the yellow pages to look the number up. Kim followed the directions she received, but was more lost than before. The employee told her to take a left when it should have been right.
I called a plumber who told me it would cost a lot of money to install an efficiency one. I decided to watch youtube videos on how to put one in myself. I was able to install iit and saved a lot of money by doing so.
She smelled all the flowers growing in the building. She bought a few flowers and brought them home. She placed the flowers in a vase with water.
She wrote a lot. When she stopped writing, she was happy. She hadn't realized how hard it would be.
Thursday afternoon, I got it back out to try again. My mom told me that I should be careful of the traffic. I kept falling down, so I took my pogo stick inside.
Eventually they agreed. When he went to their house they agreed on a price. Carl now has a new car.
The little boy wanted to compete in the race. His dad helped him build the car, but couldn't this year due to the ban. His friend ended up getting a trophy for third place.
Mick took practice repetitions all week. Mick was ready to start their next game. He had a spectacular performance.
He checked and saw two coworkers doing a duet. It looked like it might get weird, so Zack ducked out The instigator of the song was commended.
Eventually, Hank developed a good posture. He did not waste years having to correct it. Hank was glad he listened to the advice of others.
He continued to study works and lives of people throughout his life He learned a lot. He put into practice what he learned and changed his life.
My sister in law and wife had fried chicken and I had pot roast. The service was fast, and the waiter was friendly. My sister in law is going to write a good review on yelp.
It is pretty simple and uncomplicated. But she loves to hug it more than anything. It is amazing what little kids love to play with.
To see who starts, they flipped a coin and Jim won. They then played Uno and Damien won every game. Jim was bitter about this and vowed to win next time.
One day, a man offered her a steady job after seeing her working at the complex. She became a gardener at the community co-op garden. With her steady wages, she finally could afford to stay in the apartment.
Him and his friends were watching the game and debated about placing bets. Lenny decided not to, and then Lenny's team won! Ultimately, the bet would have been worth it.
I was wary but I decided to try it. Alas, he had really burned it badly during the roasting. Nevertheless, the burned garlic tasted good.
She got better with the help of a co worker. They worked hard on this for some time. Eventually the two were recognized and promoted.
He asked for hamburgers instead for his meal. His mom ground up the leftover hot dogs and made patties out of them. Ed was happy he got a burgers for every dinner now..
Unfortunately, it was very discolored and smelled rotten. It hurt my sense of smell very badly. I threw the squash away and ordered a pizza instead.
She doesn't have a job, therefore her children support her. I have tried to help her with teaching about Government assistance. You just can't help people that won't help themselves.
Embarrassed, I walked away when the gift card turned out to be invalid. The man behind me paid for my drink. I thanked him for his kindness.
Her grandma was ready to go back home. Lucy quickly grabbed some books and checked out. Books would have to do since she had no internet at home.
It looked like the branches were reaching down to grab me I ran as fast as I could to get out into the clear I felt like I was in a nightmare until my mom arrived.
She traced her steps outside when she saw that she was missing a bag. Luckily, she found the uber was just down the road. She contacted him about the bag and brought it home.
When she realized she was late she started running. She ran all the way across the quad to get to the right building. When she arrived the scowled as she walked to an empty desk.
She put the desserts in small bags and the leftovers in other small bags. She then put all the baked food into her freezer. Helga had enough food for a week of desserts.
Jake played a great game. His best friend played well, but not as good as Jake. Jake won the game.
The captain was strict and told her she needed to tryout. She did a backflip and some cheers. The captain agreed to let her on the team.
During rehearsal they never joked around because they were scared of getting caught. The director focused his attention on the brass section. After 20 years they still remember playing trumpets together in rehearsal.
He didn't decreases toppings or increases prices. He starts to meet the regular customers. By the time Sam decides he doesn't want to retire, it's too late.
She had so much to learn about the characters. Amy rode into her yard and threw her bike down. She ran into the house to see her mother was already using the TV.
But then he actually started to play. Ryan's ball went everywhere except to the pins! Ruefully, Ryan realized bowling  was really hard, after all!
She didn't pay attention so she didn't learn anything. One time she put gas but put it in the wrong place. It messed up Jane's engine and she learned a lesson.
Each family member has a personalized stocking. I have a B and my brother has a P. It isn't exactly unique or interesting, but it's our family tradition.
Tonight, I vowed to take better care of my hair. I made sure Greg could watch the kids whenever I had a hair appointment, My hair came out fabulous every time.
However, it also taught me how to play. On the final hand, I bluffed. I walked away with the pot.
It was a stranger that picked him up and brought him home. The stranger took care of Sampson for the rest of his life. Sampson woke up on a couch every day of his life.
When Cam was neck deep in water he felt something on his leg. A jellyfish had stung Cam! He winced in pain and slowly Came swam back ashore.
He noticed a charity. He went inside and explained his situation. Luckily they offered him a job.
Upon arriving at the beach they sat in their car and waited. After a few minutes, a large group of storm clouds dissipated. Todd and Sam unpacked their beach towels and headed to the water.
Johnny was having a lot of fun, until he saw a person floating. He knew it was a drowned person, and started to paddle. He made it to the person.
The boy's response was to chase him through the snow. They both threw off their mittens and began throwing snowballs. By the time their hands were numb they were too tired to continue.
The everyone had the same amount of eggs. All the eggs were easy to find. Without thinking, I found the last egg in the oven.
I didn't get the chance to tell her. She walked in and yelled at me to do the laundry. When she saw she apologized.
It made her happy that she would be able to get her parents anything. A few days before Christmas, a customer left her $100 tip. She was able to get something even better for her parents!
They watched all morning. After lunch, they decided to reenact the movie for Bonnie's stuffed animals. They were a wonderful audience!
We were asked to stay in our hotel because of the celebration. That night we saw a man in a white shirt stand in front of tanks. The next day the consulate asked us to leave the country because the celebration had turned to a riot.
She ate and ate all day like a true glutton, but not any chocolate. When she tried to get on the plane back to France, she didn't fit. She was too fat to board and so lived in Belgium the rest of her life.
He thought he heard noises from behind him but he didn't see anything. He put the paint pail away and started to walk away. He then heard more noises and realized that the cat was out there.
They boys took the mud pies. Then they threw threw the pies at the girls. The girls ran to crying into the house.
He only took ten minutes to complete the work for the class. The teacher eagerly moved towards him to witness the artwork. It was the mirror image of his lips.
They rushed out of the theater to get away fromt the fire. After they were settled, Eric caught his breath. They agreed afterwards they should have stayed home.
They came early so they asked a curator when it would open. The curator told them 4PM. They were relieved to hear this.
They were surprised that they weren't in trouble. She didn't say a word to them just kept singing. They were even more confused than ever when she gave them another tape.
He got a new job that he liked. He never came home early. Now my parents are divorced.
She went to her mom's room and asked to borrow one that was more stylish. Her mom lent her a belt, and Anna tried it on. Her mom's belt fit perfectly too.
He loved the rain. Suddenly, the sound of paws slapping against wet concrete drew near! It was Hattie, his dog, bounding home!
One afternoon, he spent a whole hour playing his music. On Friday, he played the song for his music teacher at school. He was really proud of himself for playing every note perfectly!
One day her things were gone but she saw who did it. One of her friend's little sister did it and she caught her on the act. She gave Denise back her stuff and apologized.
More specifically, she was the ghost of evil. She played along and walked around his house with the blanket on her head being bad. Eventually, she got tired of being the ghost of evil.
One of the football players lived across the street from the school. He was tired of getting disturbed by the sound of trumpets and drums. So he turned the water on the field all day and made an ice rink.
Joe clutched his stomach in pain. He called the ambulance to bring him to the hospital. The doctors confirmed that Joe had the stomach flu at the hospital.
She took another commercial offer to look like she was enjoying a new snack food. As the camera rolled she took a bite, smiling. It was so horrible she spit it out while being filmed.
He brought hope a puppy. Eric's dog loved it. Eric's dog now has a puppy friend with home he can't be separated.
She cancelled her Netflix membership instead. Linda used the gym's free weights and used free workouts there. She was still able to stay active and save money at the same time.
All of a sudden a police officer pulled him over. The officer told him a tail light was burned out. Ed was very happy he just got a warning.
She bought skis at the store. She tried them on in her home. In the winter time she had many fun ski days.
Still sometimes she would run into things. She would never walk out into traffic. She never got hit by a car
When Caleb stepped onto the ice, he could hear his mom cheering. During the game, Caleb managed to score two goals. Stepping off the ice Caleb again heard the cheers of his mother.
He practiced every day. He got his friends together to help him practice. Now Evan plays with his friends and is on the school team.
I went to the store down the street, and as I shopped for items, I noticed my ex-boyfriend looking around. I ducked and dashed around the store until he was out of sight. Eventually, I lost him and quickly drove home.
When I got to work, my coworker poured me a cup. I let it cool for a while in my hand. When I went to take a sip I saw it had a roach in it and spit it out.
When they looked back they saw it would be a long row to shore. They rested awhile and then started the row back. They were exhausted when they finally reached land.
So, Jeff lied about how much allowance he got. The other kids seemed jealous, which pleased Jeff. Then, the kids asked Jeff to buy them some candy since he was rich.
The few times she straightened her hair caused heat damage. Kelly had to get it cut off. She was upset about it.
Then she set a table up outside to sell the lemonade for even more money than the plasma money. Lots of cars stopped for a refreshing drink. By the end of the day Lula had made almost forty dollars!
She liked it so much, she wanted to come up with a copy-cat recipe. She worked with different recipes for almost a month. Finally, she got very close to the original soup.
He applied to it a day ago. In the interview he was asked if he can start right away. He said he really hoped to start right away, s he got the job!
One year we built a board platform high in a pine tree. We were sitting up there when we saw a huge falcon. We always climbed a lot of trees after that.
They had no idea Kelly was tired. Kelly ended up falling asleep. Her friends had to wake her up.
He decided to only use money from Amazon Mechanical Turk. He worked on Mechanical Turk for three months. Finally, he saved up extra money for Christmas presents.
The interviewer noticed Tyrone's plain tie. The interviewer used to wear similar ties. Tyrone was hired on the spot because of his plain tie.
However, his bully classmate took his pen so his teacher gave him detention for not having his school supplies. During detention, Todd wrote a short story about his experience. His teacher helped Todd get his story published in a famous journal.
His best friend Tom made the final round. Tom ended up winning the tournament. Eric congratulated Tom for his win.
It was a rainy day and Joey got in a accident on the way. His car was messed up pretty bad but he was fine. His friend was sad that his new car was already ruined.
She ended up getting a job at a nursing home away. Her job was fulfilling but still was sad and missed home. Then one day jill met a handsome man and they are now dating.
His roommate discovered that the pizza was delicious. He began to eat. Andrew laughed at his roommate's gesture.
To my dismay while I was there, there was a rat in the basement. We all freaked out. Thankfully we called animal control and they took care of it.
They couldn't agree on whether to return it or not. They decided to play rock-paper-scissors. Sara won and they kept the tree.
She was hungry. Jane tried to walk away from the dog. However, the dog continued to follow her.
She tried to get it to work later, but then she had trouble. Finally Alicia got it working again. Turns out it was broken before.
That day, she did, so she quickly ran into the house to get her EpiPen. Hannah grabbed the EpiPen and stabbed it into her leg. Hannah decided to take the rest of the day off.
One day, she wasn't really feeling like doing her best. Instead of working, she played and talked with friends. When she saw her grades, she never did it again.
Val actually failed it. Her mother was embarrassed when the principal showed her the proof. Val was grounded for a month for lying about the test.
The detectives went home to review old clues. A detective picked up a scarf and examined it. The scarf had initials on it and he realized who did it.
Dan had his friend get a hammer and his friend pounded the nail in. When his friend did the wood of the porch split. Dan's friend redid the whole porch with brick.
They forced game seven with their win today. The team is very ecstatic. Dan gives a motivational speech in the locker room.
This morning neither wanted to. They played rocks, papers, scissors over it. Margo lost and had to walk the dogs.
Every day Kathy worked on making the baby crib. As she worked, she thought about her baby and how much love she had. When her baby finally arrived, she placed  him in the special crib.
Amy spent many Years saving money working at other bakeries. Until she had enough money. Amy was very proud on the day when she opened her own bakery.
The waiter came over with a salad. Don was happy because he liked vegetables too. He thanked the nice waiter.
But they were out of the shots and only had medication. The doctors apologized and told him they could come back later. George's mother was pleased when they got more shots.
Jerry to the cat to the vet. A week later, the cat was cremated. Jerry decided to keep the cat.
Near the end of the day, their mom scolded them. Then, she offered them a ride to the soup kitchen. They helped the owner.
Sam noticed she was acting nervous. She told him she was cheating on her husband. He made up an excuse to leave early
Molly started eating. She hated the takeout, it was very gross. She didn't want to be hungry, though, so she ate it anyway.
She had her eyes on a barbie doll behind the counter. She gave the man her tickets but she didn't have quite enough. Luckily, the man gave her enough to get the doll.
In the end everyone got together and threw him a birthday party. James was so mad at his friends and family. John didn't enjoy his time spent at his birthday party.
They decided to quit. They went to rehab They got better in 3 months
However, he woke up to a surprise. A text message reminder that he had an appointment that afternoon. John nervously called his boss and explained he wasn't coming in.
There, the doctors told him he had to change his life. He had to eat healthier and cut out junk food. Ed agreed, fearful for his health.
Lucy covered her nose so she didn't smell the hairspray. Her grandma took the curlers out of her hair. Grandma's gray hair was now curly, and the hairspray left no stench behind.
She got out a piece of jewelry she owns and started to paint it. She made her mom the nicest painting of a necklace. Her mom was so pleased with the painting, she cried!
She would always plan amazing trips out east in the country. She decided to save up for one of those trips finally. Julia had trouble deciding which state to go to first.
Each student performed their own piece or with others. I tried to performed a duet with my friend. We received a perfect score.
We called his dad who was over an hour away when we got a flat though. While we waited we made out in the backseat. His dad finally arrived with a spare tire and we arrived home very late.
He was holding a box, so she took the items and then the boy left. Later, she opened the letter and it said the boy liked her. She found the boy the next day and told him it was not appropriate.
Alison instead decided to buy them a flight trip for their anniversary. Her parents were beyond excited when they found out. They said it was one of the best experiences they've ever shared.
Soon, she was closer to her destination. She was debating whether or not she had enough time for another podcast. Before she could decide, they ended up arriving.
She had started out the day positive and enthusiastic. Then, she made a huge mistake with a customer. Her boss wasn't understanding though.
She took half the hamburger and told them it was very healthy. She offered them a piece of her carrot. The friends all accepted her offer and enjoyed the carrot.
She set out for the UKs favorite city, London. Dal arrived and immediately fell in love with the big city. She knew London was going to be her future home!
He made a B on his last test. The extra time with the teacher helped. He ended up with an A on his report card.
I joined the website group. I did not write a novel in a year. But I did finish a novel two years later.
We decided to buy suite tickets for after the conference. I had never been to Fenway before, so it was a great thrill. I will remember that game for the rest of my life.
He took her out and showed her how to use a clutch. After a burned out clutch and transmission she learned it. Sharon is not allowed to drive her grandfather's manual transmission car.
Both of them thought it looked very good at a distance. They decided that a fake tree was easier and cheaper. Next year they opted for a fake tree.
All her friends went, aside from him. The boys had dozens of ice creams to choose from. Jordan couldn't wait to have it again next year.
The guy also immediately came over and flirted with me. My heart pounded as our eyes met. He smiled at me and invited me out to dinner.
They tried for months and months to get pregnant and nothing happened. Finally Brittany got good news and surprised Tyler when he got home. Baby Conner will be here in 6 months, we can't wait.
Neil saw amazing sights in Luxor. He had not known Egypt's history was so rich! He was pleased with the river cruise despite the setback.
He had the best selection, so he got a nice meal. He also gave his neighbor a cucumber. He asked her what she was gonna do with it, and she said she will eat it.
Jerry drove back to get the tent while Tim waited at the entrance to the woods. After a while, Tim called to see where Jerry was. Jerry told Tim he had stopped at a diner on the way to get some coffee.
He wondered when the trail would end. He finally sat down and cried about his exhaustion. Then he looked and saw he was right at the end of the trail.
She quickly explored the new path. It was a short path. Sally was able to complete her morning bike ride.
Barry never experienced anything unusual in the house. Barry stood under the house tree and a friend grabbed him. He screamed and his friend laughed and left Barry.
When they got back to their room they noticed a gigantic bug on the ceiling. The girls ran screaming out of the cabin. A counselor had to come and catch the bug
One day, my husband saw a new housekeeper who started working there and she looked sad. Three weeks before Christmas, she told me that she had been fired. She lost her job before she could buy presents for her children.
After getting experienced cooking for lots of people, Cecil got a business loan to open his own restaurant. The place was packed for the grand opening! Cecil considers his restaurant a success.
All of his job hunting efforts had paid off. This time, he had spent hours researching the company and arrived early for his interview. Larry had gotten a great job!
He really didn't agree on one call and regrettably started yelling. He advanced on the referee and threw a punch. Now Todd is sitting in a jail cell for the night.
I hated them too, it seemed like we had the same musical taste. We started dating shortly after. We have been together for 4 years.
He was able to sink the hole in the next attempt. After my next hit, my ball came close to the hole. I fell short since the next hit was too strong.
She went back the next day and got lost in the plot of the book. She didn't hear the engine start or notice the book mobile moving. When Nell finished her story, she found she was far from home.
Drake related to his friends. Drake told them again that he was straight. Drakes friends said they already knew that.
William worked all year to save for plane tickets for them as well. For Christmas, he surprised his parents with a paid vacation. They will all travel to Germany in June.
He was so surprised when art similar to his won first prize! He started working for a graphic design company, doodling for pay. Now Rod makes a living doing what he loves!
When we arrived, it was a huge arena. It was the perfect size for a rodeo. I enjoyed watching the rodeo show so much!
Breaking the silence, Cassidy mentioned that it was her birthday. The waiter congratulated her and then left with their orders. When he came back, he surprised her with a free birthday pizza.
Ann woke hungry in the night and went to the freezer. She managed to eat the entire steak before returning to bed. The next day, Ann's mom found an empty meat plate in the freezer.
I accidentally forgot about some chocolate in my bag. My Mom ate it. She got full and smiled.
On the way, he stopped and bought a single lottery ticket. The next night, Alex won the lottery. Now he never has to worry about paying bills again.
His plumber arrived at his house a few days later. His plumber patched up a leaking pipe. Jerry paid his plumber $100 for his work.
Randy got enough and fought him. He asked for a one on one match with Aaron. Aaron got hurt really bad.
But, the audience played along and pretended he killed her. However, Janet came out in one piece. The audience applauded.
As soon as he realized that she was under 18 years old, he got mad. As a result, he kicked her out. Fiola left immediately.
You didn't even get to see them. He and his friend Joe waited in a long line for a similar ride. When they finally go on, the wait was worth it!
Jackson decided to go beg and get an instrument finally. He practices very hard until he is a bass guitar expert. Finally jackson is able to play bass guitar do to the charity of others.
The day before the special election his opponent had the support of 99% of the town. The mayor's party conceded defeat before the final ballot. The opposition had won the election for mayor.
She ate about 20 of them one day. And got an upset stomach because of it. She ate less cashews after that.
The night before the test she was relaxed and confident. She went to bed early and got a good night's sleep. Elly passed her exam with little difficulty.
Luckily some of the people bought some and signed the petition. We then had to go around delivering the containers. It was a good way to raise money for the troop and votes for the gym.
They finally did show up and Lynn and Jim made out the whole time. Finally they left. They entered Lynn's room to find her mother waiting for them.
However, she relented and I swam in the ocean. Afterwards I tanned in the sand. I finally went home when it started to get dark outside.
He found a great Ford Focus. He wasn't able to make a deal. He drove away sad.
But he will not rather have jerky inside it. This past year he avoided jerky. His has avoided 5 pounds of beef jerky this year.
She called everybody, but no one picked up. Then, she called 911. Amanda's call went through and 911 officers helped her so well.
She congratulated herself for never forgetting to pack snacks. Debbie ran into another couple on the trail. She shared her food with them, and none of them were hungry any more.
But she quit worrying about her old car, and got into her new car and took it for a ride. She had never driven a car that was so smooth before. Sarah was so excited to have her new car.
Finally they came up with and idea and bought a badminton set for their backyard. Her kids loved the new game! Now Portia and her family play badminton every weekend.
He stayed in his little village even though it was very boring. He kept his former jobs for a long time. After being in a war he just wanted to have a quiet, unexciting life.
But he was determined to add it to his talents, so he learned to cook for others and they loved his style. As he got old, he wished to share his talent. Chris passed his great talent into creating a book.
I agreed with him. He handed me a freshly-cut piece of crab. It tasted horrible!
She use to think up dragons, voyages to the great beyond. One day she just didn't want to pretend anymore. Instead she ended up finding a real friend to play games with.
Grandpa was afraid of mice and had seen one in the basement. Lucy reminded him the mouse was small and couldn't hurt him. Grandpa gathered his courage and went back into the basement after dinner.
Thomas was shocked by how much finesse is needed. He went home and practiced for several hours. By the end of the day, Thomas had a grasp on some techniques.
As she learned more pieces, her ability got much better. Soon, her pitch was great and she could play with one hand. She was so happy, she decided to take up singing too.
He didn't have to call everywhere else. The hotel seemed to be a great place. In the end, Leon decided a desert was a great place for a wedding.
Jason burnt one of his fingers on a match when they finally bought a pack and accidentally dropped it. The boys ran outside as the old barn quickly caught fire. Jason and Jeff vowed never to play with matches again.
Eventually, she fell asleep and mommy put her down. Before long, Daddy and Mommy were sharing a glass of wine. Happily, they sat holding hands and reminiscing.
In the middle of the night she heard a sound. She opened the door  to see it was a bear going through their food. Martha decided that she was never going camping again.
After five minutes of examining the appliance he noticed it was working. When he went to look for the owner he found him naked in the bath. The whole thing was a ruse to get Mike to notice him.
She stared at the beauty of every dress. When Reba went to leave, her friend's mom handed her a sack. She said Reba could have the dresses, which her girl had outgrown.
He started a new job and he met Belinda. Dan mustered up his nerve and asked her on a date. They had a great time at dinner later that night.
Unfortunately, his sister was sick but he still went. Finally she was able to get to sleep when he left for the show. When he got there, he was too late and they had sent in an understudy.
She didn't like ice cream so she felt excluded. After school, everyone talked about how great the ice cream party was And Amy felt sad.
Ronaldo decides to shine his new shoes one day. He polishes them until they look great. Ronaldo is happy that he has nicely shined shoes at work.
She saw them while playing in the water. She didn't want to scare them so she stayed still, watching. She was very excited that she got to see horses in the wild.
He needed a real cell phone, but kept up with his pre-paid cell phone. One afternoon he was in a phone interview with Apple Computers. He ran out of minutes and never reached Apple's hiring manager again.
Someone stole her shoes from the locker room when she stopped carrying them. Kayla was very upset. The next day, Kayla saw someone wearing her new shoes.
The tube went side to side as the speed of the river picked up. A few times, it went in the air. She held on tight but eventually fell off.
She couldn't resist looking, and she saw a horrific crash scene. She watched as emergency services arrived and began to help. Finally, her teacher said to not look at the accident.
But the smaller top balls were more difficult. Soon Fred's snowman was complete and decorated. Fred was very proud of his cold creation!
She went to the DMV office and handed in her paperwork to cancel it. She got in the car and got driven as usual. Her sister passed on the first try and got her license when it was her turn.
When she said no, he suggested they watch TV to pass the time. She was pleased to find he had cable TV. Gina and her siblings watched TV until it was time to leave.
She eventually grew old. All of the girls stood up and left whenever Nancy sat down. They looked at her with a mean grin and she died alone,
One day Ashley plays a prank on Susana's boyfriend. He gets so mad he tells Susana not to speak to him. Susana's boyfriend and Ashley never speak again.
Tina was nervous that they'd mock her singing. But her friends decided to try it anyways. To her surprise, she had fun and complimented everybody!
Lucy thought he was dreamy. She had looked for him through the shelf while pretending to look at boxes. Lucy didn't know when he would be back in, but he probably wouldn't be interested in someone so much younger than him.
Her doctor noticed the baby was nearly born. She had to make one final push. Carrie was just happy her baby was safely born.
His dog got loose from the leash on the way back and ran away. Sam looked for hours before going home Sam's dog was at home waiting for him.
Surprised, Colby found all the LEGO in the shelf. A Mrs Claus figure poked out on the shelf. The Mrs Claus figurine fell on his head!
Aiming for an easier recipe, June tried making brownies for something else in addition to the cake. After the brownies burned, June attempted making cookies. After burning those too, June gave up and bought ice cream.
He usually likes to go to the library during the day to send out his applications. The librarian there is always nice to Daniel. Although he still has no job, being at the library makes him feel better.
They all piled their the woods and lit them Everyone else's helped as well. They all had fun with the campfire.
One day they witnessed a tragedy on the news. Many people died. Because of this Nick and Patrick found common ground politically.
Thankfully, she was only traveling five miles per hour. She walked away with only a broken toe. Hellen, however, had her license revoked.
He looked and seen a spider crawling up his back. The spider was freaking out. Alex had to kill the spider.
One day, the dog developed cancer. Jon smiled because he was going to lose his dog. Indeed, the dog died from cancer.
Eunice is amazed how delicious the candy tastes despite her diabetes. Now Eunice eats candy every day. She doesn't care whether candy is unhealthy or not.
Still, she signed up on a dating site. Men started to message Raquel. She is now actively going on casual dates every weekend.
He turned the water on and set it to hot just like he like it. When it was time to enter the shower, he put one foot under the water. Finally, he jumped under the spray of water to complete his shower and shave.
As he was about to leave for class the next day, he went to grab his breakfast. It wasn't there. He found his breakfast container chewed up by his dog's bed.
When they got there, Heather was in bed still Kristen came up behind her and started waking her up. In in the end Heather got out of bed and participated.
Michelle decided to try the racing game. Her friends stood by to encourage her to win. She made it to the last level and won a lot of tickets as a prize.
Henry started eating, but he saw that everyone was saying grace. He felt awkward that he was the only one eating. He put his pot roast back on his plate and bowed his head.
Then he went home to practice what he had learned. But Kyo had no more dreams at all! He was very disappointed.
However, when he sees other motorcyclists in chaps, he feels jealous. Finally he saves up enough money for a good pair of leather chaps and a new motorcycle. On his first ride wearing chaps, Miles feels great.
The ocean waves were big that day, and she was afraid of it. Amanda would be sick. Andrea apologized to Amanda since she felt bad for her.
He developed a close relationship with the ant farm. But one morning, he noticed that they were weren't at the house He became sad and stated his own.
The police arrested her. Her mobile phone had all the incriminating evidence they needed. Digby remains in cold storage.
He recalls putting his keys in the pockets earlier. Oliver remembers putting them there after checking the mail. Now he is ready to leave the house.
One day, our coach made us all work until we all became dehydrated and that's why I quit. He gave us warm water to sip and told us to suck it up. Many of us quit after that.
They should look very closely at what their needs are. The will decide that they need a backup car to live our lives. They will buy two cars and spend the same the money.
Her pictures made the party look epic. As Lucy stared at the images she began to get a headache. Lucy decided to stay off Facebook till she was home again.
She made a decision that she had to find a job with no travel despite the promotion. She spoke with her boss who offered her another raise in pay. Sarah decided that no amount of money was worth her mental health.
Finally he asks her to play pool with him at the local pool hall after the movies. Marco and Laura have a fun night playing pool together. Marco is so happy he asked Laura out.
Bob got his brother to invest in beekeeping equipment. He caught a swarm and relocated them. Bob's brother has been raising bees for several months now.
She said it sounded like fun! They met at the hill in town. They spent the whole day sledding and laughing!
She filled her cart and put in coffee grounds. Then she drove home. Later there was coffee.
The doctor recommended a vitamin supplement. Bob went to the vitamin store and bought iron supplements. The next time Bob went to the doctor, his iron levels were perfect!
When the trick pony came on stage, the party was mesmerized. The trick ponies went through their routine. The party went home, fulfilled and content with the performance.
When the buzzer dinged, she opened the washer and saw black! A black sock had been hidden in the load and dyed the clothes. Now all of Lisa's clothes are ruined.
Sara was in charge of everything. Finally she got the whole family to go to bed and wake up earlier. Now mornings are smooth for Sara and her family.
He got up the next morning feeling nervous again. His friends told him he would be fine. That gave him confidence and he passed the test.
Her parents told her to be realistic, but let her go to the planetarium. After, Aya went to cosmonaut school! Now, she lives her dream every day.
Her teeth were yellow anyway from the soda. She stained her teeth with a product she bought Her teeth are now white
He tried his best to stop it from happening but they just kept losing business. It affected the whole town, but no one cared because it was ice cream. Every year since, the town has an ice cream festival. to support the local business.
He felt sure she would accept and maybe even be happy at him! So he gathered up his courage and he asked her. Aya accepted gladly, and then she did laugh - with joy!
But the next morning, Tina woke with a terrible hangover. She thought that was a far worse punishment than the grounding she would have gotten. Tina vowed never to drink alcohol again!
She decided she would try to make the most of the day. She fully expected to feel worse. By the end of the day, she began to feel better.
The girls thought it would be great if they had different tattoos with the same meaning. When they got them done they loved them. They even wanted to get new ones.
She cracked the shell and ate the nut. Her face became contorted and she spit it out because it was rancid. Kim told Beth it was the yuckiest nut she ever ate.
One night he saw the silhouette of the tree standing on his deck. He took a picture with his digital camera. That was the image he decided to use for his logo.
However, a tornado formed before our eyes, and came our way. We raced fast to get away, as we were terrified. Soon enough, the tornado disappeared and we were finally safe.
She wasn't able to find the owner before going to work. The entire drive there was cold. When she got out it had rained and the car was soaked, and she felt bad about the puppy she left behind.
He decided to go to the casino to play for higher stakes. In the excitement, he started beating his full paycheck. He ended up broke and miserable.
She also didn't know it could hurt people's feelings. One day she got called into the principal's office. June received detention for spreading gossip at school.
He narrowed it down between those two. Both of these offered interesting career prospects He was still a freshman but knew his future would be prosperous.
Jen is glad they don't have to see each other. Before switching schools, Jen and Sandy got in a fight about boys. Her parents felt bad, and didn't punish her
After about an hour of busy business, my boss seemed worried. He walked over to me and told me to keep doing a good job. The restaurant was open late, and then I went home happy and sad.
They didn't have to explain they had permission to be there. But she insisted they return to their class. The girls realized it was pointless to try and argue with the teacher.
He joined a gym. He bought workout clothes. He had fun lifting weights at the gym.
I asked him if we could get a tutor and help understand things. We studied together once a week for two months. When I took my math final, I got a superb grade and was very proud and glad we'd gotten a tutor together.
When she had checked out she thought to buy water and needed to get the water to her car. She never used the plastic bags at the store. But today she had no other choice.
Thomas's mother decided to buy him a Nintendo 64 for throwback Thursday too. He was happy when he started to play it. Now, Thomas loves his new Nintendo 64 and the PS4s.
When she arrived back home she met with her friend who lived next door. Janice soon remembered to tell her friend about the short trip from the new state. She was glad in retrospect that her family went.
So he goes looking for his real parents. He finds out that they tried to communicate with him five years ago. It takes Tom a long time to get over to meet them.
They told her it could not be traded. Cassie was very unhappy. She wasn't able to get a new car.
She explained that she had scam to the city sheriff. Marissa told him the information. Then, she decided to add her name.
Christmas break started today and Julie was driving to Vegas. She smiled as she drove, thinking of seeing the slot machines. When she walked in the door, she felt giddy.
After cleaning up, he made sure his nose wasn't bleeding anymore as he had already stopped it. He looked outside, and saw a line of people waiting for him. Earl quickly ran back and got back to work.
He also told her what a great job she had been doing. In the most straightforward tone, Diana replied in thanks. At the end of the day her boss appreciated her.
He gave me some medication to sedate me while he inspected them though. When I woke up from the medication I was at home in bed. I didn't remember a thing that happened once I took the medicine.
I tried to calm her down throughout the ride, but she was too excited. In addition, she screamed when the roller-coaster went down the peak. Before getting out, she took a few minutes to breathe.
I recruited people to join the site on facebook about poodles. I began building up a huge following. I decided to sell the website.
However, a mosquito flew up to Kenny. Kenny got bit on the arm by it. He squashed it using his fists.
After a couple of hours outside she saw storm clouds rolling in. Upset she had to go inside she went to her bookshelf. Lucy laid in bed and read books the rest of the day.
He bought cheap jeans instead. He then saw a homeless man with no shirt. He decided to donate the clothes to the homeless man.
I found the soda I wanted when I went back with my wallet. Then, I paid for it at the counter. It was tasty.
Fred is immediately dumbstruck. He wanted to ask her out. But she may have rejected him.
She read some books on how to be a good marketer. Some common advice she got was to put the books down and write a blog. She started to write about anything and soon she was writing a lot on the new blog.
She gathered up all her items and placed them outside That Friday, she made signs at put them around the neighborhood It was a success she got rid of everthing.
I wanted a car. I was going to work hard for two years. I found out my parents managed to save enough to buy me my own car.
Lynn wanted to show him how. He tried really hard to use the chopsticks but it was difficult! He made a mess but his effort impressed her nonetheless.
I forgot that I had no money, so I stayed home and I combined the mix, an egg, some milk, and a bit of oil. I mixed all those up really well, but not too much. And this morning I made three really fantastic pancakes.
Stan continued to do it. He lost control of the baseball and broke a window. Stan wished that his mother had been around to tell him to stop.
I realized I would have to pay taxes if I didn't declare the money. In actuality, the IRS found out but my boss taken out the taxes I realized I should tell my boss about my taxes.
One day, Jerry was injured when he was accidentally hit by a friend. Erica had a dedicated room built for him while he was in the veterinary hospital. Jerry loved playing in his new, safe room.
She went to the store to buy supplies. Amanda's trick about the grocery store's apple pie was discovered. She was eliminated from the contest.
One day her master was lying in a hammock at the city park! April decided to jump onto her master while in the hammock. It flipped over and both the dog and her master fell.
She saw a puddle and control of the car. It ran off the road and hit a tree. She made it out with injuries but is supposed to recover.
Then, she put some hot water in the bottles. She used a brush to scrub the sides. Then, she rinsed it all.
Stan reached into his pocket and then slammed a $20 bill down. The worker apologized then for the 5 minute wait. The worker took them to a lane.
My mom makes me practice until I've mastered the song. Then I invite family and friends to my recital. And I play my song for them.
Bud decided to go visit Ted while he was recovering At first the boys were quiet but then Bud mocked Ted. When Ted came back he hated Bud even more.
After working a lot of overtime, he saved up enough money for Disneyland. Dave was able to spend the entire week at Disney. He loved being able to attend the cool kids park.
Melody served the second meal she made to her new husband. He husband smiled and said it was the best meal he ever had. Melody tasted it and knew he was lying but smiled anyway.
He nearly hit the deer with force. He lightly tapped the deer instead. Tom's car was slightly damaged.
Later Daniel woke up to birds chirping He realized it was he had fallen asleep Daniel was upset that he already had to go back to work
She heard the car door before the cops pulled up. They'd found her ex-boyfriend with a pair of binoculars in a tree. He said he'd only been watching birds.
But Kevin noticed that it was time for presents and cake. Everyone was hungry and tried to run inside. But Kevin was the last one out.
Then, I put an object out of her reach. She got up and tried to get it. She was successful in crawling and getting it.
He had no idea they were calling for a huge amount of rain The storm arrived to the small town The storm left heavy damages
One day her mother had an idea. She forbad Miranda from playing the violin ever again. From that day forward, Miranda practiced every day!
Maria's sister Rosa owns the building. Rosa's husband thinks Maria needed to move out because she was expelled from school. Nobody is talking to each other.
The pace proved too much and I lost control after the finish line. I veered off the sidewalk and onto a grassy hill and fell. The fall sent me into a canal and since then I haven't rollerbladed.
She asked for another dish that was less spicy. And Joyce eagerly awaited it. Unfortunately, she still couldn't finish it without gulping tons of water.
He unlocked it and saw  too much stuff in the van for the ladder to fit right. The hangman climbed in and began to reorganize. He was able to finally carve out enough space to fit the ladder in.
After the game everyone decided to go for a walk since we'd already eaten dinner. I forgot all about the food I had eaten. When we got home it was nice to relax and not worry about dinner.
The day of the test, Patsy could think of nothing else but failing. She made it through without hitting a cone. She was so relieved and she celebrated for passing!
Jon was unsure and felt it wasn't a good idea when they finally did ask him out. However, his friends made him go. Jon ended up loving the rave.
He arrived late at his house one day and sat down at his couch. He felt something moving on his shoulder, it was a tarantula. He jumped and then fainted from the shock.
Suddenly, a drink spilled and stained her dress pink. Luckily, her mom appeared and took the stain out with cleaning spray. Alas, the wedding was cancelled anyway.
They decide to go to the local pool hall and play a few games. They make new friends while playing pool. He decides he will try to spend less time in his apartment alone
There was Aurora, Jasmine, Rapunzel and Ariel. She was not excited to meet with Cinderella. She had breakfast and didn't want to do it again.
Ben decided to join a club to meet people. Ben joined the chess club. Finally he made a group of nice friends.
He decided to fry some hot sausages. When they were finished, he ate them. He was happy to have had a delicious dinner.
The next time she lost her phone, she took all the cushions off the couch and found nothing. She pushed her hand deep into the crevices of the couch. After searching, she still had no phone.
They were arguing over what other movie to get. Finally, Eddie suggested that they just get all three movies. Lance agreed and they finished up at the store.
But when finally went to eat and came back, she noticed that her computer restarted.. She realized that an update forced her computer to restart. And the essay that she had finished after many hours did not save.
Morgan was running outside just for fun. Her presence was actually needed, so she helped. She was given a ton of of praise and congratulations.
He shuddered with anticipation at the confirmation of the injury. Examining the bird, he discarded it with a dismissive toss. From then on, he violated the pigeonhole principle by sheer will.
The saw went right through the branch and into the massive trunk. The man pushed hard and continued cutting through the tree. He was almost amazed by the roundness of the resulting stump.
She drew pictures of diseased lungs. She even bought her mom a pack of nicotine gum. Fortunately, her mom quit smoking.
Other kids on the school bus started noticing it as well. Soon everybody was trying to figure out the source of the smell. Then they discovered a bottle of perfume spilling on the floor.
They tried to stay away from Val. Val found Ali and pushed her and began yelling at her. Ali sat on the ground stunned and her brother pushed Val back.
He realized he had just had a really scary dream. For almost an hour, he was too unsettled to get back to sleep. Luckily, he was able to drift back to sleep eventually.
She kept posting romantic Facebook posts about an Atlanta Boy. I found out she was having an affair with one of her coworkers. Last week the coworker's wife found out and hit the roof.
He lost track of time when he encountered a rare penguin. Michael only wished he had his camera. Disappointed, he had to find his way back to base.
We were amused, but did nothing. Another neighbor complained to the police. The neighbor had to get rid of the puppies.
Seamus was rejected Seamus applied to beauty school He was accepted.
On her way back she fell into a canal. All of her friends helped to pull her out. Annie was soaking wet and had to go home to change.
Carrie covered her paper so Eugena couldn't see it. That accusation made Eugena upset! Carrie went home after a talk with Eugena and Eugena passed the test.
I spent two hours looking at the artwork. Then I ate at the cafe. I had not gone to the Gardner in Years and was glad to visit.
She turned on some sexy music. Georgina slid her hand down panties Then she fell asleep because she was too exhausted from dancing.
To their surprise they saw a bear as they were landing. The girls screamed. However the bear was simply walking back to the woods.
After she stopped, the teacher called her. He asked if she noticed her leg. When she looked down, it was bleeding.
Emily left and the parents fed the children dinner. She found out that they played the rest of the night until bedtime. When Emily got home, her mom consoled her.
He played video games after school. He was all caught up on his homework. Tom realized he did the right thing about going to school.
I set up on the edge of the grass. Tossed my rod in the water and waited for a bite. I was able to catch a fish.
They always said no because her brother was allergic to animals. She never stopped asking and she never got a kitten too. When she was 19 she moved out on her own and bought a dog and a kitten.
Had she said yes, she would have been out partying all night. She woke up to her alarm the next day, and was on time for the exam. Molly says she will always make school her priority in college.
Then he selected the bike he liked best. He took it up to the counter and asked them to reserve it while he went to get his money from his car. Then he strapped the bike to the back of his car and drove home.
At first she couldn't find anything but then she found one. As the movie went on she started enjoying the movie. Nancy was happy that she had decided to stay home.
She went with a fake one and she thought it looked like the real deal. But every day, the tree seemed more fake to Jane. Jane took the tree apart and put it in a box in the closet.
The teacher smiled and showed Ann where to sit. The girl in front of Ann turned around and kept being rude. Ann was surprised to feel at home in her new classroom after a week though.
He doesn't like art though. I found out he loves steak. She got him a package of Omaha steaks.
Until one day the actors in the museum's play did not want to act anymore. He decided to give them all raises. Then everyone was happy.
Bill worked hard to take care of the puppy. He fed and cared for it daily Bill's father was happy his son had worked so hard with the puppy
He bought unsweetened almond milk at his grocery store. But he thought it tasted like water. He kept drinking the sugary drinks.
As they were walking, her dog used to walk by her side but it ran. It took Tammy three hours to finally find her dog. Now whenever she walks her dog, she makes sure she will obey her.
She was sad when some of the characters died. She sat in the room, embarrassed to be crying at a movie Until she saw the other girls were crying as well
She realized that something was stuck on her skate. She went to the attendants and asked for help. Soon she had a working pair of skates.
In the final seconds I was looking at the floor depressed. I was shocked and happy when my wife said the Seahawks intercepted. It was a great moment in Washington sports.
I felt nervous about my safety as the ride got delayed. I raised out of my seat on the first chance I got. I was glad that the ride stopped.
It took him a while to feel worthy enough to wear it. Eventually he got it tailored. He felt a sense of achievement and gained confidence.
She jerked her head violently by accident. The lady doing her nails said sorry. Tammy felt awkward.
He bought the one balloon. Ivan tied the balloon to himself and said farewell to the earth. Though, he never made it off the ground.
Ana saw a small Rat Terrier that she asked to hold to the next week at the shelter. Ana's heart melted as the puppy snuggled her. We bought the puppy home with us.
Sam used his hands to dig the next day. He unearthed a wooden chest. He opened the chest and found some old photos and a note.
So we passed out candy to the neighbor kids. Now that I am an adult, I'm not allergic anymore. Every year I go out and buy a bunch of candy for myself.
He decides to start earning money himself so he can pay for other new games in the future. He works for two weeks and finally gets his paycheck. The money on his check was enough for Steven to buy two video games!
Tommy studies everyday after school. Tommy becomes very good at math. Tommy's dad is sad he doesn't play basketball all the time.
The front desk clerk chased after me. I put my coat and keys in the gym locker. I walked into the weightlifting room.
Eventually her daughter told her in the morning. Barbara called in the school to tell them her daughter was sick. Barbara took the day off from work to take care of her daughter.
I got up and called the fire company. I forgot to buy a extinguisher. After the fire was put out I bought a new TV.
Sharon was determined to graduate with a perfect grade point average. She studied so hard that her grades began to suffer. Sharon managed to pass most of her classes, but ended up failing English!
She asked Abelina to take a trip to New York City when she got better. Abelina thought it was a great idea. They had an amazing time in the city when the friend recovered.
He got a new shirt for himself though. He got a new hat for himself too. His favorite gift was the radio that made him jump for joy!
They had all been drinking. Jane's friends tried to convince her to swim in the deep area. Jane politely declined and used being drunk as an excuse.
However, my mom was on her way to see Tina. She gave Tina an envelope. When the envelope was opened, several hundred dollars appeared.
Stan told them to stop it. The kids turned and started teasing Stan. Stan looked at the zebra and felt sad for both of them.
Inside the toy store Mike got very excited. Mike went back and fort looking at each toy with his mom holding his hand. They were not separated while they were inside the toy store.
However, he told him that he just needed time to cope with the breakup. The next day, he ran into friend again. He was in the arms of a new girl.
I went home satisfied. I gave it to my grand mother. She likes the kiwi.
She had dinner ready and wanted to eat. He went upstairs and washed off. She was glad he cleaned up because his grandparents were in town.
I assured him we could go over the numbers. The client was happy with his decision He signed the contract with our competitor and I lost a client.
She grabbed me by the arm and took me into the basement. She stood me by the furnace and faced me toward the wall rack. And there it was, my shirt in all its glory.
Tami sounded like she was in a good mood when she finally got in touch with Gina. But when she heard Gina's voice, her mood changed. Gina began to realize Tami was no longer her friend.
The shoppers let loose a collective scream and ran. The Vikings, merely actors in a play, gracefully beckoned a cashier. She was happy to show them to the aisle with fruit punch and soda.
The man saw the his friend the judge the next day. The judge passed a lenient sentence on the man. The man didn't learn his lesson.
The next year, he tried out again for basketball and was the last player to make it. In his final season, Pau developed into the star player. He is now playing collegiate basketball all because he never gave up.
He had had a bad dream. Steve went back to bed. He breathed a sigh of relief as he gently fell asleep.
They seem to know everything about each other. The other day, they were in each other's wedding. Their children are now best friends.
Hungrily, she ate the apple. She put peanut butter on it. That night, she had another apple.
If their appearance looked bad, he laughed. One day someone made fun of Tim's appearance. Tim was never judgmental again.
A week later though, I plugged in the clippers, but they wouldn't seem to work. I tried a different outlet, but to no avail. Unfortunately, I had to finish the entire haircut using scissors.
Finally he decides to buy a bicycle. He rides his bicycle all around town but still doesn't meet girls. Francisco feels bitter that his bicycle didn't help him get a girlfriend.
I was not alone and I have a job. The only thing that saddened me is that my girlfriend has broken up with me. Luckily, I still have my aunt.
Then he came home and apologized to his dad as well. John had decided never to fight with his dad again. His dad happily accepted John's apology and John did as well.
We still wanted to set out for a mountain that was close to our city. Once we got there, the weather was perfect. A great time was had by all!
While the other kids had lunch she decided to go play again. After 5 hours she became dizzy from dehydration. Thank goodness the teacher saw her and made her drink Gatorade.
June put up her trusty vacuum and let the husband go to work. But she soon realized she missed the daily chore. When her husband was at work, June started vacuuming.
She needed an extra set for her friends, but when she looked on auction sites, but they were too expensive. Finally, she put an ad in her local newspaper. A kind reader wrote back to offer her two free tickets to the concert!
One night she ordered herself a salad and a smoothie. As she ate the food, her eyes closed in pleasure. Ada realized it was wonderful to eat healthy!
She had secured funding through her mother. She could not open the studio due to her son's health issues. Five Years later after her son got better she finally opened up her own studio.
Even though Bill tried to explain why he'd done so well, he couldn't. Bill even attempted to talk to the coworker about the formula for success. Bill was happy, yet more confused than anything.
Willard's irate that no judge will demand the parties stop. He vows he's going to take matters into his own hands. He called the police on the next block party.
My grandma can't come over to teach me her recipe. Everyone loved the mac n cheese I bought. This mac and cheese is now the only mac n cheese that buy.
He got on the next bus and saw a old man who needed a seat. Joe knew what to do. He let the old man sit in the seat.
Bob does not believe her. They get a DNA test done when the baby is born. Bob is the father of Jane's baby.
She freaked out when it got stuck. Her mom told her to use peanut butter to get it out. She tried that and it worked.
She changed and her mind and gave tennis a shot, and she kept launching the ball out of the court. She quickly realized it was a game of finesse and power. Slowly but surely, Mary got the hang of the game.
After getting ready, Amanda discovered a flat tire on her car. Amanda tried calling a taxi, but her cellphone was not charged. Amanda decided to call out of work, as her day started too early.
They wore them out several times and nobody mentioned them. After a while they would try to subtly bring them up in conversation. Nobody ever cared enough to engage them about it.
Jo got ready to jump without spotters. Jo missed the ledge. She broke her ankle.
She chose a different story, and after reading for a few minutes, the baby fell asleep. She closed the book and put the baby in his crib. He was sleeping calmly.
One day she noticed her new fish floating at the top of its bowl. Saddened, she did research and realized she fed it the wrong food. Mindy never bought a pet on impulse again.
Melinda found another dog she wanted at a shelter. Melinda met the dog and fell in love with him. She took the dog home that very day.
He got frustrated and told them he wanted paying anyway. The bridal party got equally upset. Sam didn't budge and demanded his money.
The woman threatened the cashier. Mary called the police. That lady went to jail.
But he did find some arrowheads near a stream, which he took them to his mom who was very surprised. She called a local college and the professor sounded very interested. The professor offered them a lot of money to search in their stream.
Every time I go over I play with him and teach him some few words and tricks. This last week he learned a new trick. I enjoyed watching him show it to me.
They sang and danced to the loud music all night and had a great time anyway. When they left the arena, they could hardly hear! Their ears were ringing for days before they went back to normal.
Amanda saw Loki paw at the door. Amanda told Loki no. She finally opened the door and Loki ran outside.
Jimmy announced that he's homosexual. Despite the fact that the family already knew, they acted surprised. His parents told him that they respect his decisions.
Each spy threw down their empty clip in front of the other. They lowered their guns and grabbed a new clip. The spies nodded at each other and continued shooting.
The place was huge. We went down lots of aisles. Before we left, we paid for our groceries.
Once he reached New England he did not stop. The man got another flight all the way to canada. Once he crossed the border he got out and smelled the air.
She bought everything online so she could easily get groceries. I praised her for taking care of her father so well. She said it was her honor.
My daughter jumped up and grabbed the blue shirt out of her hand. She took off running down the hall while waving the shirt in the air. Nana chased her down, caught her, and tickled her until she laughed.
John was so sad he could barely get out of bed when the cat didn't come inside. After four days, his cat came back! John hugged his cat and gave him special food as a treat.
Since I didn't have time to stop, I asked him to call me later. He told me that he was in the same class. He was in the same degree program at the school.
The instructor forced Nancy to accelerate. Since she was nervous, she accelerated too fast. They ended up crashing into a pole in the parking lot.
Wendy got so happy, she tried to dance in the car. Her mom cheered for her loudly. Wendy sang loudly in the car with her mom.
As she entered she saw the band arriving early as well. They greeted Amy warmly and posed for a photo. Amy had a great time at the concert.
Her boyfriend would never take her to another superhero movie with him. Erin laughed louder and harder than anyone in the theater ever did. She decided they would give romantic comedies a try.
He leaped forward when he saw a cat. He ran a few blocks away and I lost him. A couple of days later, he showed back up at my front door.
The little kids wanted to play with them. The two kids were happy to have more people. The kids ended up having a great time.
So she had her lawyer read the proof of her husband. The lawyer looked at the pictures and video of him meeting different women. The lawyer took the evidence to the judge to begin a divorce.
They thought  the zoo would be more fun. They arrived at the Zoo together. Haley was sad she had to visit the Zoo
She took him on many adventures. Jane loved him very much. Jane was never bored again.
It began raining outside and they were happy. They all put on their jackets and went outside. The Johnson family had a puddle splashing fight.
They kept buying beer and Tim drank a little too much. He became drunk and his golf game was awful. Tim missed a lot of easy shots that day.
But he was able to open the door. Gina's mom saw the dog. But Gina's mom changed her mind and kept him
The market was full of energy. He tried lots of good food. He was glad he went for a walk.
She met with the owners, they brought out lots of animals. They explained to her that a parrot is a lifetime commitment. Lindsay left without giving away her parrot, deciding that she should think on it.
She couldn't focus without sleep, so she visited the doctor to sleep even more. Her doctor prescribed her with insomnia medication. The medication worked, and Nancy was now sleeping more than she should.
At the gym, he met a girl who he was attracted to. They talked for an hour and had a lot in common. Dan asked her on a date and afterwards they started dating.
One time they were at a chess match with other families. They lost horribly in front of many people. That's why they hate playing games.
We planned to go during recess. All of our friends were outside so we had privacy. Then we had a small peck.
Kevin and his wife liked the same name. They asked a mutual respected acquaintance for his opinion. He liked the same name they had picked.
Bob and Emmie saw the biker fell down. Emmie helped the biker get up. The biker falls and gets a bloody nose.
To make up for it, every night she carried her for hours, singing and playing One day, her daughter smiled for the first time - at her teacher. Lara cried all the way to work.
He pretended he wasn't afraid. When it was time to sleep Amy's brother was scared to go into her room. He fell asleep hiding under his bed with a flashlight.
He passed the phone to a guy who started arguing. Charles told this guy where to meet for a fight. That guy punched Charles in the mouth so hard he needed stitches.
When they finally loan him enough he goes to the car dealership He buys a new car. He drives his buddies around in his new wheels.
The two gates were on opposite ends of the airport. We had plenty of time to get across the airport. It turned out our connecting flight was delayed!
John's father can't taught John how to wire together the parts. It took all weekend to find the parts but they finished the robot! John and his father happily watched the robot move around.
However, Billy loved how it felt to jump. One day he jumped from a tree and broke his arm. From that day on, his friends decided to tell Billy's story about jumping from trees as a warning to others.
However, her mom discovered that many girls her age were in the class. She decided to make the instructor let Faith take lessons with her sister. Tomorrow is Faith's first dance class and she feels swell!
Later on though, she changed her mind, and when it arrived, she followed the directions on the kit. The sea monkeys hatched and swam around their bowl. As Junie bent to see them, she knocked the bowl over.
Ana was warned when she got there, so she made sure to wear long sleeves and pants. She also wore a mesh face net so no mosquitoes could touch her. Ana stayed safe and did not get bitten on her vacation!
But, her calf cramped up and would not loosen up. The trainer had to give her icy-hot to help. Bess was not able to perform.
When he was young it did not affect his health to much. His doctor warned him that all that drinking would catch up to him. Now my dad has liver disease caused by heavy drinking because he did not stop soon enough.
Her sister Jess decided to help. They spent four hours putting up wallpaper. Now her house looks like it should be in a magazine!
Her friend Mary helped. Gina wanted to make sure her speech would be as good as Mary's. She realized she had better do her research.
Tim was terrified of the massive audience. Thankfully though, he didn't miss a beat. He ended up doing great.
They couldn't afford much so Amy decided to cut down one herself. It took her hours to learn how and then cut it down. On Christmas, the tree was perfect.
The produce was all buy one get one free all day. She wouldn't normally spend so much at a time. But, she decided to buy tons of produce just for the value.
He practiced martial arts for years. Finally, he reappeared, and eventually he moved back near Dan. Bill confronted Dan and resolved their past issues.
We ended up bored and talked each other back into biking instead. On our bikes, we enjoyed the feeling the wind on our faces. Suddenly, my tire popped and we had to go back home.
Thus, I ate drank raw vegetable salad that was blended. It gave me a terrible upset stomach. I realized that in Sri Lanka I should only eat cooked food.
Benny's owner played with him. The dog sniffed around and looked for his bone. Eventually his family found his bone.
Just as he was about to give up it had happened. John quickly loaded up the car and started to drive. He drove to his favorite picnic spot with his family.
She looked over the list of movies that were playing at a different theater. She decided on an action movie. Anna watched the movie, and she loved it!
Her friends talked her out of that, and Sara went on the date and had a great time. She and the guy went on more dates and began a relationship. After 6 months Sara found herself accepting a marriage proposal.
John fixed his defective headphones. With the money he spent, John couldn't buy a better pair of headphones. John enjoyed his now functional headphones.
Michael brought his family inside as they were finished. Suddenly, a small farmer began chasing the animals, apologizing. The animals took off and Michael brought his family back outside.
She walked out of her house. The neighbors asked the little girl to help them. The little girl went and helped the neighbors.
I decided to get involved anyway. I joined the fight. I got detention for participating in the fight.
I took my car instead traffic was clear and I was able to reach move smoothly. I arrived at my friends house. He gave me a pat on the back.
He grabbed the propane tank out of the garage. There were no hoses with it, though. He went to look for one, but it was awfully difficult in the dark.
The new girl, Ann, let Julie to be her friend. Ann and Julie instantly got along. They became best of friends.
He then took off and she was searching for him. Later on that day someone was knocking on the door. It was the neighbor who found the dog down the street.
After a week the bananas were almost gone. I didn't want to buy more and waste money. I saved the over ripe bananas and made fresh banana bread.
At his new school, the instructor announced that they have reading sessions. Timmy became mad when he founded out that this class lasts all year. He slammed the door on the way out.
She had gone to the pool earlier in the day. A butterfly landed on her leg by a drop of water. It was drinking from the droplet on her leg!
But all Jenny could think of was riding that pink bike outside. Jenny promised her parents she would be safe at all times. Her parents saved up and surprised her with the bike.
Many people are complaining. They do not want dogs who chew bones for fun. Donna had to change what she gives her puppies.
Then he circulated and made conversation He was hoping everybody enjoyed themselves He was upset when everybody told him they were miserable and hungry.
I liked blueberries, too. I gave both a try. Actually, blueberries, raisins and honey with oatmeal was delicious!
Night after night the phone rang. Ray sat in class sad to not have her friendship. After class he started to speak, but she walked away quickly.
Jackson went to the doctor's office when he woke up He saw the doctor who examined him. The doctor gave Jackson some medicine to make him feel better.
After a month she decided to weigh herself. She held her breath nervously and looked down at the scale. In despair, she saw she had gained nineteen pounds!
He had gotten lost in the woods. They found him a day later. The whole town was relieved.
But there was nothing he could do about it. During break time, Juan yelled at his boss because he was gone He was immediately fired.
He said if he doesn't want to spend money, the car will run fine for a few months. A few months later, the mechanic told Tim it would cost six hundred dollars to fix. Tim was upset but paid it anyway.
I got unlimited bonuses. Then I got blocked for poor quality work. I am disappointed as my work had been rewarded.
It looked like it was made in the 1990s. The toy spun its legs fast when wound up. It sold for $52, making my sister in law happy.
She found out her mother wasn't that good at it. And it made her sad to tell her mom the how to sew. Her mother ended up learning knitting and was much better at it.
Other friends of ours had an outside wedding scheduled. But the weekend of the wedding it poured the whole time. They ended up having to get wood to cover the muddy lawn, so they weren't as lucky as our first friends.
Quincy asked if Rex could get him a job at the flower shop. Rex said that he could if Quincy was willing to work hard. The next month, Quincy began his new life as a florist.
Matt and his family sat down and ate the steak dinner. They ate until they were all very full. Matt was so full that he could barely move, but he was still happy.
She was hearing him say real words. She listened closely and heard him say "dog". She was so excited that he was saying words.
She starts her own restaurant and Rita's Pita becomes very successful. Rita enjoys her business and her pita bread. She is a world renown baker.
He was so tired that he didn't know how he was going to stay up for his son's play. He bought and drank an energy drink on the way home from work. He was then able to stay awake through the entire play.
A few people snickered. He turned to them and pointed out the pink frames on their glasses. The people realized they shouldn't be judgmental forever.
We stopped when he got in trouble. We started playing on the net for convenience. We played five games, each winning two and drawing one game.
Pat was an honest kid but he always approve their offers. Pat was taught to give into peer pressure sometimes. He was able to have a good time that night with alcohol.
Rita kept listening. Gina was upset about something their friend Mary had done. Gina told Rita about what Mary had done.
All of a sudden Jake's character froze when he was making a comeback. His controller's batteries had died. Tim still considered it a victory.
Later my mother looked in my throat and ears, eyes and nose. "You have strep throat, my dear', my Mom said. I didn't get to take antibiotics but felt better after a few days.
She saved up for months. After a while she had enough money. Sally now drives a brand new car!
It was not that hard to find her way. Halfway through, she started to see the exit. Jane finally stepped out of the tunnel into the sunlight with relief.
He noticed he tends to enjoy slasher movies more than any other horror genre. He thought of this as a profound life epiphany. He now thinks slashers are the best.
It was snowing outside and there was a blizzard. Still, Nik braved the weather and went to the grocery store. He bought his ketchup and had hot dogs for dinner.
They sat around Kevin's home and drank beer and cooked. Mandy hadn't heard from Kevin so she popped up at his house with Sarah. The three of them agreed to have a threesome.
Then, he manually cleaned every crevice of the filthy case. Next, Bob dried the case with a hairdryer. The case was now clean and ready to be used!
One day, a man came and asked Christy a question. Christy got mad and threw a hammer at the man. I fired Christy immediately.
He called his friend and asked them to join him. His friend told him of another new place in south downtown. He went with his friend downtown and had dinner.
After she told Beth about her meal Beth was silent. It turned out Beth hadn't ate today. Amy sat stunned in silence.
Next, the youngest also got the flu shot. Pam quickly got her flu shot as did her husband. Pam received the flu shot too late as she was the only one in the family to get the flu.
So she used money she had saved to buy her own telescope, and that night she wanted to try it out. Her dad set it up. Through the telescope she could see Venus.
He bundled up and went out to collect more wood. After finding firewood, he returned home and lit it in the fireplace. Finally, his house was getting even warmer!
His teacher gave him his motivation to join. He followed them and came up with a project. John placed third in the science fair.
It was the last game of the season. In the third quarter, he caught the ball. And ran it all the way to the end goal, scoring as always.
To cover the gap, he decided to use crowdfunding to fund his project. He set up a page and asked for donations. He got enough money to start his website.
They planned to go to Disney World instead Ruth and Henry pretended to receive some urgent news from home. They booked the first bus out went to Disney World.
But Lucy thinks that she needed to give the bag to the store manager. The store manager and Lucy looked inside the bag together. The brown bag was full of rocks.
They gathered their balls and ordered pizza for their lane. They finished one game and ate the pizza. They ended up having a fun night together.
I thought I would hate school. I received a poorly paying job and burned out quickly. My opinion now is that junior college is worth it.
At that moment, Sandy hit the trunk of a tree. Sandy was startled, but ok. Sandy realized that she could have died trying to talk and drive.
He did gambling. He never invested on anything. Bob was broke just six months after.
His last year of school he was approached by a international recruiter. Ben met all the qualifications and got the job. He did his first consult in Saudi Arabia and loved it.
Darius decided to ignore the warning. Sure enough, a jellyfish attacked Darius. Darius lived but had to have his leg treated.
He took out the pack of eggs. After cracking them and making a mixture and dipping the bread, he placed it on the stove. His hand ended up getting burned since the stove was hot.
He bought himself a lotto ticket. Dave won a million dollars! Dave invested his money into a high interest savings account.
He stayed in a hotel with an amusement park inside. He played on the arcade games while he was there. He didn't win anything, but he came home the next day.
Quickly, she left the cab. The cab crashed into the car in front of them. Thankfully the cab driver was okay though.
As Dj bent down towards the tub his robe string was trapped under the toilet seat. Dj made a disgusted expression as he jerked it out. He was thankful he'd recently cleaned his toilet!
Then I missed the bus to school. My mom had to drive me in her car. I made it to school a little late.
I still wanted to get back at Sally so late that night I snuck into her house. I spotted the bag of marbles hidden in her closet. As soon as I grabbed them I beat a hasty retreat!
She could use her toothbrush the next day. Abbey asked her parents to take her to Wendy's for a frosty. The cold ice cream felt good on her gums.
I decided I needed really life changes. I put the plastic spider in the trash. To my surprise, I saw it later when my brother changed his mind and pranked me!
She was very excited to have a clean yard. Unfortunately a snake that had slithered into her bag struck her. Because of that incident she will always be suspicious of leaf bags.
He sometimes bought home sensitive work documents. Sam thought he should buy a paper shredder to be safe. Sam used the shredder on every document and felt smart to do that.
I went and visited two beaches close by on the Gulf of Mexico. Eventually the peaceful vacation erupted in a physical altercation, when I got into a drunken argument with a stranger. I took a cooling off period from alcohol and returned to Boston.
She wanted to be on this kind of event again. She spent the whole night talking to the boy he likes. Eventually her sister took her home after twelve.
Tim wondered why it had taken so long. Then he saw the calendar. It was a holiday the day before, so mail was backed up.
Her first event was the floor and she got a score of two. Next she performed on the bars and got hurt. She left with no gold medals.
One friend said to use a baby wipe to clean her face. Another said body wash. She ended up getting the gum off her face!
She picks out an outfit and prepares to go to the party, but doesn't want to. However, she realizes it is so cold outside she cannot go anywhere. Gertrude feels happy to miss seeing her friends because of the weather, even though she won't admit it.
One day Brenda was getting the mail, and her husky gets the mail for her. Brenda spent all day playing with her dog outside. She finally was able to teach the dog new tricks using food.
His elbow accidentally ended up hitting a large trophy. It fell on the ground and was split into pieces. Andrew's dad got furious when he saw everything.
When she got there, she noticed a man standing in her place. The substitute teacher introduced the man as the model for the class. He stood up and dropped his robe, revealing he was naked!
The log was eventually cut up into firewood, they were really sad. Jane and Fred got married and cut down a tree in the back yard. Now they have their log again when they want to get away.
He  packed the car with his bags. Brandon got in the car and took off. After 12 hours, Brandon arrived at his destination.
Then she held her hand out. Butterflies avoided landing in her palm! Ava was so disappointed she cried.
The robot took too long of time and effort. In the end, they pulled out.. Their rival school's robot made it into the final round!
She hadn't realized the cookie had pecans in it! He had to be rushed to the emergency Vet because of his allergy. So happy he recovered, she wasn't sad about missing the party.
His human mommy found him chewing away on it. She took it away from him and saw it had a human leg bone in it. The police came and found a full human corpse in the neighbor's yard.
It was deeper than expected and wouldn't stop bleeding. A simple adhesive bandage did nothing to help. He had to go to the hospital and get stitches.
Sam thought that his days of playing football were over when he lost his ball though. A nice man came along and gave Sam a brand new football. Now, Sam has a football that is better than ever.
He decides to hide and wait for the unusual cat to come back so he can get a picture. He falls asleep under a tree. The cat lays next to him under the tree while he's asleep, so he doesn't get the picture.
He instead cycles for five miles and his legs get sore. Jason has to rest for a while. Finally rested, Jason bikes home.
Alison tripped and fell down. Alison's knees were scraped and bleeding. Jason carried Alison home.
They were 10, they could handle it. When they left the theater they were bored. The movie had been rated R for no good reason.
Randy went to order a sub after resting in the morning. When he tried to eat the sandwich, his mouth had a lot of pain. He decided to call the dentist for telling him that it wouldn't hurt.
He wound up making a bigger mess and getting in trouble. It actually took longer. Ken decided to keep up with his chores.
She decided to use her new coffee filter. The coffee filter worked perfectly fine. Sue decided to regularly buy coffee filters.
It must have been going 20 miles per hour. Ralph's wife called the wildlife protection from her cell phone. Miles down the road, they saw they had caught the poor guy!
He was paying two hundred dollars a month for it. He still had trouble paying his other bills. He decided to give up the car so he could live better.
Before he had, several had managed to get inside of his pants. They were biting his legs. Ultimately he had to dive into the water.
Since then, I have watched all his shows and movies. I had prayed that one day we would meet again and end up marrying. I mourned for the man who made my heart go pitter patter.
He was not tired He looked at his phone for over an hour not wanting to sleep. His dad came in and took his phone and he fell fast asleep
Olivia was happy. The doctor recommended to keep doing what they were doing. The baby remained healthy.
It took 6 months for her to sleep peacefully. It is a 3 bedroom 2 bath house. They live there and are very happy when her sleeping cycle returns.
Later that day there was a drawing for a $50 gift card at work. There were over a hundred employees entered but Ben won! He gave money to the beggar the next time he saw him.
He instead went into stock trading and became rich in months, buying cars and expensive things. A few months later the house market crashed. Eddie was glad he didn't purchase any properties because he would have lost all of them.
Last Friday, he decided to go to another car show. At the car show, Jim was able to see a lot of concept cars. Jim was happy he was able to attend.
Cold foods gave him headaches. Dan didn't like headaches. He refused to eat cold things.
Laura started pestering Kim to follow up with the teacher. She nervously waited for the report cards to be issued. When Laura finally saw it, she was very relieved to see all A's.
So he wrote a computer program Over time, the program became very elaborate. And Rob ended up acting like a robot.
Ben still wanted to watch Youtube videos in order to learn what to do to make the best turkey. He followed the videos exactly. The deep fried turkey was a hit at Thanksgiving dinner.
It is hard to watch the movie with her because she is spoiling it. I asked her politely to quiet down. She got angry and stormed away.
Larry replied that Linda didn't have to do it. Linda went anyways.. Linda returned and found Lary's watch too.
She saw a squirrel. Cindy walked off her leash so she could get the squirrel. Jeff leashed his dog Cindy again.
Katy knew that she would find success elsewhere. Katy trained hard and became a trainer. She scored first in her class and was the top trainer at the gym.
But eventually, he made plenty of new friends. However, he was still home sick to the core. He decided to quit his internship and head back home.
Finally his friend recommended a new allergy medicine so he could try a Honeycrisp apple. Fred started taking the medicine and was amazed by how delicious the apple was. He decided from that day that he did not hate fruits.
The dog kept coming back on a daily basis. Lou decided to take the dog in as a pet. The dog has been Lou's best companion since.
It was meant to keep his family fed. The crops included things like tomatoes, peanuts, and corn. The garden did not give subsistence the family.
Cora decided she didn't needed to pare down some of the purchases. She still cut her budget down by a third. Now Cora could afford to buy everything on her list.
She yelled at herself for being forgetful. Her mother stopped her tirade. To Gina it looked like her mom was taking her feelings into consideration.
She then dropped it in water and tried to dry it out in rice. She finally told me about it when it wouldn't turn back on. She was thankful when I told her that I have a warrantee.
They could have sampled many different wines. But then Ed had to stop thinking about it. He was feeling very sad!
Today, he was able to climb to the second highest spot on the list. He beamed at his success, but was indifferent with being number 2. He continued playing eventually getting the highest record.
They do lots of rides and games as soon as they get there. Joe spends all his money the first day he is there. The rest of the trip he has to hang out by the hotel pool.
Julio searched far and wide for a fried chicken restaurant when his mom died. A new fried chicken restaurant opened in his home town. The new restaurant was just as good.
Fay bought butcher paper to tape to the walls at the child's height, so the toddler wouldn't mark the walls anymore. After a lesson in where to color, the child took to marking the paper. Now both Fay and her daughter are both satisfied.
She did her best to hit the pins, but had lost all her skills. At the end of the game, she checked her score. Surprisingly, Nala had come in second place, but not first!
Sam refused to call 911 and asked someone to drive him. He didn't want to pay the expensive charges since it was false alarm Sam made it to the hospital with the help of a friend.
Later, she complained that her services and scone were bad. So the manager gave her a discount. Sarah felt good about being exploitative.
Since Chantel's windows were not tinted, the woman can see her. She spent approximately 3 minutes staring her down. Eventually, she drove off when the light turned green.
She went to the store intending to get a stone. A gorgeous ring caught her eye. She bought it and added it to her collection.
So he immediately applied all over town for all sorts of jobs. He finally got an interview with a bank! He passed the interview and was offered a job as a bank teller.
I stood by the doors in the freezing cold to get signatures from people. By the end of six hours of work, I collected over thirty signatures. My employer was extremely proud of my hard work!
The man shouted to him that he had lost his wallet. He didn't have money to get back home. Ed gave him bus fare so he could get back to his family.
He had been looking forward to the visit for a week. She was excited since she hadn't seen her friend in years. Her friend was so happy to see her.
Eventually the next day I waited 30 minutes before a manager came out. The manager said that he would be giving everyone a $100 credit. I ended up getting helped and an extra credit on my bill!
They waved and I invited them over. When I told them I was breaking camp they offered me a lift. The boat had plenty of room for all my stuff.
After a few minutes, he would come back in and hop on the bed because of the unlatched door. He would sit on the bed until I finally got up. This continued until the day he came back in with a dead chipmunk.
She was able to sleep well at night. It was hard work taking care of a baby. She got better at caring for the baby everyday.
Finally, the baby fell asleep in a semi-sitting position on the couch, so she could do her work. Kelly was relieved to see that the child wasn't coughing. She decided to leave the child where she was.
She went to the bakery and found ones she liked. When she finished she felt very bad. Sadly she realized she had eaten too many!
He drove to the bike shop. When he was done his wallet hurt. He thought the pain was worth it though.
Jan's dad called his daughter downstairs so she could help. The girl agreed and helped. The girl, both plain and homely, looked after the store.
They were making fun of Amanda, saying she looked like a disco dancer. Amanda, who had a sense of humor, knew she was dressed flamboyantly. As she got off the bus,  she did a few disco moves to stun the women.
Sam convinced her to finally adopt a little girl from China. It took 3 years for her paperwork to go through but finally it did. She brought Sam a little sister named Xiao.
Everyone within the company still wanted Adam. After much backlash, Adam was brought back and given his old job. Everyone else was very pleased.
The baby woke up and began rolling around near a blanket. Soon, he ended up with the blanket wrapped around his head. Olivia had to get up and unwrap him.
When Bob killed his second wife police finally catch him. He is sentenced to death. He still claims his innocence right as he is to be executed.
She changed her mind and decided she would find out why he hadn't called her. When Ray entered, he was nice and acted as if nothing happened. Amy was more confused than ever.
Instead, they compromised, so Tom and his parents found a dog online and picked it up. When they brought it back, Tom took a nap with it. When Tom woke up, the dog was nowhere to be found anywhere.
He saw a large fin breach the water. The boy told his friends to swim as fast as they could toward shore. They finally made it to the beach safety away from the shark.
Little Kayla peacefully slept in her bed. Her aunt checked her. Aunt Becky kissed Kayla goodnight.
I then tried it again and yanked it so hard that everything went flying. At that moment my wife walked into this situation. She laughed at my mess and told me to clean it up.
Steele  watched as his team practiced , while he sat tirelessly for a month. On the day of the big game, Steele was cheering the team on. Steele watched as his backup kicked the winning goal for his team
Helen's mom was cooking at her house and she was amazing. She baked a pie today and the smell was intoxicating. Helen was finally able to taste the pie and it was sensational.
They asked their mom if they could borrow another one from the library. She said yes and drove them to the local library. Heather and Brian borrowed a new game and had a great time playing it!
I immediately put on my workout clothes. I drove to the gym. I began a new workout regimen to gain some muscle.
The next day she got it fixed, and then she began to run with it. But there was no wind at all! Ana couldn't get her kite off the ground.
As she rounded the corner she saw a line for the soda cooler. She was sleepy and really didn't want to wait. She rolled her eyes, and got in the line to wait.
Finally, it was December 24th, his last work day for the year. He spent a lot of time that day preparing things for his absence. He left the building whistling a tune, excited to go home and rest.
One day, Tom was found to cheat at the game. Tom lied and lied, when everyone knew the truth. Now, the mark of "cheater" also followed Tom around.
I ran as fast as I could. Before I knew it I get hit by a car. I ended up falling flat on my face.
He saw that a tree had fallen and smashed his shed when he woke up in the afternoon. He called some friends over to help him fix things up. They moved the tree and fixed the shed.
On the drive home we had to drive by the Atlantic. That drive was more depressing than usual. We wanted to jump out of that car and go swimming!
She finally decided to thank him last Tuesday. She went to the car wash and got his car washed. By the end it looked different and her boyfriend liked it.
Shayla was happy to see her sister at the store. They took a picture together. Shayla looks at the picture to remind herself of good memories.
One day, he heard about policeman training. He passed by a gruesome accident. He decided he no longer wanted to be a cop.
She spent a lot of time looking through portfolios of photographers. Jasmine finally decided on one to hire. The photographer made her picture-ready for her big day.
I thanked the neighbor when he stop. He said no problem. I didn't filed a complaint with the homeowners association.
She felt weird the whole time. When she went back upstairs, she felt like she was getting a cold. Tori decided that she was going to wear more layers next time she walked her dog in the basement.
I grabbed him, which was wrong. He growled at me then ran away I threw him a bone and he was happy.
When he walked in the arcade next door, a pinball machine caught his eye. He walked up to play it, and happily put all of his quarters in. Suddenly, the game jammed and Dale lost all of his money.
It drove perfectly. Three days later, the car had stalled. Jenny's happiness faded quickly.
The trip was still going to happen as I caught the next flight. I had to be rushed to the next gate. Thankfully I was on time but it was still scary.
Sam said that he would make a fire anyway to keep animals away. The friends gathered sticks for him. Sam stacked the sticks and lit them on fire.
He gave my friend an F on the exam although he aced it. I tried contacting the school staff to report the issue. They believed my story and investigated the scene.
After finding it, he started reading the lyrics. He found the song lyrics through Google. Bryan was happy so he bought the song through itunes.
I stayed outside my house longer than I planned. When I got to the bus stop the bus was already gone. My kids were waiting for me at home when I walked in the door.
The building had been made a long time ago and was really special. He and his neighbors decided to protest. Slowly but surely, the police officers stopped the people from entering the property.
But when they arrived, they were still too spicy! Nita could hardly eat them. She wished she had not ordered them even milder.
Him and his wife loved the trip. Once they get to Geneva, they shop and have a good time. When it's time to leave, they decide to take a boat again.
She ordered it that day. When the employee came she was thrilled. She immediately used it.
She paid for her table. The deliverers brought the table to her apartment. She sat at the table and admired its comfort.
It would let you sit in a chair. I tried to sit down in and it licked me. I pet the cat in the room.
The squirrel had no owner. Alex went around the neighborhood looking for a potential owner. When no one claimed him, he had to take him to the wild.
Kim denied it vehemently. They went back and forth for 15 minutes. Eventually, Amy hung up on Kim.
But his mom came over, so he went to the grocery store and bought rice, vegetables, and meat. Over the next few days, he decided to cooks at home a lot. Larry is happy that he is going to cook for his mom.
Then he ignored the phone ringing. He knew he shouldn't work when he was distracted. Chuck submitted the final hit hoping they would load again soon.
On Monday, she arrived at the pedicure place and picked out a color to use. The ladies prepared her station and she sat down and put her feet up. She enjoyed being pampered while they took care of her feet and legs.
Johnny tells Molly to ride the one that goes upside down first. On the rollercoaster, Molly is so scared that she gets sick. Molly puked all over Johnny!
He had enough money and he put in an order for the bike. He arrived at the store, but the bike was so small. In the end he realized that it wasn't the right bike for him.
One day he had a terrible argument with his parents. Percy stopped talking to his parents. Everyone was quite upset for a long time and never made up.
Travis decided to jump in the lake. He was very hot from the warm weather. He stayed in the lake because of how hot he was.
Suddenly she saw the rocks quickly fall. She knew that was the sign of an impending rock slide. Her family alerted the staff and ran for cover.
Her friends promised they would buy tickets too. However, the concert sold out and they did not. Sally ended up only going with 3 other friends.
Sally let her friend copy her test the next day on top of that. They both got caught The principle gave them detention for a week.
Emily shook as she stepped out onto the stage. She saw a crowd full of smiles the moment the lights turned on. Smiling back at them, Emily gave a great performance.
He was so bored  sitting down for a long time. Then, he spotted a football game on TV. He kept himself entertained watching it until his bus reached the destination.
At first she felt sad she didn't fit in with the other girls. She decided to go inside and focus on the cooking instead of them. After 45 minutes she had forgotten they were there.
But then he had a bigger problem when he couldn't find his hat, so he looked all around the sheets and blankets for it. Cal couldn't find it anywhere! Then he spotted it on the floor under the bed.
They died the next day. Someone had sprayed chemicals inside her house. They were able to kill all the termites.
He checked the dryer just because and there  was a wadded-up hundred dollar bill in the dryer! Ben looked around, but no one else was there. He shrugged and pocketed the money happily.
My other friends bought the rest of the food for us to taste. Unfortunately I ended up dropping the real hot dogs. So we had to all eat tofu instead!
Eventually, the goldfish died from hunger. Her parents rushed to replace the goldfish Terri never found out until she was an adult.
My friends and I climbed on top of the roof on a different trip. My friends jumped, and then it was my turn. When I walked to the ledge, I slipped and fell off.
He then goes back out later in the day and offers help to his neighbors. Fred spends all day shoveling driveways. At night he goes home and rests.
I hope he takes me to get some ice cream after. We usually go to the zoo but not today. I love spending my days with grandpa.
When she agreed, he told her what he wanted. The sister accidentally shaved a chunk of his hair out. Jason had to shave his head and it will take a long time to grow back.
Tim's friend informed him to look for a local dog whisperer Tim decided to take up running. Tim began running with the dog and they both began to feel happier.
He studied hard and eventually got his doctorate. He nervously confronted his parents and told them the truth. They said they didn't care and loved him anyway, despite him being a dentist
Susan wasted no time in trying to find him. She couldn't find any clue of where he'd gone. She had to quit her job to focus on the search effort full time.
It doesn't even bother him when the power goes out. When I get nervous, Teddy climbs into bed with me. There's not much sleeping with a 130lb dog on your head!
Eventually, she decided she wanted to help a child in America too. Jean then applied to adopt the first available child. Jean was thrilled when she was approved six months later to adopt again.
The only problem was I didn't know how to make that ban stick. I decided to try a Baptist church in my town one day. I loved it and will be going there for a long time, despite my old feelings.
The Camry lasted about seven years. We bought a Chevrolet for its reliability and low cost. My wife wishes we had automatic windows, though.
I bought a pack at the store and 5-6 people asked me for a piece. After giving out the gum, I had no pieces left. I eventually bought another pack.
He went back the next day and knocked on his boss's door, they both walked in and sat down. Michael was blunt, telling Jose that he was the best worker on staff. He offered Jose a vacant management position of which he accepted.
The kids just could really hit the ball that far. Then one day a ball zoomed past him. Fortunately his teammate was nearby and caught the ball.
He looks for a warmer that is high quality but not too expensive. Finally he buys a warmer that he loves. Now Jasper has nice warm hands when he drives to work.
Then she couldn't find her backpack. By the time she finally found it, she had missed her bus. Her father had to take her to school that day.
Jimmy rescued some bird eggs from the forest floor when he got up from tripping. He put them on top of a tree. The eggs eventually hatched a few months later.
Her mother choose a dress that was too fancy. Amy put the dress on anyway. Amy marched back upstairs and changed.
I tripped over a bag of cash on the ground. I decided to keep it. I felt bad about keeping it so I turned it into the police.
Jackie researched him and found out good things he did. She decided to not debate him in public. Her competitor won against her drastically.
Lucy sat down to dinner with her family. They were served beans and cornbread. Lucy, suffered through the dinner and asked to go back to Mary's..
She went to the elephant exhibit instead. There was a zookeeper feeding the elephants. Ally got startled when one of the elephants made noise with its trunk.
When he got to Texas, he didn't realize that the job was so boring. He struggled for nine months to find a new job. Then, he gave up and went back to Iowa.
She also started running in her neighborhood. She got tired after 2 blocks. Afterwards, she walked back home to rest.
He was told exactly what to play for each new song he created. This made him upset and he voiced his complaint to the band. The band wouldn't budge on the issue and he left the project.
Sam returned to his apartment and used the repellant. There were no more cockroaches. Sam was happy with the results that the repellent provided.
She wanted to get a better job in the medical industry. She got denied because they required a graduate degree. Jill eventually went back to school to try and get her masters.
One day though, he had to sell his sailboat in order to get the got money for a houseboat. The second he put it in the water it sank. Jim left the water for good after that.
That night, Tyler's parents reviewed all the people he's been around. Tyler told them he's been around too many people. They gave him some Benadryl, and told him to avoid contact with everyone for awhile.
Ben met a girl that loved to bike. She made Ben promise to do the Tour de France together. Today, Ben is cycling in his very first Tour de France.
His food came out cold though, despite the good service He went home and gave it a bad review online. It wound up hurting the business.
Tom replied, but Adam said he was tired and would reply in the morning. Adam went to sleep Adam texted Tom in the morning.
But after a few minutes, she dozed off. Tina woke up hours later to see that it started raining. She was very angry at herself for falling asleep!
Kayla searched all the stores she could think of, and went online. Finally she decided to give her mom a trip to Maldives Kayla's mom loved the gift and excited for the trip.
Molly's mother bought pink cotton candy for them to share. Beth bought a goldfish and Molly bought a stuffed bear. It was a fun-filled day that the two girls would remember.
Dominic jumped up and down fake screaming and terrified him. That caused Jack to unlock the door and afterwards Dominic tickled Jack until he cried. Brotherly love is a funny thing!
Jeff bought a cat. Jeff named the cat Henry. Jeff no longer felt lonely.
Halfway down the aisle, Jay saw a carton of cookies. He asked his mother vehemently for them. She finally caved in and bought Jay the cookies.
I saw a fish jump in the rushing water. Further in the hike, I saw birds and a deer. I was sweating bad when I found my family at the end of the trail.
The final direction was to turn into a side of the road. When Kim turned it was a dead end. Her brother had given her horribly wrong directions.
The girls could not stop talking. Finally, the counselors tried to make them separate. Luckily they were able to come to an agreement.
The weather was so overcast that he did not get a very good view anyways. He decided to take a picture of the scene anyway, though he wasn't in the best place. After taking the photo, he began to hike his way back.
She slowly edited it and worked on it for years. She finally finished at the end of college. She hopes to be a popular fantasy author.
She kept it bandaged for 2 weeks. She decided to look at it in the mirror again. The wound had healed, but there was now a long scar.
Today, it jammed anyway and burned my toast! It filled my whole kitchen with smoke. And, it set off the fire alarm.
So, we always go to the lakes. In 2010 we swam at Lake Cochituate in Natick. We both enjoy swimming in the still waters.
Their band director had died quite unexpectedly the night before. After much deliberation the students decided to perform in his honor. It was a very emotional experience for everyone involved.
He did not have any sand in stock. He had to order them from out-of-town. The children went an extra two weeks without a playground due to this.
She ignored the butterflies in her stomach as she got on stage. The lack of practice had hurt her and she danced horribly. She brought shame to her family's emblem on her skirt.
Instead they all met at the lake in the park. Soon they were kicking, splashing, and laughing. Ila and her friends had a fantastic time swimming together!
I decided to unloaded the four wheeler and put on my helmet. I rode through the track and had fun. I went back to the trailer and went back home.
Her husband decided on a caramel sundae, which she quickly ate. It looked so delicious when he brought it home. Iva ate the sundae right there in bed!
All of a sudden a bike comes out of nowhere and hits me. I roll up into a ball in pain then get back onto my feet. Fractured ankle and concussion, I still went to the Christmas parade.
She went to the gun store and bought the best gun they had. Jane then had a big water battle with her siblings. She won the battle!
We raced as fast as we could around the court. Finally I ended up winning. I was thrilled.
Those zoos decided to donate two of their tigers. When the local zoo received the tigers, one of them died. It was determined that the new exhibit should be shut down.
They both accidentally grabbed the remote at the same time to turn on the movie. Their grappling caused them to accidentally knock over the television. Neither of them got what they wanted, since that TV was now broken.
After locating the online guide, Mandy gathered the ingredients to start. Mandy decided to make several different colored lollipops. Mandy was happy that she learned how to make lollipops.
The police found someone's gun and gave them a ticket. I researched a citizen's right to own a gun. I learned I can own a gun but I need a permit for it.
It was a present from his parents. His parents sent him a brand new watch! John called his parents and thanked them.
He continued to ignore the warnings in secret. His mother then took him to the dentist. Cleo ended up needing six cavities filled at the dentist office.
As soon as I reached the nearest street to my house while pushing my bicycle, I saw a dog. He was running towards me. I walked more quickly to get away from him.
He was still excited to take his driving test. He passed on the very first try! He was overjoyed and got his license.
He got a bungalow on the beach. Every morning he watched the sun rise on the water. Malacca was a relaxing dream come true!
At last, she called on my name in regards to the test scores. She was amazed and recommended me to join the magnet program. I also received a small trophy for my good test scores.
We figured it would be warm enough. All of a sudden big freezing winds hit. We had to give up and wait until later.
I loved watching the re-runs on television. Thankfully the one I was hoping for played. I was thrilled.
The fudge was very delicious from the place next store though. It was so good she made her own. She wanted to make it everyday.
But Johnny walked up to her at her job and asked her for a drive. Julie accepted because Johnny had a luxury truck. They drove around because Julie didn't fight her feelings.
Unfortunately, at the new church, it turned out to be too conservative because nobody could take the host unbaptized. One day a couple debated letting their child take the host. They decided not to allow her.
A lady gave Michael poison. I prayed hard for Michael today. Michael just died.
I didn't know what to do so I stayed still. The cat ended up crawling off my lap. I smiled and fell back asleep.
They discovered it is best to just stay at home. One person had sleep all day. They both had a lot of fun.
His next trip, he wanted company, and he already knew Tim couldn't go, so John asked Bob. Bob declined. Ultimately, John didn't go because he didn't want to go alone again.
After replacing the bulb he accidentally broke his car window. Eventually he got everything fixed. But for the time and effort he could have paid a pro to do it cheaper.
He was used to a fast lifestyle and didn't want to be bothered. At one point he realized they had left. He had ignored them long enough that they went out on their own.
He didn't know if his family would be angry. Tim looked at the phone as he was supposed to walk across the stage. He heard his family calling happily.
He wanted to buy some food though. It turned out to be $8 for a tiny sandwich. He unhappily bought one.
John felt ignored. and got in trouble again. His parents eventually listened and shipped him off to military school. John hated it there but learned a lot of discipline at the school.
After many months, his chopstick skills suddenly improved. Now he can eat almost anything using chopsticks. Mortimer feels proud whenever friends see him using chopsticks.
Gina bragged that her older brother had this show on tape. Her friend didn't believe her and wanted to see the tape. Gina was too scared her brother would find out and be upset.
The owner of the Macau factory showed him around. Neil was impressed by the amount of work done there. He wrote a glowing article about the Macau factory!
On the way down he stepped on a starfish. He picked up the starfish and threw it back in. He enjoyed the sunset and felt good about what he had done.
But he still loved basketball more, so over the next year Dan practiced and worked extra hard. Dan went and did the try outs the next year. Dan was proud when he saw his name on the team's roster.
The tour operator warned them to closely guard their possessions. Just then, a thief came up and snatched John's eye glasses. Everyone in the tour group started to laugh at John.
One day, as usual, Erin decided to make a purchase. Phone in hand, she waited to see a product she wanted. Once the product appeared she purchased it as fast as she could.
She went to Walgreens and had them all put on 8 disks. She kept these at home so she could access them when the cloud was down. When she went to look through them, she found they were blank.
The boots were the right size, but too expensive. Amy asked if they had a sale. They cashier said they didn't and that she also was unable to hold them.
He read many online books, from many different genres. He finally decided on writing a mystery novel. The novel was very successful and acclaimed by critics.
His possession was to sell his mandalas. His brother got an idea of selling it online. It instantly hit the market!
She accidentally spilled her cup of milk, she moved a lot while sleeping. The babysitter smiled and clean it up. Jennifer had a good night sleep and wonder where her glass of milk was the next day.
During the reception, a muddy dog runs past and gets mud on the hem. Cindy immediately rinses it with cool water and gets the stain out. Cindy is relieved to be able to keep her pink dress.
Fred's dog wanted to play Frisbee and fetch with all of the other dogs! Soon, the sun started to go down. Fred commanded his dog, and they went home.
She still bought two bull dogs and the girl bulldog jumped a fence. She got pregnant with a basset hound. Now Debi has to try to sell other puppies.
She scrubbed the dishes! She cleaned everything. Lara was happy that her house ended up very clean!
I did my best to laugh it off. The rest of the people on the patio started staring at the shadow too. Finally, one woman in the back asked what I was staring at.
Clarissa was a single mom to a boy who loved the dog Sonny. Deborah and Eric were often afraid their grandson would be injured. They tried to convince Jacoby not to tease Sonny, but it didn't work.
But small bits and pieces disappeared each night, until she only had a roof. Lorelai sold her roof and made a fortune. She decided her next home would be made of wood instead.
The homeowner heard the commotion and demanded to know who'd done it. Tommy lied and said he didn't know. He felt so bad about lying that he then told the truth.
I enjoyed running the bases. I couldn't ever throw a ball from outfield all the way to home base. But now I am older and I just prefer watching others play.
He told the teller her that he forgot his check and wanted to deposit his check. Charlie returned and signed his check on the dotted line. The teller deposited the check for Charlie.
He demanded they take him to a cliff and let him jump. They were scared but he decided to let him jump anyways. The bungee cord snapped and Barry fell to his death.
They had hiked into the woods. They thought they had found the perfect spot when they pitched their tents. After it started raining they went home to go to sleep.
Kirk lost his balance and fell down onto the coals. The audience screamed, thinking he would die. Kirk caught himself with the palms of his hands and quickly pushed himself back up to avoid burns.
When Jack turns her down she threatens to fire Jan. Jack agrees with the job she offers to save Jan's job. But when Jan finds out what her boss did she quits her job.
He noticed his feet were sinking into the ground. Guy struggled to free himself from the quicksand. He grabbed a vine and pulled himself to safety.
Harry grew up playing  alone because he was so big. Harry eventually quit playing alone because he didn't like it. Harry wished he was smaller so he could have played soccer.
Then she thought of a solution She bought a big bug bomb, shut her door, and set it off in her room Within an hour every mosquito was dead and she wished she had thought of it sooner.
He was glad about that. He decided to live there for as long as possible. He loved his place.
I downloaded someone else's machine learning algorithm for poetry. After ninety days of learning, the program could write good essays. I used the program to write my college admissions essay.
She was so happy she hadn't called a locksmith. The locksmith would have been very expensive. Rachel happily closed her window and drove away.
That moment Chad told himself he will commit to bulking up. He started eating junk food and stopped exercising. The next time he weighed in he had gained 5 pounds.
Then his friends found a contest  to compete in. It was a hot dog eating contest! John ate one hot dog and won last  prize!
Jim said to skip the lettuce. The worker nodded and followed instructions. The worker finished the spinach salad and asked Jim if it was ok.
When the state championships came, Edward was thrilled to play. He managed to make the touchdown that won his team the game. Everyone agreed that Edward was the best player on the team.
One game he injured his leg really badly. He was told he couldn't play baseball anymore He decided to be coach instead and he is still very successful.
It was an amazing quality. Joe never even got a huge loan from the bank. After that he was able to make a great advertisement.
I looked everywhere for the perfect pair. Finally I picked some up at Best Buy. They were perfect.
No stores offered to double the value. I decided not to clip no more coupons. I am defiantly not a believer in coupons.
She gave out her application speech. A few days later a client called offering her a position. Marissa eagerly accepted the offer.
He unethically asked the IT department had to create credentials for his access. IT had Jim check to see if his credentials worked. His login did indeed work, and he was able to use the machine.
Maria told Tim they could still be friends. Tim moved to Alaska without any problems. Tim is now happy in Alaska.
That didn't work, so I sung it for my friends and family but they did not know it either. I searched through old CDs hoping I would find the song. I called a radio station, hummed them the song, now I know the song.
One Sunday we both had the flu and had to cancel our plans. He still managed to plan an in-house movie date. I enjoyed myself that night, he made me feel so special.
She went to the store to buy them and planted them right away. She watered them daily. They still died.
The cat then hopped on a tree and meowed because it was unable to get down. Laura called the fire department. A friendly firefighter was able to bring her cat out of the tree.
My favorite game was to jump off the porch and pretend I could fly. Chris sent me a friend request on Facebook today. I was sure he was going to be a pilot!
These I buried in the ground as proof of my territory. Then I constructed a house out of the old wood. The new fort is twice as good as the old treehouse.
He didn't like it anyway. As a result, she made him drink a lot of coffee. Finally, he grew sick of her and ran away from home.
One day Jenna's friend told her about a special free dance class. Jenna secretly signed up right away. She took the class covertly for a month and enjoyed it very much.
By accident, I interrupted him briefly. She decided to suspend me for a day. I became confused and decided to hit my desk.
In a last-minute panic about his future, Jackson stays up most of the night before his Chemistry test. He sleeps through his alarm. Now Jackson wishes he hadn't originally been so apathetic and missed the test.
As he picked up the dog he noticed that it's leg appeared to be broken. He took it to the vet and the vet put it's leg in a cast. Since the dog looked like a stray, Frank decided to keep it.
Her mom convinced her to try out again next year. She got prepared and her audition went perfectly. Sally got the lead role.
Her parents thought that was good. They told her to keep being an outgoing person. This made her feel even more happy.
Then he told her was going on a trip but didn't wan her to join. She was upset, took his door key, and then kicked him out. Three days later, Donald called after his wife begging to come back.
He knew he could only eat one, if any. He gave in, and ordered one. When Tom got home, he felt disappointed.
The next day, customers walked into her job five minutes before closing. They demanded lots of food and left a poor tip. She cried herself to sleep two days in a row.
John ran down the street looking for shade. Suddenly John saw a distant cafe that was open. John ran to the door but by the time he got there the business closed.
With the captain's odd idea, the ship sailed across the sea faster than anyone ever went. The captain then commanded a hard turning maneuver. The boat tilted hard but performed admirably throughout.
She wondered if she was missing something. She texted her husband. He texted her back with a list of things they needed back home.
Billy was lazy and walked away. Billy's dad brought up that he needed to wash out his cup. Billy could enjoy play time again after his chores had been done.
She decided to just try some fruit. She found that bananas in Ecuador were cheap and plentiful. Anna ate lots of bananas on her trip!
Despite her doubts, she worked hard every day to become a teacher. Then when she became one, she didn't quite like it anymore. She decided the best job for her was not teaching!
As soon as she woke up, she heard the street cleaners coming. She had remembered street cleaning day! She didn't have to move her car, though her neighbor had already gotten a ticket.
One day Rich decided to rob an elderly. He was stabbed in the process. Now Rich's robbing days are done.
Hannah was worried her friends might be annoyed she was bringing Kobe. However, Kobe was excellently behaved for the duration of the hike. Hannah was thrilled to take out her cat and be with her friends.
That one night she just didn't have the energy to battle her curls. In the morning, she feared her classmates would mock her wild hair. But to her surprise, she received dozens of envious compliments!
After sucking on the lollipop and getting home I wanted to throw it away. I went and opened the trash can. Inside the can was a mouse on a sticky trap wiggling around.
She had set a goal to finish in 30 minutes flat. She pushed herself as hard as she could the next year though. She finished the race in just a little over 29 minutes!
His friend texted him as he was leaving to the parade. His friend asked him if he was going to the parade. John said no so he didn't have to watch the parade with his friend.
He obtained a passport anyway. Then, he packed his bags and got his ticket. Because he planned well, he enjoyed helping volunteer for the people.
He was skeptical of writing a check. He took cash to the seller. The seller approved of the cash  and Tom bought it.
This year, she went to a different orchard. The orchard was filled with a lot of apples. Bella picked a whole bushel full of apples.
She would have preferred to clean the house to keep herself busy. She gave her husband instructions on how to prepare the baby's room. She did what she could to keep the house organized until the baby came.
He told me he made the swim team and they all shave. He said that having no hair on your body makes you swim faster. I respect Tom's commitment to the team.
I saw a deer on the side of the road. It was really pretty. I stopped and took a picture
He shaves his legs and finds that he can swim much faster. Phil now is one of the fastest swimmers in town. He is happy that he tried shaving his legs.
But Candy cared only for animals - she loved them so dearly. Then the women realized there was a way for both to be happy. Candy decided to go to college to become an animal rights activist.
He invited all his friends. On the day of the feast, it started to rain. They opted to set the food up inside instead.
The opposing team drove the ball to the hoop and got fouled with one second left. They went to the free throw line to take two shots. The person missed the first shot, but made the second to win the game.
The Bruins were losing, 2 to 1. They tied the game but the goal was overturned. We were angry because they went on to lose.
Each time she got a new one, she added it to the line. Soon, there was no room for Amy to walk. She slept on the bed, feeling resentful of the toys.
It was late and he had no bread. All he had in the pantry was just one piece of it. His creativity kicked in, he sliced it into two and add the excess toppings to the other half.
After work, Lisa went home to her four kids. Her house was messy and Lisa hated a messy house. She drank a five-hour energy drink and detail cleaned her home, and then she saw why her friend drank them so much.
She went to the drug store to buy more makeup, applied it and showed her grandmother. When her grandma saw her face she was angry. Her Grandma made Lucy wash the makeup off her face.
David returned home to call the mall and ask if it had been found. They said it was turned in so he went to pick it up. All the money was gone, they had stolen it prior to turning it in.
He ordered what he wanted. When the patties were done they dressed them with cheese and veggies. Then he ate the burgers
She tries everything to get the baby to go to bed. Finally, the baby falls asleep. Stephanie is happy to be able to sleep too.
When my hand touched the trash can, I flipped it over. I spilled trash everywhere and had to clean it up. When I was done cleaning it, I wanted to smoke another cigarette.
The parents got frustrated because they had bought her presents. They decided to give her one more chance. She didn't come and so they decided not to give her the presents.
He couldn't shoot spitballs at them and take their dolls. The girls were hiding from him so he can't always followed them. When he went to sleep the girls got revenge by putting makeup on him.
One day he confronted his fears, and climbed on to his roof and jumped off. He spread his wings and screamed that he was flying. Landing with a thud, Dan finally realized he could not fly.
Once Joe asked for something else, they tensed up. In addition, they didn't have that either. Joe argued about the ingredients and requested the manager.
In the video they were wearing hats turned backwards. Gina realized she didn't want to look like that. Gina kept her style the same.
She looked good on her costume. Her costume was the cutest of all. As a result Lisa got a lot of praises.
Jimmy always said mean things. Chad decided to forgive Jimmy. Now he can be friends on social media.
At the park he often sees many other people walking and running. He decides to visit the park more often. Andrew is happy that he has decided to visit his local park.
Joe wanted to help but didn't want to disturb the man. The next day Joe bought a ham and brought it to the homeless man. Joe no longer felt bad about the homeless man.
Chad went to a low-income dentist instead. Chad would have to get his tooth pulled. Chad was upset that he would have to get the tooth pulled.
They really liked me. One night I forgot they hated smoking. By the time I was halfway done with one I had been reminded that they don't like smoking.
She kept hearing an owl. She finally went to sleep at 4 AM. And saw an owl at her window when she woke up at noon.
Then, I lost my breath and collapsed on the ground. The ambulance removed me from the crowd. They immediately started to deliver fluids intravenously.
He couldn't stop playing scrabble! Stew grew up to be a scrabble champ as well! He loves it because it's easy to him.
So She entered a class to get better. She did a great job after that. She got first place in her class competition.
He always dreamed of creating a three story treehouse. Michael put all of his idea on paper to build it. Michael finally built the treehouse of his dreams.
David and his mom filled lots of balloons with water after the movie. The kids laughed as they brought out a giant bucket of balloons. At once, they began grabbing for balloons and throwing them outside.
Then we gathered some rocks again and painted them with many colors and decorations. When we were finished we tried to sell them to people driving by. We didn't sell any but we had lots of painted rocks.
One day her mom pulled out a pen from her pocket. This could stain all over everything. Melanie could ruined everything if her mom hasn't checked everything.
Lauren doesn't like movies but likes Larry so she is ok with it. Larry laughed loudly which made Lauren laugh as well. Now Lauren likes movies because they made her first date with Larry good.
They torture him for information. He never can confess because he refuses to give up info. He ends up dying.
But, her mom couldn't afford to live on her own, and had medical issues. Tara wanted her freedom, but loved her mom too much to abandon her. She hoped she'd be able to move once her mom got a better job.
However, the gym is awful. Mike stopped going to that particular one after a week. It just was not worth it to him.
John placed several handguns in his bag. However he accidentally kicked a grenade. It blew up in the middle of the equipment center.
She decided to vacation in New Zealand. While there, she realized she did not like it. Now she plans to stay in Australia.
However, one Sunday, she shuts off her phone and forgets about the report. She finds that she had less time then she had feared. Now Cornelia hates book reports.
They had been eating soda left on the steps. Gina's father was getting furious, which is why he put out the trap. Gina got in trouble for leaving soda on the steps.
He was excited to go buy them. But when he opened it, the package had a tear. Ian then reluctantly bought coffee beans online.
But one unusual day, they weren't getting along, and they shouted and argued all day long. Their mother got tired of listening to them and put them out. Now their family has what my Mom calls the peace porch.
He never wears Christmas sweaters and Christmas socks Last night, I  put up 3,000 Christmas lights without him. He really is our Mister Scrooge!
Finally she gave in and laid down for an hour. She woke up feeling refreshed and invigorated. Cat decided she wasn't too old to take a nap, after all!
Ali told Val to meet her at the bike rack for the fight. As she walked to her bike she saw Val waiting near it. Ali mustered her courage and hit the bully.
Every time light hit her eyes the pain increased though when it came back. She found out her sleep mask on and lay down. Kay ended up laying down 8 hours before the headache ended.
She spent the entire night at home getting restful sleep. She was able to turn in her essay in the morning. She felt accomplished immediately after she turned it in.
Joe made many batches of beer for other people after though. Joe's friends drank all the batches of beer he made. Joe's friends now have liver disease from drinking too much beer.
I proceeded to write the best story of all time to try to win back his favor. It included dragons and other mythical beasts. So the requester decided to give me a bonus.
It's an awkward situation. Someone told JJ about Sharon's gossip about him. JJ got mad at Sharon.
Down a street they never saw before they noticed a tiny park after they got done swimming. In the park was a pond that they sat next to until it was dark. From then on they visited that park every Sunday they could.
She realized she had no time to spare. She ran the rest of the way to work. She was embarrassed when she got there and realized it was her day off.
He saw some rocks slide down the mountain. The climber stood and slipped and fell with the rocks. A tree stopped the climber's tumble and saved his life.
Then she had to take a phone call, and when she returned, the chicken was burned. It ended up turning into hard pieces. She immediately took it out of the grill, but threw it away.
Then, she smelled that the sausage was expired. She brought her receipt back to the store. Luckily, they quickly gave her a refund.
My friends weren't able to draws theirs correctly. My teacher glanced at my paper. She told me I would get an F if I forgot my pencils again.
Then his mom hired a private tutor. She helped Mark study each and every day. With her help, Mark returned to school and improved his grades dramatically!
Tom ignored the advice. Tom and the girl no longer got along and it made things awkward at work. Tom wish he had listened to her advice.
He liked her at first too. Then he decided he needed space as well. He finally talked to her again after 4 days, but she still found him annoying.
The cavity was fixed, and at Lily's next visit, the dentist examined her teeth and pronounced her cavity-free. She took a free toothbrush and made her next appointment. Lily left with a clean smile and a sense of relief.
They snuck on, and dug a bunch of holes in the ground. There was treasure buried in the holes. The guys became very rich from the treasure.
She brushed her teeth. She climbed into bed. Before falling asleep she feverishly remembered to put on her pajamas and set her alarm clock for the morning.
She ordered it online, and it looked delicious on the photo. Then she realized it's not tasty. It was easy to order, but it is not a delicious food!
He submitted his law school application instead and got an interview. He prepared for the interview and felt at ease. He got into law school and became a successful lawyer.
But she wasn't paying attention to the grass. And she tripped on a rock hidden in the grass She cried all the way back home ten blocks away.
However, he changed his mind after knowing that his assignment is to use a new camera. He dressed nice and smelled good because he knew he'd need Christina. But Christina didn't help him because he looked and smelled nice.
We went to a local movie theater together. We won the free tickets! It was a great experience.
Her father spent hours working with her to complete the task. Taylor turned in the assignment to her teacher. She received the highest grade in the class.
But it took long enough where he had to use instant coffee. He had more than enough time to make it. However, he missed the taste of real coffee.
Gina was upset because she had work. She took a long time to get there because she was enjoying the sun. Gina knew she was going to be late and was upset.
The umbrella was thing, and she still ended up with a terrible sunburn. Her skin was very painful for several days. She always wore sunscreen after that day.
Tim was present on the most important day of construction. If everything didn't go perfectly he was going to lose his job He was very nervous, because he had lost the plans.
They went on a hayride, too He even got to pet some baby goats. When he got home from school he drew a scary face on his apples.
He ate too much and got up to vomit in the bathroom. For the remainder of the day, he was vomiting. He couldn't digest anything.
She decided to sign up for lessons on top of that. She took the 3 week course and could now swim better. Jill showed off her swimming skills to her friends when they met back up at the pool.
Ben swerved his car to see the deer! The deer bounded away from the woods. Ben missed seeing the deer be a few seconds.
He never missed the ball every time he swung. He practiced really hard after the last game that his team lost. The next game, he scored a home run and was the reason his team won.
Bill gets a second chance when someone hires him. Bill's starts a business later, and it  becomes successful using exclusively ex cons. Bill even wins a community service award
Then one day he decided to fight his bully. He turned and stood his ground bravely. To his shock, his bully turned and fled!
The other dog hadn't even stopped, when he'd seen how badly he'd mauled Vera's dog. Vera put together a funeral fit for a person for her dog. She buried him under the peaceful branches of the silver birches.
He dumped out the water and filled them with sand instead, then took the buckets home. In Dave's backyard was a square wooden box in which he dumped sand. Now Dave had a proper sandbox with real beach sand.
She was just joking to get him to calm down. They all arrived at the restaurant at the same time and Jake introduced himself to her parents. The dinner went well, Becky's parents loved Jake.
So Jake thought of making  dinner for his mother instead Afterwards, Jake surprised her with a bouquet of roses. Jake's mother thanked him for being so generous.
She found out it was a mouse and not her son so she laid down a trap. Sam heard a loud snap. She tossed the dead mouse into the trash.
She didn't like making decisions. The man working at the counter saw her struggle. He gave her a sample of a new flavor for free.
When she tried them on the next ones they sent, they were too big. She had to call them and send them back again. Luckily, she was able to get the right size on the third try.
He was sad to see that it decreased with value over time. He sold the stock a week later. He bought a cheeseburger and fries since he had no money.
She was out of pancake mix! Then she thought of a great substitution - almond flour! She used gluten-free almond flour and made delicious pancakes!
They girls searched for the dolls in the house. They quickly got tired of searching. The girls went to play back out into the yard.
She wanted to buy her first house. Her parents sat her down and told her of house responsibilities. She decided it was way too much and she should wait to buy.
I want to have an active dog. One that I can take on hikes with me. I'm going to get a new puppy.
Then Bill met with an appraiser. Bill was shocked when the appraiser told him the value. Bill was told the watch was worth over $1 million dollars!
McKenzie never fell in love with the art of sewing. She instead began to paint at home and made original pieces. McKenzie began to sell her original pieces.
I had to decide between two pairs of shoes. Black or Red? Finally I decided to go with red.
She ran so that the man could not catch up with her. A friendly officer saw her hand shaking, and looked up at her. She decided she would ask the officer if she could be walked home.
She is good in teaching English. Joeldeen was one of the best teachers. She ended up producing the most bright students in English.
He was relieved that he didn't have to camp. He was scared he would have embarrassed himself He would never try again
He decided to have a garage sale. His sister helped him price and set everything up. He ended up making barely any money from the sale.
I brought up a list of Insurance Companies on the internet. The one I contacted required $50. I paid the fee and now I am a Notary Public.
When he exited the car someone saw that he was in a handicapped space. They complained and Russ ran back and looked for another space. He found an open space much further from the entrance.
One runner  got cramps on the ground and tripped the other. They both  rested on the ground. They rested for a few second before they drop out.
Late at night t, the mom went out and got drunk. Cassidy wasn't used to being around that when the mom came home and was uncomfortable. She decided to go home right then.
His friends said she will come to his house on Valentine's Day. On V-Day, his friends came to his house and revealed it a prank. Jon angrily kicked his friend out and threw the flowers out.
She had eaten way too much raw meat, and it made her sick. After it came back up she began to feel better. No longer full and sick, Gina was now hungry.
One day, during his shift, they were robbed. The owner was an officer and he arrested the culprit. Now Jim is forever grateful that he look for a job instead of stealing.
That's because people would ask how many languages Rachel speaks. Rachel is tired of explaining what Linguistics is. Rachel is only fluent in English.
It was a really funny joke, some kids didn't really like Donald. One kid complained because his house was nearby. Another kid complained because Donald didn't wipe his butt.
She didn't even hear her family leave for church. She was afraid that her boss would be mad at her. She couldn't believe that her boss was late as well!
This year I invited Mary to come to my house for Thanksgiving. I was so happy to instead hear that she would be on a holiday. She had a wonderful time enjoying the holiday!
Nothing happened when she remembered to flip the switch. She realized that the disposal was broken. Using a tool, she fixed it.
On their way to get help her friend crashed. They had to call for help. Later her friend was in the hospital with her.
She got nervous because he was with another girl. She found that he wasnt paying any attention to her at all. She enjoyed the movie by herself.
His neighbor made a comment when he walked outside with the beanie on. Pete tipped his hat and kept going. The neighbor laughed at such a gesture and bowed to Pete.
His boss was taken aback. When Tom came back he fired Tom for telling him what to do. Tom was now out of a job,
She asked her siblings to help with the fixtures. They came over and fixed the lights. Lucy was grateful.
She chased after him. She caught up to him and got her purse back. She went home and told her family the story.
Kelly was so sad about it. She immediately went inside her room. She cried all night.
Home prices were really inexpensive there. Jane had to save up for months to afford the down payment. After she moved, Jane was fired and had to make a different long commute.
The animal shelter let me adopt right away. One week later, I arrived at the shelter an hour before opening. I decided to adopt a dog as well.
The following week, they chartered a boat and agreed that whoever had the strangest catch would get $50. Art caught an octopus. He received $50 for having the strangest catch of the day.
He carefully plucks some of the hair off his friend's back though using tweezers. It is a difficult process, but he finally gets all the hair. Milo's friend is happy that he no longer has back hair.
When he points out his friends new bags, she is glad he will fit in. Vladimir takes the new bag for school. Vladimir is very happy to have a new bag like his friends do.
Finally Sean flies to Bombay, India. He pets an enormous elephant in Bombay. Sean is so happy that he finally visited India.
She decided to surprise Mom with a painting on the glass doors. Mommy walked into the room before Ella was finished. Mommy's gasp at the immensity of the painting surprised Ella.
Ramona didn't have an umbrella. Ramona enjoyed her walk home in the sunshine Afterwards, Ramona changed into lighter clothes.
One night before she stopped doing it, Marsha heard a lot of squeaks. Then, she felt something touch her hair! She looked up, and saw it was a bat!
He didn't realize it is not true. He wound up thinking he will get beaten. Now he thinks he will not wrestle ever.
She finished and figured it was time to relax. When her volcano erupted at the science fair, the teachers smiled They gave Anna an A+ on her project!
I was the only visitor there. One of the staff went with me. She explained the exhibits to me.
But one night, his wife saw an infomercial for a hair regrowth product. He had didn't want it about it but she ordered it anyway. After receiving and trying it, Ian only felt anger and loss.
Joan had a tonsillectomy and missed the test. Then, she stayed home sick for the rest of the week. When she returned to school, she told the class her tonsils came out.
We set up our hot dogs on the grill. I heard a roar. It was a bear.
A man walked in and announced he had a gun. The gunman demanded Jason fill a bag with turbine supplies. Jason punched the gunman for not showing his gun.
He got a new luxury apartment. He found himself living on a tony street. He again helped the homeless shelter that his money paid for.
I poured a cup of boiling water right into the package. I let it sit for 5 minutes. And finally, I got to eat it.
It was really noise and others began to complain. Bob had to stop because he was making others uncomfortable. He put the hammer away and decided to work later.
The water felt good to Carl, even with all his clothes weighing him down. He swam to the other side of the river. When he got out he realized his change of dry clothes were on the other side.
But he is too proud to take the position from his friends. So they call a radio contest and get an interview for him He finds out the truth and is happy.
She was having fun on the highway until she heard a snap. The truck had broken down. Jane had to be towed back to the suburbs.
He back out hurriedly. He went to the convenience store and returned a few big bags. Then he returned, bearing less ice!
They talked about the latest comedy release. Afterwards, they went to the movies. Laura thought the date went really well.
When she got it she put it in an aquarium. Haley was quickly getting bored of it. She had to find it a new home.
They left a big rugburn on their bodies. They quickly went to the store to buy band-aids and antibiotics. They fixed their problems before their dad came home from work!
She was lost for days and had gotten into a fight with a stray animal. I found her dead. We rushed her to the vet where they cremated her.
Tim was in a group project with the co worker. Tim told his boss. Tim ended up getting fired.
However a cop saw him and sent a ticket to him in the mail. He comes home and sees the ticket. James decides he will never try to drive that fast again.
She returned it and got a new one, but before she could hang the new one, she dropped it. It shattered into a million pieces. Alex is now going to have bad luck.
Today, I decided to bake a steak for him. This afternoon, I baked the steak for him from scratch. Once it cooled, I got in my car and delivered the steak to him.
Lisa decided to get to the beach as fast as possible. She hung out at the beach all day. She finished her time there and went home.
Erin went on and on talking with Amy. Amy let her talk waiting to hear everything she had to say. Amy was sad when lunch ended and she no longer was with Erin.
I was accepted to my second and third, but third offered more money. I went with my first choice college I have great friends and am glad I chose here.
He spit out an ant and found out it was dead. It did not taste bad so he kept eating. About a week later his stomach felt funny because it was so full of ants.
A week later, her was expecting the gradebook. Macy was surprised she received  A-. The teacher said that she did a great job.
One day Mimi ran away. Milli disappeared shortly after. Later that night  Milli brought Mimi home.
But the dog bit her! Nala's arm immediately began to swell. That was how she discovered she was scared of dogs.
At the toy store, David ran over to the toy cars. He cried when he saw the car that he could no longer afford. David's dad bought the car for him and David took it home.
My daughter's friend was 13, and we went back a different time. She asked a lot of questions and looked at the art a lot. She ended up taking art in high school.
Kate thought it would be a good idea if she snuck out. She met Jane at the park. The girls had a lot of fun playing together.
Yvonne is craving chips for a snack. She went to the pantry for her snack. Yvonne doesn't regret not starting a diet from chips.
Until one day the sugar went missing. So Bill was not looking and he did not find it. So he learned sugar did not have to go with everything.
Sara got upset that they had almost had an argument. Her and her friend didn't speak for almost a week. Finally, Sara's friend apologized.
There were so many options at the store. After a while, he settled on a jar of peanut butter and crackers. He enjoyed his small, tasty snack.
At the bar, Rufus met two new friends. They all went to a restaurant after they left the bar. From that day forward, Rufus never had trouble meeting new friends.
Jeff thought about going in the city and see if there is any crimes. He thought that if he saw a robbery, he could jump out of his car to stop it. The robber might kill him, so Jeff will stick to just reading comics.
Daniel went to the doctor who referred him to a hand specialist. The specialist taught him to position his hands in a more healthy way. He was able to use his laptop without any more pain.
Dan took the kitten home and named it Frank. Frank had a bad habit of chewing furniture. Dan bought a book on cat training.
Eventually they realized they were very bored. They called their parents and they took them to the mall. Wanda's parents bought her a GPS so she could go herself next time.
The owner saw him and told him to stop fooling around. Chuck felt that this was the last straw. He quit on the spot.
She tried giving it the right food. Then she read that it needed a special concoction. Anne bought the pellets and started feeding her turtle healthily.
Miles tried using the bright sun to his advantage by sliding. Miles scored the winning goal for his team but injured himself. His leg was wounded but he felt proud of himself!
In spite of that, Scott took Irving to meet and play with NBA players. Next, he customized Irving's workout program. By his senior year in college Irving was ready for the NBA.
He wrote down the cost to upgrade the window and handed it to Greg. Greg saw the number and gasped. He told the contractor that he's a crook and to leave.
Jane was in a big hurry and didn't have much time to talk. Jane informed the principal she was short on time, but listened to him about Ali's great behavior. In the car, Jane praised Ali.
Mike sat at his desk and then his manager met up with him. Mike decided that his new job atmosphere was comfortable. Mike decided to stay at his job.
He ordered a large container of protein powder online. Brad started to eat more protein and saw more muscle gains. Brad was happy with his decision.
She tries to call and get back together with him. He ignores the phone calls. He's happier with someone else.
He asked if he could take pictures of them. The old couple agreed. Ted had fun taking photographs of them.
Amy wrapped a package. She then duplicated this with another package. It made Amy nervous there was no training she was to receive.
Donald wrote a second book with a gorilla in it. His publisher rejected the book. Donald felt anger directed at his publisher.
Logan's parents planned a family vacation to Hawaii. He was very excited about experiencing the beach for the first time. Logan spent all his time swimming, diving and surfing.
One day, Zeke needed money to buy lunch. He asked Prince if he could burrow some money. Prince gladly gave him some money.
The Carla discovered her inner vixen. As she became a vixen, the money took over Carla's former obsessions. In her nightmares, Carla wonders if someday she will be poor again.
He missed his exit because he was so into the song he was listening to. He suddenly cursed at himself because he noticed he missed it. He took the next exit and got back to the road he needed, safely.
They decided to rock, paper, scissors for the next one. After a deadlock for almost 15 minutes, the boys came to a conclusion. The decided to split the next Popsicle and fight over something else.
Finally, after 10 years, he scrounged up enough to fly to Albuquerque, New Mexico. He enjoys the weather and food very much. Boris has truly had the trip of a lifetime.
When her next match was coming up, she still could not breathe too well or practice. Her coach came up with a home remedy to help her get better. Arlene ended up competing in the match and had a good game.
His friends recommended computer science. Jon researched computer science and liked what he read. He decided to switch his major to computer science.
Jake jumped over the newly created hole in the pond. He caught the dog up in his arms and ran towards the bank. Jake fell and his head slammed into the ice.
John always won the game, but it was no surprise this time with Ted being injured. John thought it was funny his friend got injured playing a video game. John never lost to his friend in that game.
Christopher sees the girl he fancies. As prom night comes to an end he asks her to dance. Christopher and the girl dance together.
After I was reading my text messages, I had to leave that hot car. I felt like I was going to throw up. I ended up throwing up but felt better after that.
Her car had broken down but he didn't talk to strangers. Teddy called his dad  instead of stopping since he has a tow truck to tow the woman's car. Teddy felt good about being able to help someone else out.
One day she decided to cook for others. She discovered she was very good at it. Mandy now cooks for a living.
Earlier in the week, I had had extra time to clean the apartment. I mopped, dusted, and took care of the trash. When my family arrived they noted how clean my apartment was.
When she woke up she realized she forgot the to turn off the oven. Debe went outside and called the fire department. She then went back inside and turned off the oven.
Her boss was glad at leas she could make it in on time. Amy was given extra time off as a reward. She said her goodbyes as she got ready for a long weekend.
Half an hour later Brent noticed his oxygen was almost depleted. His friend handed him a can of spare air when he showed up out of nowhere. Brent safely ascended back to the boat and got more oxygen.
He heard there was a large climbing wall. He thought he'd go try to climb the wall. He went on to become a famous solo free rock climber.
Carl researched many real estate agents and decided which one to call. He chose to use an agent that looked the friendliest. Carl bought a large house and secured his family's future.
Shawn went to the store the next day. Bought dog food. Went home to fed his dog.
I saw a cute single girl and wanted to talk to her. I went to go sit at the bar and the stool broke. I fell on my butt and she laughed at me.
My friend tried a sample. It was amazing. I was tempted to go and order a large.
She didn't find any items that she liked. She left the store. Afterwards, Mary called her friend to complain.
The cashier counted the times the card declined: three times. Every time she counted, his available balance was a nickel short. Mike knew that he always picks the wrong line at the store.
She put them on the shoe rack. She was so disappointed. Jane wanted another gift to receive.
When we were tired of him running away, we stopped looking when he would leave. The next time, suddenly we saw a man walking with our dog. He brought our dog back home!
As his siblings looked for their presents, he looked for his own. There were none for Taylor or his siblings. Taylor and his siblings were upset until his mom explained their financial situation.
She went to many training sessions and improved for many years. Anna was recruited to play for the local University. She accepted the scholarship.
When she came home she noticed her toddler was taking the Christmas tree apart. Her toddler was taken all the ornaments off. She scolded him and her husband for not noticing and left to ran her errands.
Chad should have told Meaghann that he like fruit instead. Meaghann came to the picnic with 30 different types of fruit before she broke up  with him. The rest of the picnic was enjoyed before their breakup at least.
Will reschedule for the next day and after he  had the test the doctor told him he didn't need glasses. Will was surprised and happy. Will was glad that the visit was over.
I grabbed a new printer from the garage. After a few hours I had a pretty picture I printed out. I got it framed.
She had been at her uncle's house bored since noon. It was now 10 PM. Gina was upset her whole day was wasted in boredom.
Roger drives the hundreds of miles to return home. He visits with friends and family that he hasn't see in weeks. After staying for almost three days, Roger heads back to Texas.
However, Chad was a bit nervous about what to say to them. Chad decided he would tell them about the value of teachers in society. Chad could not wait to give his speech to the teachers.
When I went to make dinner, I found half of what I needed was missing. I had to go to the store. Dinner ended up being later than usual.
She pitched forward and landed on her leg. The knee pad protected her knee! Ava continued to roller skate but more carefully.
She got counseling for her hoarding, and soon she found her sister's old oboe that she no longer used. Beth decided to pawn the oboe. When her sister found out it was gone she was very upset with Beth.
When he got his seat on the train, he fell asleep. When he awoke, the trip was over. On the return trip, Max made sure he stayed awake.
I went to the kitchen to cook something when I awoke. I found a package of broccoli & beef to cook. I made the meal and enjoyed it.
The only costumes left were only for boys, but Becky insisted. Becky dropped her daughter off at the party. Then she waited at home, expecting the worst.
While she sat on the sand at her hotel, a little girl started crying. Isobel went up to her and saw she had been stung by a jellyfish. Isobel put an ointment on the girl's foot and saved the day!
He found his dad through social media. Shane agreed to meet with him. They had lunch and it was awkward but cathartic.
Running the water, I knew it was going to be relaxing. I lathered myself up with suds. It was perfect!
His favorite was a cardboard puzzle. The puzzle fit into the poppers. Dill put all the cardboard puzzles into the poppers.
She was clam and relaxed in the water. She dozed off in the pool, the sun was hitting her hard. Eva woke with a terrible sunburn.
But when he started to do research, he saw sad images of slums. Pat decided to never complain again. And he decided to finish his homework.
The coffee was not made with Irish creme, and caramel as he had asked. Angrily, Adam went to the counter and demanded his coffee. The barista informed him he had taken Amy's drink.
Reese was worried the scratch was infected. Reese went to the doctors to check it out. The scratch was not infected from his one ferret's bite.
When he graduated high school, he went to college. Joe studied hard everyday. Joe graduated top in his class.
She decided she didn't want to be married to Gavin anymore. They divorced. Now Gwen is in a relationship with Kara.
Finally, he decided he would wait longer. He took the books back and paid the fees. It felt bad to have everything in bad standing.
Alex went anyway and Rex told everyone not to go easy. Alex won the whole pot within an hour, shocking no one. Alex had a lot of experience to be able to pull of his biggest bluff.
She got them catered at the last minute, but she did make banana pudding. All her children help with the cleanup and dishes. Then everyone opened their gifts and relaxed the rest of the day!
She walked really slowly to school. She was still early. That was the first time she ever got to school early.
Finally Amanda turned and told him to stop. Her boyfriend ignored her and continued what he was doing. Amanda got enough and slapped him.
He called the vet who prescribed the dog some medication. Sam gave the dog the medication. A few day later his dog stopped scratching.
He fixed up the canoe and taped some oars on to the side. Rick tossed it in the lake and jumped on. He sailed into the center and felt at peace.
In the inside cover there was a message. The message said to avoid this DVD at all costs. Garry was too interested to adhere to the warning.
The day came and the other bands were amazing. We were all holding our breath when they announced the winners. We were shocked and ecstatic when we realized we won first place!
He practiced telling her off over and over. Finally he approached her and asked for her to stop. To his joy, she finally agreed!
Hannah was scared. She had the teacher hide her until it was time to go home. The bully never hit Hannah.
He worked hard and saved, and was finally able to move to the woods, where a bear came out and looked at him. Pat was afraid but suspected the bear was gentle. The bear just growled and wandered off.
Michael went to the Vet and she said something was wrong. The dog went through surgery as a result. Michael and his dog were happy again.
But as soon as I wake up she dabs her wet nose to mine. Then she starts to purr. I then get up and full up her food bowl.
Harmony noted how awful Ron looked. She drank a quiet cup of tea. She sipped her drink and watched the storm rage outside the cafe.
He had second thoughts about living, and decided to make t-shirts instead. The t-shirts looked amazing. He successfully sold many t-shirts for his business.
Her retirement will move her to back Prague. She went to Prague and left the program. It was a very sad experience.
Meg was shocked Lucy didn't go to church with her parents when they finally did get to talk at lunch. Meg invited Lucy to come over to her house to learn more about God. Lucy gladly agreed, happy to have made a new friend.
My friend stole all my clothes to celebrate the holiday for the first time. It was so funny, but at the same time, I had no clothes! After a few hours, he finally gave them back.
Alon decided to buy a house. After lots of searching, he found the perfect house. Alon was so glad that Shira moved in with him..
His mom called him in sick to school anyway. He stayed in bed and watched cartoons all day. At night his mom prepared him some chicken noodle soup.
After selling some things to get money, she went and the sales lady asked what she liked, and they tried several gowns. Nothing really popped, and the sales lady brought out one more dress. Erin felt like a queen in the beautiful gown, and the dress was found.
Wanting to drown my sorrows at the bar, I ordered a gin and tonic. The bartender laughed at me and said that drink was for women. This made me realize how shallow she was so I didn't tip her.
Page after page showed amazing magical spells. Ken decided to try one. He grew up to be a famous wizard.
We were seated in a dark room that had the rose in the glass. Every so often a petal would fall from the rose. It was a great meal but a bad overall experience for us all.
She waited til they were gone. And Gina could finally get up. She lifted her face to see her friends shoes in front of her.
When she awoke one more time from a bad dream, she called out for her mom urgently. Her mom rushed in and comforted her. Soon Sally was able to drift back off to sleep.
When he arrived at his hotel room he realized his hands were freezing! Jake knew he needed gloves and grabbed them from his bags. When he finally arrived at his house, he was glad he had the gloves.
She didn't even look at stuff. The next week, she decided to buy a new shirt though. At the register, Zoe was thrilled to discover it was on clearance!
the person he was picking on didn't want to take it anymore. So she turned around and punched Rick right in the face. Rick had never been assaulted by a woman before!
Then, she got distracted reading a book. Soon, she remembered the dough. She checked on the rolls and saw that they had risen.
William and Isaac spent the day studying together. They began to get tired. They both had a nap inside Isaac's house.
However Tyler only cared about one thing. He wanted to try those hotdogs they sold at the ballpark. Once he got his hotdog, he was happy and excited to watch the game.
I stood in line for less than three seconds.. By the time I left, the line was long. My candidate won with my vote.
Shiloh had always wanted a brother and was sad not to have one. Sisters, however, were not his favorite. He was happy to not have any sisters.
Karen began writing about her life. However, she couldn't remember so much details. Karen scrapped the idea and decided it was not for her.
He began a walk backwards toward the other side. In a panic, he accidentally yanked the cord and the parachute opened. The parachute drifted slowly to the ground covering him.
The cat became very tame and friendly from some of the attention. Aaron decided to participate in a cat show. His cat won a no medal.
He tried to memorize it during lunch so that he could remember the answers. When he got to class a stranger came in and stood up front. She said his teacher was out sick so the test was canceled!
He noticed he spent thirty dollars a week on fake pot to try it out. He then  he spent fifteen dollars a week on cigars. Charles was shocked, he was smoking up two hundred bucks per month.
It finally came and it stopped in front of the parents. The doors opened. All the school children got off of the bus and hugged their parents.
She took a bite of her burger. It was too salty! She got a refund by going back to the restaurant.
Gene met with movers and went over his options. He decided to use the movers to move his things. He loved the view from his back door and was much happier.
He was again enamored by the vibrant and unique cultures. He deeply appreciated the unique ways of life and value systems. He decided to travel the world shortly after this experience.
He went to the post office to buy stamps. The post office worker asked about the purpose of the stamps. Mitch told him about the party and gave him the first invite.
He was temporarily paralyzed from fear and couldn't move. The lifeguard had to dive in the water to rescue him. He made sure Harry was calm before leaving him.
She didn't know what to do without her husband there. She decided to call the police and run away. The man stayed in her home until the police arrived and arrested him.
Then his friends joined him and they played many games in the water. Then they took a break and ate. Sam had so much fun.
But Lucy hadn't seen mom all day. At 5 PM she finally returned home. Lucy was pleased to see mom had brought her an Easy Bake Oven.
Alas, the data set was not normalized so my algorithm failed. I decided to try a bootstrap simulation instead. The bootstrap simulation also failed.
Lagertha made it sound like it was her own idea, and went outside to play with her friends. When she returned at dusk, there was candy and roast lamb to eat. Her mother forbid her to have any though after Lagertha mouthed off, and sent her to her room.
I got pretty drunk instead. I decided to keep partying. Eventually, I was able to find some of them.
When she got to the rink she rented the skates. She realized she the skates were to tight. But she still ended up skating.
Then he played his favorite song loudly so the windows of his car vibrated violently. A police officer pulled him over for the loud music. He was issued a ticket for disrupting the general public.
She seen he wanted to get in the water so let him even though she didn't think he could swim. But to her shock, he paddled and swam excellently! Anna finally knew where the term Dog Paddle came from!
They asked lots of great questions and got to see the machines. At the end, they all got a piece of candy. They didn't really care about the piece of candy.
On the following year, I begged for a new dirt bike and they got me one for my birthday. I took one ride and broke my arm after crashing into a tree. I had my parents sell my dirt bikes and never rode one again.
He saw an ad for a studio recording session on craigslist. He decided to purchase a session at great financial cost. Larry was able to produce his solo effort.
Then she realized that she was really warm. She hoped it would cool down soon. Luckily it cooled down the next day.
He had to get a gift for his mom for mother's day. Amazon did not have what she wanted so he went to a big mall. Arnold almost fainted.
He bought lots of groceries and extra food too! When he got home, he knew that he bought everything he needed because of his list. Hank always made sure to write a grocery list.
Al joked it would be cool if there were a miner used it Billy knew that was impossible but he bought it anyway. It looked good on this desk.
But our friend Steve decided he wanted to "spin the car out really slowly", for fun. Of course, the car got stuck in the snow. We all had to dig it out, but we all had a good laugh.
She heard they were having a good time. By the time a few hours had past she wished she had gone. When they got home she was jealous of their good time
Many years later George found another woman. They dated for a while and got to know each other. After another year they were happily married.
He kept digging and finally found some rocks, so he decided to bring them to a prospector. His rocks turned out to be diamonds! Roy sold them and became rich beyond his dreams!
In Washington at a hole in the wall club he met the girl of his dream. Soon after, all of his songs became about her. But, she never knew, because he kept putting all music online only.
After a month, she wasn't seeing progress. She ended up giving up the lifestyle. Now she's one of the fattest people I know.
Sally didn't remember any texts. She went to check her phone. Then, she realized that she had never noticed the text.
She searched and found 23 cents to pay for her stamp. The clerk told her that the price has gone up in the last 20 Years. Ruth was shocked and left without her stamp.
As they neared the airport the instructor killed the engine. Steve made an emergency landing on the runway. Steve passed the test and is one step closer to being able to fly solo.
Until one Saturday she was too sad. Her friend Peggy came over and cheered her up. They then went out for drinks.
The day before a car had ran an intersection and hit him. He was alright and the Escort seemed fine too. He did not think the car had any damage.
Beth knew she made the right call when she saw a newcomer struggle to keep up. Beth noticed her body seemed not to want to follow along. Beth walked out knowing she made the right call.
Next, Jane tried the roller coaster, but it scared her too much. Jane was worried she wouldn't have any money left soon. But Jane finally tried the pirate ship, and she enjoyed the carnival.
Unfortunately it was empty. He cried out upon seeing a dried stream bed. For there was a gas station right next to it.
They got bored as they were expecting big fish. Then, Meg felt her pole jerk from her grasp. Her brother had reeled in their tangled lines.
His copy-editing was bad and usually had to be redone. His original content was enthusiastic, but not rigorous enough Dolph decided he could help best by quitting.
He had filled out the online application. The letter said he was rejected and no card was on the way. Three weeks later, the credit card hadn't shown up.
One of her friends told her that it was shut down yesterday. Someone bought them out and is opening a store in it's place. Cindy now only goes to the other Greek restaurant to eat at.
He got embarrassed. He quickly looked away. Conner is a very conservative guy.
She spent days shopping, setting up, and preparing for the rescheduled event. When the night came, many guests showed up. Every had a wonderful time in their costumes.
He buys gardening tools and some flowers. On his first day gardening, he plants a lot of flowers. Mike is very happy that he has a good outdoor hobby.
When he got to the pool, he was assigned a partner. It was his friend Joe. He felt lucky to have his partner be someone he knew.
Last month he found a new place. The new landlord complained about Charles though. So the landlord shut off the Internet until Charles behaved better.
After getting my items, I went to the cashier. I was checked out fairly fast! Now all I need to do is heat it all!
We found a sports car in our price range. I told my father I was interested but he wanted a slightly lower price. I was furious, but the salesman gave in and I felt bad.
He knocked over a stack of papers and tripped to the ground. He lay there for a while and contemplated not getting up. Sam got up and kicked the papers around even more, then went back for his phone.
There, he admired all the sights and sounds. London was huge and busy! He decided it was his favorite English city!
He spent an hour, searching for the ingredients to make it. He ended up giving up. He made cereal.
Adam then turns on the movie for the kids when they wake back up. I text Ginnie to tell her we our on our way. When we reach our destination my step-daughter is there waiting on us.
Her dad was able to retrieve the grasshopper from the water. He spent the next few minutes gently blowing on it. Eventually the grasshopper stirred, stood up, and hopped away.
He asked him to shave it. He said yes. He shaved his back.
She realized that she did not have the correct train ticket! She ran home from the station to find the ticket. By the time she got back to the station, the train had left.
But Amy refused. Amy was a bad eater and never ate vegetables. Finally after an hour, her mom convinced Amy to join health kick.
She sat through the opening session before she left, rapt with attention. By the end of the day, she had dealt with her emergency. She went back to her hotel room to rest for the next day's conference.
When it fell, it had an address on it that wasn't that far. He drove to the address and knocked on the door. The suitcase owner's wife was ecstatic and gave him a monetary award.
At school, Charles asked Deana out on a date. Deana said no because she liked Tony. Charles passed on this message and now Tony is asking Deana for a date.
He knew someone at school who had the game he wanted, so he asked to go play it so he could see if it was worth buying. And he was invited to the person's house to play it. Before Kevin went home, he stole the video game even though he had money to just buy it.
Jimmy started crying again and his father had to calm him down. After a few minutes, he went to sleep. His father placed him inside of his crib.
Billy had a good paying job that allowed him to afford the car. He had saved for several months so that he could buy the car outright. Now that he has a car, he has an easier time getting to his job.
We had fun so we went back the next day, but the janitor told us that the place is closed for today. Pedro proposed that we should get something to eat. Therefore, I drove everyone to a nearby restaurant.
When Eric got home, he realized he forgot to buy taco shells. Eric didn't have enough time to get back to the store before closing. He decided to make fish sandwiches instead.
Kodi would avoid everything and not make a mess. Kodi was sent to dog daycare for a week. When she came back, Kodi made her first mess.
In prison, Uki become a better person. He used the prison library to get his diploma. When Yuki was released from Prison, he was a better and moral person.
We lit the sparkler and threw it away from us. We waited but the sparkler never went out. As soon as we approached it, it set a fire and caused a very violent inferno.
She spent all night long cramming material that would be on the exam. When Audrey got to class the next morning, no one was there. She was early!
For two weeks, she took lots of carbohydrates. It was very difficult but she gained sixteen pounds. The diet was nonrestrictive, she went off of it after two weeks.
She took the piece of paper with my number, smiled, and put it in her purse. Two minutes ago I received Wilma's call. I just called back and we're both happy to be in contact again!
She was going to put those fears to rest, today, once and for all. Trish became humble and called her mom. Laughing in relief, she was relieved to find out her mom had the same problem.
However, when she walked in the house, she had a surprise. Her husband had already fixed their dinner! She was able to sit down and relax for once.
After being fired, she concocted a plan to work from home making crafts. She was successful! Becca has not been happier with her life and new job.
There was a lot of books but she had a big bike basket. Then, she put her books in the drop box. Then she went home.
He was excited for a new car. Sam went to the dealership. Sam fell in love with a red convertible car.
Jack wanted to continue his performing career. He found a local performing group in his town and auditioned. To his surprise, he was given a part in their upcoming play.
He previously wouldn't use it for weeks. That day he walked to the pot and used it. Jane grabbed Jim and danced while he smiled.
He went on modeling calls and his girlfriend hated it. He insisted he go on more calls, even though she hated it. She decided to break up with him.
Seth's Mints were more mild than those of the competition. Seth carved out a niche in the market, and the name Minty Fresh worked. Seth lived comfortably on his mint money.
He was stuck in traffic when a crazy man started pounding on his windows. He had to call the cops. The cops arrived and helped him.
When I got to his office he told me to sit down. I sat in the chair and looked at him. He told me I can have the day off since a family member passed away.
Liz received a call late that night and went out and got in a accident. A drunk driver hit the car that she was in. Liz made it her life's mission to fight against drunk driving.
But Pam clumsily spilled tea on her skirt. She did not want to look stupid in front of David. So she blamed the tea shop for her cup having a broken lid.
Grabbing her purse, Jordyn ran to her car and drove to the petstore. At the petstore they had so many colorful fish to chose from! The lady at the store helped her find the perfect new fish to add to Richard's tank.
He ordered a pizza with pineapple and ham. When he received his pizza, it had olives on it. Billy decided that he would not call that pizza restaurant again.
Gina was the only one awake. Her dad didn't want her to wake her mother, so he gave a message to Gina for her mother. The next morning she relayed his message to her.
I normally pay too much attention to them in the colder months. I painted them a bright red. They are gorgeous, and no one will even see them.
After spending a long time swimming, people began to gather around. He was swimming so well. He got tired of swimming and then went home.
She applied to Juilliard. She received a letter of acceptance to the school. Jean knew her life had just begun.
She saved up for many months for a new violin. She set up her gear and began playing in a subway station. She kept playing as everyone walked by without noticing her.
He even ignored his favorite meal to watch the game. He had waited in line twenty minutes to get these tickets. He happily watched the whole game.
He walked around the city, happy to be home. The buildings were huge and imposing. Chicago is a very developed city!
She keeps walking in the direction of the security officer. The 50 year old man identifies himself as campus security. Gina says hello and keeps walking.
I thought someone else would pay for my food. The waiter shouted at me for not paying. I pretended not to hear and never went back again.
He managed to earn better grades on his assignment. He also sacrificed a day of working to study for his final exam. The teacher gave him an A in the class.
His friend bet him that his team would still loose. A small group watched on tv as the next batter struck out. His friend laughed at Giorgio for the strike.
One is a point and shoot. Both cameras have shutter lag and slow flash recharging. We bought a newer, faster camera this week.
A man saw Bill and waved at him. The driver offered to drive Bill to school but Billy declined. Bill made it to school on time.
The only problem was that he was nervous about their date. He picked her up at 8. Thankfully, they had a good time.,
The next day, he rode on the bus and arrived at school. He looked around at the other kids and felt more at ease. Ted made friends fast the second day and enjoyed the school year.
Eventually, they reached a big canyon where they heard a weird noise. They looked down and saw an injured eagle and ran to her aid. The eagle had broken her leg, and Fred called for help for her.
One day, Lary's dog ran into his room! His dog was clumsy and began wagging his tail, smashing the Legos! Lary was furious at his dog for destroying his creations before he could.
A kind stranger talked to him. They talked longer. They exchanged information and became great friends.
Roy took out a pitcher and filled it to the top and grabbed himself an apple to eat. He forgot to add ice so the water was warm Roy took the pitcher, two cups and some loose ice to Jim.
Matt kept working at it and then decided he was ready. He went on stage and did his act. Nobody thought he was funny.
Before they left, they played some video games in the lobby. They got some more candy at the counter. They drove home.
Gina hoped it would upset the boy. But it just made him more aggressive and annoying. Gina realized the teacher had made a terrible mistake.
When the results came back the next month, luckily Fred was totally fine. Fred felt a sigh of relief and felt so much better after that. When Fred left the doctors, he went to town to get ice cream.
After a few hours, she went in the water and found some shells. She went further out to find some more. Lily got knocked down by a large wave that came up to the shore.
Then someone stole it so he dropped his wife off at the restaurant entrance and kept looking. He finally saw an empty stall but another car got there first again. He gave up and decided to pay for valet parking.
Everyday for 2 weeks she had checked the mail. Finally after 2 weeks the license had arrived. Although she hated the photo, Kay was happy to be a licensed driver.
Her co-workers looked shocked when they learned where Vera shopped. They told Vera they had mistakenly thought that the stuff was cast-off and fit only for bums. Vera knew where she would buy her co-workers' gifts from now on.
He passed all his exams. Patty was proud. She gave him a reward.
Unfortunately, he started to feel very sick. He ended up throwing up. By the time he was done throwing up, the ride was over.
She practiced her talent every day. She worked on her swimsuit competition. When the local pageant came, Lori won a title and an entrance into the international competition!
People did see that the goat's face only had one eye. The papers ran the story about the goat with one eye. Everyone came to see the goat with only one eye.
She was determined to be MVP. When she became a senior, she still had that goal. At the last tournament, she met her goal and presented a speech.
But on his birthday, he got a PS3 game instead. The next day, Ray returned the game. But it did not give him enough money to buy what he wanted.
He spent the next four days in his cabin, sick. When he finally got better, there were only two more days left. Alan decided that cruises were not for him.
I was told one student began coughing and couldn't stop. She doubled over trailing ropes of mucus from her mouth. Eventually she coughed her pants off and had to be hospitalized
Thief's broke in and held them up. The tourists were held hostage as they were all robbed. After the money was taken, the robbers ran off and the couple called the cops.
She heard a knock on the door. Her neighbor's housesitter offered her food. Gina said no thanks and went back to bed.
So I bought a lock to make sure it would stay safe in storage. I packed my bike with care along with other things I couldn't take on the plane. Hopefully, my bike will stay safe.
I went to a French bistro and couldn't remember any French. The waiter was laughing at me. He told me that he couldn't speak french but thought I sounded funny.
She explained that the brownies could be made in the oven. Christina was amazed that the brownies came out well like that. From then on, she cooked brownies herself.
Then a friend told her to freeze fruits and yogurt to snack on. The treats were cold and sweet, and healthy so she wouldn't feel guilty eating them. By the end of summer, Eva had lost eleven pounds!
They decided to start going inside. They wanted to make marshmellows. They had to make them in the microwave inside.
Micah went back to the stall where he bought them to get a pair for his girlfriend. The lady didn't remember seeing him before. Micah bought another pair of sandals.
She plugged her phone in and called back, and the psychic slowly told her things that were true and recent. The psychic even told her about her friend that was staying with her. Jenna still suspected the woman psychic was informed before her call.
He googled on how to mark it "Public" so all his friends could see it. Later, he went back to check on his post. Over a hundred people had liked his picture!
In addition, he tried to drive around her car at a 4-way stop. Hannah was furious and threatened him As soon as she started to call the cops, he left.
Mine always looked pretty and realistic. On the other hand, I hated painting landscapes. I paint people all the time now.
But my boss called to make sure I was coming. I almost slid off the road trying to get there. When I arrived my boss wasn't even there.
He found a matching shirt for each shirt. He then did the same things for pants. Frank tried on each outfit before he bought it, so he was happy, but not as happy as he would have been if he brought the right shoe.
The phone screen was shattered. He tried to fix it but it didn't work. Joey bought another cell phone.
Fearfully, trembling, they kissed for the first time on her stoop. That kiss led to dating and marriage. Carl and his wife look back on their first kiss fondly.
The doctors ran a bunch of tests on Bob anyway. They determined that Bob was indeed having some serious heartburn. Bob felt both embarrassed and relieved.
She feared the other children would be mean and taunt her so she stuck with her tight knight group. But she soon found that she needn't have worried. Sylvia made many new friends on her very first day!
On the day of tryouts he did a very good job. He instantly get on the team and was praised. He later realized that it was all because of his brothers' help.
Suddenly he slipped in the water. He fell hard on his stomach. Kacie took him out of the shower and made sure he was okay.
We were on our way to a nice movie after. She got a phone call from work. We had to cancel the movie so she could go into work,
She smelled something delicious. The pizza was completely cooked. Sylvia sold the pizza to a customer.
There were no people there. It was always too empty. Jake eventually had to change to another gym.
He could make a couple of tricks using playing cards. It was tragic when someone discovered his trick. Stan lost his career.
He went on facebook while there and seen a ad for a pound, A dog named Grump was going to be put down that day. Sam has a new best friend named Grump, you should meet him.
Niko thinks the autograph is a fake. An expert Niko trusts confirms it's fake. Niko doesn't buy the picture.
I'm not eating enough, and it's becoming extremely unhealthy for me. My buddy has me on a diet plan to increase my calorie intake. I've been on it for two weeks and I feel good.
I decided to paint an old memory of the city. I painted the lights and buildings. It didn't turn out very well, but I kept it anyway.
Suddenly his face fell as he felt an instant need for a toilet. In the bathroom, the toilet was broke but there was a cat box. Jordan went back to his table looking like the cat that ate the canary.
Everyone seems to approve of his efforts, no matter what he did. Sean always did the best he possibly could, regardless. To nobody's surprise, his work passed the muster, and he felt relieved.
She walked into the other room and saw her toddler. He was trying to sneak her cell phone out of the purse. She scolded him and he ran out of the room.
He thought everybody would speak to him. Then he went to school and everyone was kind to him. He saw that he was right that everyone would speak to him.
Since he had the answers, he obviously did well on his written test! Then he had his driving test. He passed the test with flying colors!
It was too watery He decided to add a bit of milk Unfortunately it didn't help
His dad hit a big wave and slipped. He fell into the water below. Luckily his family was able to save him.
He went into the shed and cleared out all of the trash. He rearranged the shed to make more room. The shed was now clean.
She has her daughters sing "Jingle Bells." This year she stopped, as both daughters are in college. Nobody missed the tradition.
She wanted to make it a reality, so she found a rope swing and went to swing off the cliff and into the water. Sadly, her foot got caught in the rope. Instead of going into the water, she went to the hospital.
Steven finally grabbed his lunch box as they walked out the door. Just as he turned the corner, he saw the back of the bus pull up. He had to go back home and tell his mom he didn't need a ride.
The receptionist told me to wait for a few minutes until the doctor is available. I ended up waiting for an hour. Eventually, I fell asleep in the waiting room.
He was sad and disappointed. Tyler realized his dreams would never be realized. Luckily he was able to keep a good job with Tesla.
However, they both found each other very attractive. Louis kissed Ashley while they were sitting. Ashley was very happy that Louis kissed her!
I called a restaurant that mailed it to me. They were relieved I got it. They had almost not mailed it for safety reasons.
We found the right house, and at the party, Kenden got lots of presents. Kenden got to eat a big piece of cake by himself and made a mess. Kenden had a great first birthday, he was very happy.
When Fred reached into the closet, he found something else. He found a dirty magazine. Fred didn't leave the house on time.
They could barely get out of the house. They just waited for the roads to be plowed It was the craziest thing they have ever seen.
His friend told him he was having an anxiety attack. Alex then knew he had to work on his anxiety problems. Alex is better since he goes to therapy finally.
One night, a raccoon sneaked into the coop. The raccoon killed every single chicken. Now Jan and Rob still have to buy eggs at the store.
They hit it off and began meeting up all that year. By the next year, things were getting serious between them. My grandpa proposed to her on Halloween that year.
He had bumped into a man, who rudely told him that his feet smelled awful. Bob was insulted, but the powders fixed it. He wondered how long he'd had this problem for.
She looked up after the food was in the bowl and she saw Snuggles. He had impeccable timing, showing up the moment food was ready. She petted him behind the ears as he ate.
He practiced hanging from the ceiling and doing flips. It hurt very much when he fell. Finally he was good enough for the circus.
I comforted him and told him it was all a dream. He told me that he felt much better after talking to me. Luckily, he could go back to sleep.
We had a good time watching. How I wish I could taste those fudge. It was some of the best fudge ever.
When the tech looked, the baby was in a weird position. He was curled up, though his anatomy was visible. Mark and Jenni were excited to be able to find out the gender that day.
Danny ordered delivery instead. Danny also asked for a couple of hot sauce packets. Instead of hot sauce, the server put mayonnaise into the bag with food.
A company hired him as an opener for salespeople. After three weeks Charles was fired for not enough sales. Charles said the termination wasn't fair.
I ended up praising her for being so helpful and understanding. She was happy. She ended up calling my boss and praising me.
He noticed there was one small patch still, though, so he got the shovel off the porch. Bjorn shoveled the snow off the driveway. He then drove to school after exiting the cleared driveway.
He learned fast. He actually wound up winning. Kevin considered it beginner's luck.
She mixed a cake and slid it in the oven. Lucy had no idea how this thing would work. Finally, after 90 minutes her and grandpa gave up and returned it.
I had never slept in an empty house, all on my own, but I loved it! I was enjoying the silence, but it felt a bit lonely. The next morning, I knew I needed a pet for some company!
That's perfect, we said. We'll will work on it today. After a long, dry day, everything was finished.
The morning of the banquet I realized wanted to go. I made an excuse to attend My friends found out and were happy with me.
He decided to sneak up and scare him. He crept up and grabbed his friend from behind. His friend laughed when he saw how scared Allen got.
They were my daughter's. Going through them made me emotional. I boxed them back up and decided to keep them.
The next day someone stole them. Jim wasn't mad. The thief ended up feeling bad and returning the shoes.
Finally, Juanita agreed to learn how to ride a bike. She practiced every day until she was a bike riding expert. Juanita was so happy that she eventually learned to bike.
A man from the crowd walked behind him. He tried to take Henry's wallet from his pocket. He notice what the man was trying to do.
Her rival loses every time they go to run. Finally, Cade decides to let her rival win. Now Cade needs to run extra slow to let her win.
We panned five buckets worth of material and found nothing. We found almost no gold. We panned all summer and weren't productive.
She got started since she knew it by heart. She asked her aunt to help. She and her aunt made the cobbler.
He always pulled them down when he walked. One day he bought a new pair. He never had trouble with pants again.
Someone walked by and asked Mike if he had somewhere else to stay. He said no, so the person offered to fix the windows Mike wouldn't have to be out in the cold anymore.
I was happy, as I was starting to get bored of watching dogs run around. I decided that it was time to find a new dog park. My dog whined when we got there.
I headed to class when the bell rang, and when the teacher asked for the homework, I searched my book bag. I couldn't find it although I placed it there last night. Later that day, my mom told me that she moved it.
He argued that this library rarely had the books he wanted. The librarian decided to order more books on the subjects he mentioned. As a result, Ben kept going to the same library after all.
Clay ran in the direction of this balloon that was descending. After a half mile chase it was within his reach and the girl was in sight. Clay dove at the balloon and held it tight.
Ben would often take in stray animals and nurse them to health once he got older. He decided to attend veterinary school and graduated. Ben now owns the biggest animal hospital.
At the last minute she decided to get him a fancy new tie. On Christmas she happily handed her dad his gift. He told Claire it was the nicest tie he'd ever owned!
This summer his family decides it's finally time to learn how to swim. He practices hard every day for the whole summer. Timmy is proud now that he can swim.
He found out that the president preferred Pepsi to Coke. The spy sold this info to Pepsi for millions. He gave up on spying for Russia and is a spy for Pepsi.
She had finished all of her work and was presenting the project today. As she shared, the kids began to tease her about her animal choice. Ruth was mortified and didn't finish the presentation.
He asked her to the fair one day. They both went and had a wonderful time. Sara and Andy have been seeing a lot of each other lately.
The baby smiled and cooed when it saw the crowd. The baby giggled by herself. The baby won the pageant.
But he kept jumping all around the yard. The chain was slowly coming a loose. The dog easily pulled himself free from the chain.
But he got caught. Tom got in front of the class and read the note. Mr Ben's surprise party was ruined.
They looked online first to get ideas for couples. They eventually decided on something they thought would work. They decided they would be Mary Poppins and Bert.
He particularly hated one piece. He saw a woman complaining about the same piece. They got to chatting and became good friends.
But he had to go to basketball practice first. He had no time to take a shower after practice. And he finally got the chores done after.
Before trading in, he had wrote down notes on different reviews and prices. When he got to the dealership he was able to make a smart choice. Now Greg has a slightly newer car and feels proud driving it.
Bill decided to get a hat to block out the sun if it ever showed up. He looked at sombreros and baseball caps. Eventually Bill chose a large cowboy hat.
He was short on cash and could not get any new balls one week. A week later, Brad was able to get a new ball. Brad has been back on track collecting for months now!
She didn't want to eat all that junk food. Later, Amy was hungry but there was nothing good to eat at home. Amy went and had lunch at her friend's house.
She spent the whole day crying. She had fallon in love with those books. She felt sad that she no longer had books.
The waiter lost control and spilled the other food over the railing. The food fell through the atrium and hit the ground. The plates smashed and many were hurt by the hot food.
He held his arms against the side of the ship. A sudden wave hit the boat and made the man fell. He was able to get up but didn't continue his jump off.
When they met their teacher at church she joked about his name. They thought that was really funny. But Noah hated that he was being singled out and distinguished from the other kids.
He asked friends for recommendations. He searched the internet for the best works of literature. He chose a great book and added it to his collection.
Rose didn't feel the same. A scorned Juliet told everyone they'd acted on their love, anyway. Rose lost her friend, and doesn't trust anyone now.
Then, she thought to prank her friends. When they were there, she pretended that she was pregnant. They all freaked out until she revealed the truth.
This allowed them to keep their relationship going. Fortunately there were no obstacles. They ended up getting married.
But Dan's doctor said he could play after four weeks of rest. So Dan rested happily and waited for four weeks. Dan reluctantly started to play football again.
We were thankful her time was not near. She promised she would continue to fight and not take her health for granted. She died peacefully in her sleep thirty years later.
She has cold hands and needs gloves. Her friend loans her a pair. They decide to move the party inside because its too cold.
Just three weeks later the car he saved for breaks. The dealership won't exchange it the car for him. So he has to scrap it and get a new car.
I was blinded by the amount of tents and activities set up. My teacher continued to direct us. We ended up continuing the lecture.
I was so happy to see her. I breathed a sigh of absolute content. She was still there in bed next to me.
She woke after an hour, but he was still asleep. Lucy knew she would be in trouble if she woke him up. She decided not to wake him up.
Karen decided to buy him a pair of slippers anyway! She searched until she found the warmest pair available. Her boyfriend was so unhappy with his warm fuzzy slippers!
I reached in the over to check the pan even it's so dark. I completely forgot how hot the pan was. I burned my whole hand.
When she said no, Annie told the librarian the book was lost. The librarian said she couldn't borrow another book, then. Annie went home and put the book in her bag to return it.
He came across a gas station within ten miles, and got off the bus. When he returned, his car couldn't be found. He got to Austin, but had to take a plane.
If he was still sick, he would not be to do a good job. Then he began to feel better. By the next day, he was well again!
Ali had no idea why the girl threw the stick. She was hurt, and confused by the act. Ali's friend June decided to tell a teacher about the incident.
The books were a series that were hardcover. He searched everywhere in his house before he returned them. Finally he remembered he left the book at a friend's house.
Amanda decided she needed to find a way to repay her mom for it. She asked her future instructor what she could do. The instructor told her to work at the barn and she could get lessons.
Typically it takes me about a half hour to cook. When I am done I pour it over pasta. The taste is always cheesy and delicious.
She leaned against a wall while drinking her coffee. The wall had been recently painted and she got covered in wet paint. Jen left to go home and change.
The power went out so they walked out to the breaker. Sarah was afraid to touch it so Sean flipped the switch. Luckily, the lights came back on.
When she went in to get a final touch it fell over. She saw it and was disappointed. The snowman was too big and took weeks to full disappear.
Pat told Kelly that swallowing a drink upside down will help her stay awake. Kelly took a drink of water and swallowed it upside down. Kelly stayed awake.
Normally she was the center of attention, and now had gotten her way. She told the photographer she was open to anything as he took the pictures. Her sisters were abhorred and it created tension between them.
Now Sam works as a volunteer fireman and paramedic. His family is so proud of who he has become. The Army made a man out of Sam.
Jason decides to buy a dictionary just in case. He was really exited about his trip to France. When he arrives in France Jason used the dictionary for words he didn't knew.
All of a sudden screams are heard from the water, where a single person had gone in. Everyone runs but there is no way to help the person who is being attacked by a shark. It's a sad ending to what started as a regular day.
She would then sneak the key to the grocery store. There they would make a copy for her. She knew it was risky, but it was the best plan.
Timmy's best friend Joe's favorite is lollipops. Joe also likes snickers and bars. He needs to go check his teeth at the dentist though.
Then she met up with a friend at the new restaurant. The two ordered the same dish and loved it. Thankfully the date never happened.
He was able to read the message in the mirror. The couldn't believe he didn't remember that happening. After he read the message he finished his hair and cleaned off his forehead.
Instead he purchased glue, sand and paper. He made his own sandpaper that out performed the store's. Jay sold his extra sandpaper to the store at a great profit.
Her last boyfriend cheated on her. Juli is overweight and has low self esteem. We are all worried about her.
My son suggested asking the neighbor for some milk. He went next door and got some milk. Thanks to her generosity, we were able to finish making the cookies.
Ana bent to help her grandma get down from the garden swing. Then they sat together shelling the peas and chatting. Ana had a good time visiting and helping her grandma.
He tried kicking his legs. Nothing made him fly. He decided to get on a plane to fly and face his fears.
It both made them matured. As a result, the two decided to be engaged. Rebecca was so in love.
All of the sudden, she heard a loud crack. A rock had flown out of the truck and hit her windshield damaging it even more. Mary was very sad that she would have to pay for a repair.
Then, Mary wheeled her cart out to the parking lot. A car waited for her parking spot while she loaded her groceries. When Mary pulled out, the car took her spot.
She was glad to have her house smell nice again. She opened all the windows just in case. Anna's house smelled great after that.
A couple of days later, Charles was hired as a private mechanic. But he needed reliable transportation. He grabbed a financing offer, he thought was fake, and got a new car.
Audrey had the battery tested. Audrey had the alternator tested. It didn't matter though, now that it turned out to be crashed.
The Bread Boy went to the hardware shop for paint. He purchased 4 gallons of bright pink paint He tried to pay for it in bread, but was ultimately refused.
But they never invited him to swim. He was about to buy a pool for himself. But then didn't when he realized how sad it was.
Joey clung to his mom as they went through the haunted house. He was so relieved when he finally saw the exit door. Outside, a man congragulated him for making it through.
She went around the neighborhood anyway and filled up her bag with candy. When her bag reached the brim, it tore and all her candy spilled. Mary's mother picked up the candy for her.
But then her crush Tom asked her on a date. He said he thought her weight was cute. Ellen was so happy!
After lunch Melly drove to the store. Melly placed each item from her list in her basket. After she paid, Melly took her items home.
A red siren blared off in the distance. Fred adjusted his position towards the police. He fired off a round and the tire popped!
Fred went away from James for an hour. After that, fred just drove back home. James called the cops for a way back
His friends loved the new flute, but Javier didn't. However, Javier was determined to find his lost flute. He returned to California and found his lost flute.
One day his mom asked if he was going to return the cans for cash. One day his mom asked if he was going to return them for cash. James now owns a recycling business.
Lou had bought a new camera last week. He used his camera to take indoor pictures. Lou was given a bonus based on how exceptional his work was.
A muscular man was on the treadmill. John lifted more weight than he ever had before. John was sore for a week afterwards!
Her teacher scolded her for not showing up. Claire was showering when she felt a pain in her leg. Claire sprained her leg and got to stay home.
Ali was happy to speak to her. She was relieved that Val was doing well. Ali and Val had a great time talking and swinging on the swings.
She told her family they were homemade. The cookies were a big hit. Nobody discovered that she was lying.
He used the money to ride the bus instead, and once at school Dan smelled something delicious coming from a classroom. He looked inside and saw the Home Ec class had baked pies. Dan filled up by charming one of the students into sharing her pie.
Joe saw the bag boy slowly attempt to put all the food in one bag. Joe was amused as he saw the bag boy take out the food and start over. Joe took the filled bag from the bag boy and walked out of the store.
Katie was thrilled to see her favorite jump performed at the Olympic games. She watched skaters' performance nervously. When skaters she didn't liked skated, Katie prayed they would fall.
She hired a singing coach and made some improvements. Sarah eventually got a record contract. She became a famous singer and toured all over.
He could cook them. He tried a new recipe and they came out right. Cass was pleased.
When he got home, his son, Jake was eager to plant the seeds. He wasn't playing, he really wanted to plant seeds. Mike laughed, and showed Jake how to plant the seeds.
Gordon decided to install air-dryers in the bathrooms. The cost of the dryers was more than additional napkins would've been. Gordon's decision paid off with reduced costs in the long-term, so he was happy he layed off the napkins.
She had went to the atm and inserted her card. The atm displayed an error message! So she had driven to the grocery store and was able to get cash back instead.
Aurelia begins knitting because hang gliding is too dangerous. She finds knitting a relaxing way to forget her problems. Aurelia is very happy that she found a good hobby.
However, her friends snuck out to a party, the police was called, and her friends got arrested. Once the parents each picked her up, she knew everyone was in trouble. Even though Paula didn't go to the party, her parents were angry she hadn't told her friends not to go.
But then someone out bid Claire and began bidding without thinking. The price soared past what she could afford. Claire had won but snuck away to avoid paying for it.
She personally recommended joining the church run soup kitchen. The next day, Carly expressed interest has become a chef there. It turns out that her pastor was the head chef and accepted her offer.
She started chewing on it. When she pulled it out of her mouth she saw her tooth. The apple had pulled it out for her!
She searched around for productivity apps. She purchased a scheduling app that was on sale for $1. Jenna organized the apps on her phone the entire afternoon.
She wondered if she would keep her friends. Camp was turning out to be so much fun! Julie made tons of long-lasting friendships and had a great time!
They agreed loudly for everyone to hear. They got in each the players faces in a heated debate. One ref punch a player and asked if that was a foul too.
They easily got scared and started trying to find their way home. Unfortunately, the 4-wheeler ran out of gas half way home. Tom and Mary had to find their way back on foot.
That is normal for a winter's day. Afterward Joe had lunch. We Ieft at 2:30 and went home.
Still feeling sick on Sunday, he was determined to go to church anyway. Paul got out of bed and made it to church. After coming home Paul was tired but satisfied.
The baby squeezed the orange slices. The baby put the juicy orange slices in her mouth. Mommy wiped the baby's mouth.
David thanks the man. The pizza was on time, so he appreciated the tip. David was happy to receive the huge tip.
The children built many sandcastles and one year a contest was held Many castles were built by many children, but the Johnsons won A photo of the castle was taken and printed in a famous magazine
On his next visit, the doctor informed Mark that he had cancer. Mark was so upset and he called his family. Of course, they supported him.
First, he bought a FedEx. Second, he hired many mail delivery persons. He's already rich from the lottery, so he is happy.
Last Tuesday it was supposed to be a clear sky. I did not take my truck out and laid inside in my bed. It was beautiful and I slept for hours.
Katherine's dog, Zeus, wanted to play with Lucas. Caitlin, Katherine's daughter, tried to introduce Lucas to Zeus. Lucas hopped on Zeus' back and sat there eating flies.
He passed a red light on accident. A cop stopped him. He missed his show.
One of my friends disrespected her one day. My friend ended up getting punched by her. He ended up with a black eye.
She were pushed around and she got her nose broken when he wasn't paying attention. He was having too much fun to notice. She never went to another concert with him again.
He had asked for work at each business on the street. He was rejected almost every time. One business wanted to hire him because of his pink hair.
Charles got dumped by the girl instantly. He was hurt badly. Charles vowed to never fall in love again.
He agreed. So Anna went to the pet store and bought herself two puppies. She was so happy with her new pets.
They  took advantage of Cyber Monday. When the compared notes, the first couple had won. The 2nd couple also had two black eyes and a broken thumb between them.
Daniel's brother called to ask exactly on what ship they were leaving. Daniel told his wife that his brother and his wife were going to wave goodbye to them as they left. Daniel and his wife enjoyed their vacation.
A few years later, he called a realtor to show him homes. The realtor showed him 8 homes. Theo fell in love with one and purchased it.
After a couple days he missed eating candy. He realized he had some leftover Halloween candy in the kitchen. He put the candy in his drawer.
The process took all day. But he got it done before night fell. Now his room looked fresh.
The nurse brought her into an exam room after catching up to her in the hallway. The nurse quickly gave her a shot in her arm. Claire got a sticker for being such a good patient.
A car decided to come down and startled her. She fell into some shrubbery. Jill was able to get home and clean herself up.
She didn't have to detangle old strings. She didn't have to check which ones even worked anymore. She managed to find enough room her new tree as well.
She  saw a ice cream truck so she went up to it  and asked for a popsicle. But the ice cream man didn't speak English well. Instead, he gave July a candy bar
For that reason he flew it as carefully as he could around every room. He reached the living room and flew quite close to the chandelier. He managed to control the copter so that it narrowly missed crashing into the chandelier.
During the 3rd round, the less experienced fighter was knocked down. After getting back up, the boxer began learning from his mistakes. By the end of the night, the less experienced boxer won the fight, but his injury had gotten worse.
They had a party without her to celebrate. They talked about it on the last day of school. Ms R was glad she was retiring.
However, Nate's mom said that she had his wallet. Nate returned to Benny to ask if he was lying. When they met, the wallet was in his hand.
In the stroller, Jane could make out some squirming movement. She could not count the age of the twins but was sure they were very young. Jane walked away, feeling a bit of warmth in her heart.
Her neighbor heard about her watching the movie. He put stones and rocks like those in the movie by her door. My daughter was not amused.
My self-confidence was rejected, stomped on and threw to the wind. I discovered good feelings make your skin shine. Did I mention I'm glowing all the time now?
She finds a picture online of the cut and cuts it herself. She messes up her hair. Sue stays home and cries about her haircut.
The bug made a large turn and crossed a large bump. When she was knocked off balance, her phone flew out of her pocket. It landed on the floor.
But when she went to the modeling agency, she was surprised. The agents told her she could definitely be a model. Kya found out she doesn't need to be fit to be a model.
The next morning they decided to play dice. Ben won a few games and lost a few. He had a fun morning playing dice.
He arrived at the bank in the early morning. Right when he was supposed to pull his gun out, he chickened out. He walked back outside and drove home.
He decided not to use Yelp. He went to a greek cafe not based on the Yelp recommendations. The food was terrible and he vowed to always use Yelp.
Jim told Jay he had proof. Jay admitted that he was dating Marla. Jim kicked Jay in the shin and said now he had cooties too.
Ben had had his food and drinks ready. Ben wanted to watch the show with his girlfriend. Ben ends up just going to bed.
His friends thought he was lame. Jim finally decided to relax and go out. He failed his test the next day.
Paul was mad at his mom for it because parents aren't cool enough to listen to his music. His mom gave him a pair of headphones. Paul and his mom were both happy.
She went up to one of the vendors. She looked and handled the antiques. Mariana stole one of the antiques while no one was looking.
He tried to paint another subject instead. Suddenly his painting got better. Ben realized he sucks at portrait painting.
They were not able to control it and he never spent a few nights there. He never had to continually monitor his weight. He died of a heart attack in 1995
Doesn't even like to drink juice! He doesn't drink from any cup. He is very silly to say the least.
Roku decided to study checkers and become better. Eventually he started to win more games. After a few decades he became a checkers master.
He couldn't decide what he wanted to listen to. The app had suggested radio stations for Mike based on what he has listened to. Mike was very impressed with this feature and technology in general.
She stepped carefully because she was barefoot. Ben tried to make her move quicker. She said she was unable to move faster and still be cautious.
Rhonda was a lawyer and always brought home take out. It had only been a week when they ran into each. They met up that night and had break up snacks all night.
One evening, rehearsal was particularly tough. She thought she might reverting to practicing on her own because she wasn't good enough. She had a great performance with friends and continued to ply as a hobby.
Then his grandmother died and there was nothing he could do. His parents wouldn't listen. Love was totally absent from his life.
Tom also started eating differently. Tom didn't want to eat small meals, so he'd gain more weight. Tom was happy to see his waist continue to grow.
He turned on the radio and heard that there was a freeze warning. The baker had to hurry for a few minutes to get home. When he finally got there, he was grateful to be home.
Also sold them on the street but one day a car smashed his orange basket. All of the oranges were destroyed. However the driver decided to buy all of the destroyed oranges.
The wheel came off and I sat in the wagon. I parked safely in a patch of green grass. I decided that I would  race my wagon down the hill again.
She was excited for the awards banquet. Jill's coach did not call her name for the award. Her friend got the MVP and Jill was happy for her.
Sam's brother liked to run around the house. Sam's brother didn't look where he was going! He ran right into Sam's spaceship!
Somebody put rocks in his pants. He couldn't tell who. He was upset but did not do anything.
Once she settled in the classroom, she started to calm down. Janice's teacher greeted everyone one by one. Janice feels better about going to school tomorrow.
Of the thirty flavors they had, they were out of all. I concluded that I wished I had rum raisin the most out of them. I had hoped to have two scoops of rum raisin in a cone.
Finally, his brother encouraged him not to give up on hiking, so James began with small walks. James gradually worked up from small steps to a very big hike. He was so happy his brother had encouraged him to keep trying.
She changed her mind and decided to practice, where she perfected her jumps and planned her tryout clothes. Tryouts came and she did a great job. She had to wait until she got the phone call that she was chosen.
Anna had heard of the famous Buffalo wings. She decided to go eat there next time she visited Buffalo. Next time she came to town, she tried the wings and found them to be delicious.
The kids were threatened with detention if they didn't play so they finally agreed. here were three, then two, then only one remaining participant. The winner of the musical chairs games got to take home sticker book.
Their teacher told them to refocuse their attention on the project that involved making a poster with pasted pictures and text. They spent all afternoon working on the project. When they turned it in, they received the highest grade in class.
He wanted a dog and his mother said he could have one. John got a dog and loved it very much. The dog made John very happy growing up.
He spent all his free time preparing and joined ROTC, but then was kicked out. When he turned 18, Rob immediately started working in an office. He was never happy.
He had to slow down when he reached a steep hill. It was a huge struggle to get up the hill. Tim thought about the awesome party and kept going to the top.
Seth works very hard to save money for a bike. Finally he has enough money to buy a bike. Seth is happy that he finally has a bike.
It also liked to eat peanuts but the mother knew it was unhealthy. Tina's mother demanded she stop feeding peanuts. Jack now angry squawks at Tina for not giving peanuts.
She had hosted a baby shower and had drink too much. What a mean girl she is to have not invited us. My daughter needs to find nicer friends
She was a naturally great cook! Finally she applied for a job at a restaurant. They hired Mya right away.
He planted the seeds. After a week the seeds sprouted. They grew into big, beautiful watermelons.
Her mom found one online, and said she had to take care of it. Ruby took very good care of her kitten. She named her kitten Fifi.
He ignored her and one day he was playing a game and jumped for the ball. He landed on the side of his foot twisting his ankle. He was out for the rest of the season.
I was hired by a restaurant. They had a great menu. I was excited for my first job.
I got into the ring the next time I tried though and fought against a person twice my size. I ended up hitting him and dodging all his blows. I was awarded a gold medal for my performance.
She was scared, but didn't run. And he was friendly, so there was no reason to call for help. Gina was relieved when the man simply sat down next to her.
The flock of birds were very aggressive and chased Roger to the edge of the mountain. Luckily, Roger evaded the birds before he had to jump off the cliff. Roger decided to never go back to that mountain.
Sandra tried her best to sneak in. She made it pretty far before the teachers caught her. Sandra got suspended for one week.
He asked his friend for suggestions. His friend told him about his lovely trip to the woods in Colorado the previous month. Robert decided to go to Colorado.
They played very determined to win. It was a tie game and then Timmy served the ball. The ball hit his brother in the leg to win the game!
Jim heard a police siren behind him but he knew he was going at a right speed level. The police car pulled over the car in front of him, the other car was speeding. Jim learned that it never pays off to speed while driving!
It started raining before I knew it. I ran through the house to my window. I saw trees toppling over from a tornado.
On his birthday he was hoping for his own truck. He didn't get one, and tried to act happy as he went upstairs to bed that night. Then he saw, on his bed, a brand new toy truck waiting for him!
A giant orange fireball did not fly into the air. When it landed, it did not spark at all. Luckily no one in the city was hurt.
I was up all night last night reading two other books for another class. Even though I play sports, I still try to do all of her homework. Tonight I can read whatever I want.
Most of them hated Carl. The ones that didn't got more educated than Carl. Carl felt more humble and respectful afterward.
Her mother went to the bathroom. Amy tookd advantage and glued the wig to her head. Amy's mother freaked and grounded her for a week
She took a sports car out for a test drive anyways When she got out she looked at the price. Rena decided to start saving for the new car
Halfway down the driveway, the garbage truck left. Then suddenly, trash spilled out all over. I spent an hour cleaning it up.
He's been trying forever to catch a foul but balls never come his way. Today a player hit a ball. It zoomed into the stands landing in Johnny's hands.
She asked her parents if she could visit them and stay for days. They had used her room and it was no longer available. They had to buy bunk beds so that there was room for Paige again.
I had to get off when I noticed that the rear door was open. For some weird reason I slammed to door on my own hip. I hurt so stinking bad.
What he did was he took a white sheet, fashioning a diaper. One of his friends had the same idea. They both had ghost babies wearing a sheet as a diaper.
Her thoughts were of him and how their eyes were locked when they finally met again. One day they both ran into each other at the mural after she moved back. They made sure they were never apart again.
She drifted off in the storm. But when she woke, she saw that she'd forgotten to close her window. Eva was wet from her head to her toes!
He gave camping a shot, but everything that could go wrong did. They ran out of food and spilled a ton of water. It was overall a negative experience.
Tim danced in the street as often as he could. One day a car almost hit him. Tim never danced in the street again.
He looked outside and he was very surprised when he saw a rainbow The rainbow ended right in front of his house. Sadly there was not a pot of gold.
The next time they went though, they called inside for someone and looked out back, but saw nothing. Finally the Cashier came out of the bathroom with a sheepish grin. The three of them shared a laugh about it.
Together, they went and caught lots of fireflies. They put the fireflies in a jar which illuminated their room. Lilly isn't afraid of the dark anymore.
He took her to the movies and then to a restaurant. When they were done eating he paid the bill. She said thank you and they began to plan their next date.
The next day, his back started hurting. He decided to stop working out for a while. He needed to let it heal.
I learned they were taking art courses. I paid them  to do a painting of the pond in front of their home. They did a nice winter landscape which we proudly hung in our home.
Ray hated being awakened in the middle of the night. Luckily Rocky came back right away Ray didn't have to call him. If Ray had been awake he would have noticed the dog never left the porch.
Our bartender was one of the most beautiful girls that I've ever met. I flirted with her shamelessly throughout the night. When she brought the bill, she slipped me a paper with her number.
She explained what happened to the coach and asked for a new tryout. The coach agreed and gave her a chance. She was offered a spot on the varsity team.
The new boy decided to introduce himself to Ellie. The boy turned out to be very nice. Ellie was happy that she had made a new friend.
One day he got another rock and popped it in his mouth and ate it. His mom was worried he did something horrible. It was rock candy he bought at the store.
Joe couldn't stop and stepped right in front of it. Joe was terrified and tried to run away. Joe managed to finish his jog before passing out in fear.
When I got another glass, when I was drinking it, I spilled some. It went on the couch. I immediately had to get stain remover.
He convinced them to come. They got stuck in a blizzard on the highway. They were unfortunately unable to attend his college graduation.
No terrible fight ensued. The mistress never got the best of Amy. Now coworker Amy is fine.
His kids started to cry as soon as they tried to leave. They were afraid of the babysitter! Tony gave the babysitter  money and had fun at the amusement park.
When she used the thigh machine, Joanne split her jeans. Joanne asked the attendant for a towel. She wrapped the towel around her waist and fled the room.
Joe took a bus for two hours to pick up his car. He drove the car and got halfway home. The car died on the road and had to be towed the rest of the way.
They didn't know how to tell the kids. They were so happy that it did. Maria lived a long healthy life after that cancer scare.
My friends and I had shots of whiskey. It was disgusting! I vowed to never drink again.
Jim decided they should try a computer game. They took turns playing Tetris. They had more fun than ever playing Tetris.
An orderly found her and screamed before she started running. She ran out out of the retirement home and down the road. She ran all the way to the next block before promptly throwing up.
Amy had slept at Lynn's and only brought pants. Now she wished she had shorts. Amy made them walk faster to get to the store and out of the heat.
The man hacked away at the vine until it was separated. The man finally found some and yanked the tomatoes from the vine. He threw the dead vine away in the bushes.
He went anyway, and it was a painful process. When it was done, tom thought it was ugly. He later went to get it removed.
All the furniture had already been moved to the truck. Now they were ready to load more boxes in the truck. The move was well underway.
The toilet was being repaired. I tried to wait although my bladder was too full. I ended up urinating on the ground.
For some reason, her friends left early. She opened her phone to check for any notifications. Then, she discovered that there was another concert nearby.
Then his mom bought him a small nightlight. She left it burning all night. The light helped Boy overcome his crippling fear.
The judge called us over and began the match. I was confident throughout the fight. At the end of the boxing match I KO my opponent and won.
Unfortunately Lily took longer to get ready in the morning once. That morning, they almost left without Lily. Lily made an effort to wake up earlier for the rest of the trip.
She was nervous but ready to lose. The pitcher throws the softball. Sandra strikes out.
When she was done her hands had a little chalk on them. Sam went to the bathroom to wash it all off. She cleaned her hands and fixed her shirt.
First place prize was ten thousand dollars. Arthur relented and entered, he won third place, which was one thousand dollars. The judges said his meat was too salty.
But now, they really topped anything from prior years. They glarred at him everyday from under their tree. Unable to stand it, John got a dog to scare them away.
At the salon, she told them that's what she wanted. The stlyist was shocked, but agreed. Susan loved her new hair cut.
The state didn't investigate and they kept him in office. He went to retirement shortly after. Now people like him the way they used to.
Due to working at different companies, there was no way they could get time off together. They decided to stay at a dingy motel nearby for one night. They still had a good time, however, just being together away from home.
His friends and family didn't have to convince him it was the right thing. Larry agreed and took the offer. He moved and had new experiences.
Finally he found some. He took photos of the prints nearest to the body. He took the film and sent it to the lab to be worked on.
As he was walking down the stairs at school, he didn't notice his shoes had come untied, and he tripped on his laces. He fell down a whole flight of stairs. He had to wear a cast on his broken arm for six weeks.
a car suddenly appeared from behind. The driver ended up crashing into Jerry. He blamed Jerry for the accident since he was driving fast.
She fights a tough legal battle. Finally she is released from jail. Lauren is happy to be single again.
Amy  ran over what she would say in her mind. Beth was next to her, but Amy felt nothing but dread. At Ella's Amy hesitated for a second, then told Beth how she felt.
We both got sent to the principal's office for talking. While there, she and I began to talk about our likes and dislikes. We realized we had a lot in common and became best friends.
Suddenly, someone ran up to the woman and attacked her. The two women began fighting violently. Mark quickly got away from them.
One year the was a bad freeze mid Spring. All of Stan's flowers died. Stan no longer sells flowers at the market.
He did a lot of leg strengthening exercises. He had a minutes limitation at the start of this season. He now never plays heavy minutes because of issues with his legs.
When she arrived, the kitchen was a bustle. She could not figure out what he was cooking. Together they gobbled down the food together.
Steve was given the feedback that he wasn't fast enough. Steve  changed his mind and worked on his speed and agility for a year. The following year Steve became a starter on the team.
His crew began slowly moving away bricks. They were mindful to look for anything of value left behind. What they found surprised them.
She wanted to put distance between herself and Alex, the bully who pulled her hair. Whenever he turned around to look at her, Jennifer scowled. Alex laughed so hard at her anger one time that he fell out of his seat and onto the ground.
Rob called her back over to his car. He dared to ask her for a date. To his surprise, she accepted his offer!
The kids were all very happy until it was time to leave. Our uncle called his office and pretended to be sick. They got to stay and hang out for an extra day.
She got all the confidence to find a new job. She decided to leave the company because it's not doing her good anymore. Feeling like a new person, she went to her new work.
One day he didn't help some people purchase a vaporizer. They told him they were dissatisfied and they complained to the owner. Tyler lost his job but swears he helped  the customers.
His dad let him buy some new soccer shoes. He practiced soccer for hours. Until his mother saw the shoes and took them away for being too expensive.
When she was done with the last cake, she delivered it to her. Her friend was thankful. Alana didn't make more.
He rushed his girlfriend to get ready for dates. Nobody liked the way he rushed things He knew he needed to slow things down, but didn't want to.
Lily spun the bottle. Lily had to kiss Tina. Lily reluctantly did so.
His best friend was sent a warning notice for illegally downloading music. He was charged with the crime. He has to pay a huge fine.
She is at home, very happy and excited. She likes French culture. I sent her this movie to watch over her break.
Bob kept swearing at his teammates even though they were winning. His teammates reported him after the game. Bob was banned from the game for a month afterwards.
He also bought sugar cereal and milk. His mom asked where dinner was. He happily ate his rotisserie chicken for dinner and smiled.
I wanted to keep track of time. I bought an analog wristwatch. It was too heavy, so I replaced it with a light digital one.
He brushed himself off, and left and went and ordered an ice cream and ate it. He read the paper. He walked home.
At 6 PM, her family brought a cake to her room and began singing. Eve was so happy and thankful. She never forgot that birthday.
He also joined Linked In to find better possibilities. He attended local professional meet ups. Bill eventually improved his professional network and found a new job.
She started attending lessons on the weekends. Her parents didn't hear a thing until a few months later. That's when Scarlett made the news for taking 1st in a tournament.
His video got him a spot in the show, so Jack practiced for hours a day on his routine. He was nervous about performing in front of so many people. Jack danced his heart out and won the talent show.
She wondered how long it would be until he did it again. A few months passed and things had gotten back to nornal. Misty was glad that she gave her boyfriend a second chance.
He packed some oatmeal for school lunch one day. Once arriving at school, he couldn't wait for lunchtime. Thomas was unhappy and sick by the end of lunch period.
He bit into them like he was starving. He soon realized these pickles were different then before. He burned his mouth because they were special hot pickles.
Fonda and Ricky decided to file bankruptcy to avoid trouble. Now they have to pay the bankruptcy trustee a bit of money every month. Fonda and Ricky are very regretful of their poor money choices.
She had to quickly purchase a new pair so she could continue working when she lost her old pair. When the new pair arrived she soon found that they hurt her ears. Sally carefully selected another pair that would better fit her ears.
But his friends got separated from him. He stayed put so his friends could find him. Thankfully, Ben's friends found him very soon.
One year, my oldest boy cousin was on a ladder hanging Christmas lights. I was feeling ornery, so I knocked him off the ladder by shaking it. My cousin chased me around with a snow shovel for an hour.
He went online to find a job that could needed no skills. He found a taxidermy job that paid well. Although it's not his dream job, he found a job that can support him.
He told me how little it would hurt, and I fell into a relieved sleep. I woke up to realize there was a small bloodstain on the couch. The tooth was out, and it hadn't caused any pain!
Ben spent his entire day eating nothing but ice cream. Later that night, Ben got a terrible stomach ache and he puked. Ben decided it wasn't a good idea to only eat ice cream for the day
His coach wanted to let Dan play. One day, Dan's team was winning by 60 points with only a minute to go. The coach put Joe into the game, and Joe was ecstatic.
He took $7000 out of his savings account to pay for it. He didn't need to buy a new car. He still has no monthly payments.
Ike had to drive two blocks down to find an open space to meet this friend. He put a quarter in the meter and walked to see his friend. At the dry cleaners, Ike forgot to pick up his suit.
Watching t.v. and the motion of the bus soon lulled him to sleep. When the bus abruptly stopped, Sam awakened. He had slept through his stop and was miles from work.
Eric noticed that his rice cooker had a porridge mode. So he cooked his oatmeal in the rice cooker. Eric was able to let the rice cooker do the cooking for him, but it burned the oatmeal.
Glen became very angry as it was not a challenge to beat the level. After being angered, Glen threw the game controller at his TV. The TV screen shattered and Glen had to stop playing the game.
On his first trip out on the water on a raft, they noticed an alligator. Quickly, they ran out of the water, but not before the alligator attacked. It took a bite out of the raft , but no one was hurt.
She ordered nuggets, pizza, and burgers. Lucy was tired of eating her grandmother's country cooking. She waited, anxious to eat some normal food.
France required him to get a passport. John watched and followed along with the other tourists. John got the passport and went to France.
One day, Ron couldn't find the bear anywhere. He and his mother looked and looked for the bear. Finally, they found the bear sitting in the bath tub.
Larry was most excited to see the back lot of Universal Studios. Once Larry reached the park, he went straight to the exhibit. Larry has the most fun being on the backlot.
The boy scouts asked him to buy cookies. Tom thought about it for a moment. Then Tom purchased several boxes of cookies.
It went down on Monday as well. Many people complained about the poor service. In response, the management decided to upgrade service to FIOS.
I asked her order afterwards. She asked for chicken and pasta. A few minutes later, our orders were ready.
They still had fun climbing, and saw deer, prairie dogs, and other animals. When they reached the mountain's summit, they stared in awe. The view of the valleys below was breathtaking and they forgot about the city.
Mike didn't hear him, so he didn't anything back. Bob then felt sorry about what he said. Bob greeted Mike and the two became good friends.
When she finally got it, there was a lot of clothes. She pulled them out one by one. Then, she called her aunt to thank her.
He exchanged it for another one. This ring was too big. She told him to sell the ring because she already knew he loved her.
Carlos told them bad things happen when people gamble here. The boyfriend doesn't listen and bets Cathy she can't hold her hand over a candle for a minute. Cathy's now vacationing in a burn ward and the boyfriend regrets not listening to Carlos.
As they were walking to the park they found a dog. The dog was super friendly but had no collar. They decided to take the dog home instead of playing extreme frisbee,  and Joey now has a new pet.
While he was reading, the neighbor's dog ran up to the fence, barking loudly. Enrique was startled and jumped back. The neighbor came and got the dog, apologizing profusely.
I also asked if he needs a menu to make an order. He told me if I knew the location to another restaurant. While being confused, I gave him some directions.
She told her mom about it. Her mom explained that it is bad to always take hot showers. Beth stopped doing it.
I wanteds a nice, red polo t-shirt for $20 dollars. I decided to try out a green one reluctantly. Since it was a perfect fit, I bought it.
She skated off a ramp and did a kickflip. She landed awkwardly on her ankle. She gave her friend ice to numb the pain.
After her mom told her how to make a candle she ordered the necessary supplies. She worked very hard making the candle perfect. Lacie loved her candle so much she started a candle business!
They saw a woman that ran around the store pointing out this and that deal. The woman was selling old tapes. They told her they'd buy some if they had any money.
He conditioned and trained for the dive for three months. He reached his goal depth the first dive! On the way up he felt accomplished and proud.
The librarian didn't see her because she had been in the back. Gina wasn't done reading before closing. She had to sleep there with her new book and go home tomorrow.
Kim asked her mother if they could be saved. Her mother was upset when she saw the shoes. She washed them but they were never white again.
He called the dentist to make an appointment. The dentist pulled Darrell's tooth. Darrell was very thankful for the helpful dentist.
Last week she bought white gloves. It wasn't for a special occasion. It was to make sure everything was dustless in her car.
He began to walk down my driveway with the bag. Suddenly, the bag ripped and trash fell everywhere. I  helped him clean up the spilled trash and put it in the trash can.
One day the doctor told her they'd detected a mass. She had to go for testing, and was so worried about the results and her worsening health. The mass turned out to be benign, and she was so relieved.
She didn't bring her notes and didn't want to guess at what could be substituted. Amy went to another store, and had them cut fabric. To her horror the fabric was off by 6" and she couldn't make the dress.
Even if it's just to a beach for a week. I asked both of my bosses if that would be possible. They said yes and my mom agreed to babysit so I could go!
The first few chapters were written in about another month. Chris finished the novel 3 months later. He sent the manuscript to the publisher to be published.
To her surprise, Beth and Amy laughed at the antics on the screen. When it was time to go Amy thanked Beth's mom for bringing her. When dropped off Amy told her mom how great the movie was.
He knew it would be safer than trying a new way. The Smith's ended up safely at their destinition. They always went the normal way.
She got helped inside where she could rest. She put ice on her injured foot. She felt much better after an hour.
He almost injured himself when he tried to ride a wave. He made one last attempt as he paddled with the wave. He stood and the board cracked in half, causing him to fall hard.
However, my first day went really well. By the end of the second day, I felt like an expert already. I am so glad I made a career change!
She went to the library and looked up different books. She found a book authored by Stephen King. She checked out the book and began reading it.
He decided to make himself a cup of coffee. The caffeine energized him and gave him energy. Eric's headache went away with the help of the coffee.
He had the gas pedal all the way to the floor! George was pulled over by a police officer. He had his car towed to a garage because he had also lost his license.
I ran downstairs to grab the cat. When I picked the cat up, he panicked and swatted me instead. I bought a cat crate that afternoon.
Unfortunately all the bikes cost more then Paul had to spend. He did odd jobs for a week to raise the money. Paul went back to the store and purchased a new bike he liked.
Her friend played a joke on her and pushed her into the pool. Sophia panicked and was drowning. Her friend had to jump in and save her life.
The mother had thought the baby would be too small to play. The next day Amy received a picture of the baby with the toy. She was happy that the baby had loved the toy
Then she decided she had to visit the most famous shopping mall of all. She took a bus to the shopping mall and spent all day there. Lee was very impressed with all the merchandise she found there!
Sam then noticed that the bread was smashed. He didn't want to use it. Sam went to the store to buy new bread instead.
He decided to apply for a job coaching track at his school. When he got the job, Josh felt proud and happy. His dream of having a job at his old high school had come true.
The next day before I left, the chest pain got worse. I went to the doctor. The doctor said my pain was just heartburn.
When she was almost done, customers finally started to come. They all walked by her table and were impressed with her preparation. Kim sat in her chair to answer questions for customers.
I back tracked and couldn't find my dog. I looked for several minutes. When I looked to my right my dog had been hiding.
But something was wrong with the oven and it started a fire. Hannah took a fire extinguisher and started to take out the flames. It ended up growing and she had to call the fire department.
He ran into a tiny dog. The dog was holding something. It was a large bone!
He tried it and moved on to the milder sushis. Eventually, he finally tried the hottest piece of sushi. Sam dunked his face into a bucket of water trying to cool off.
Tommy's mother and father discussed his problem. After speaking to Tommy about what could be done, they decided to get a therapist. Now Tommy is happy to alleviate his fears and love dogs again.
She continued to inspect the tree for any good looking apples. All were duds and no good ones. She knew she'd have to use store bought apples to made the pie.
His mother got distracted by a phone call and stopped hiding to take it. When he finally came to find her, she was on the phone! Chuckling, Jake tiptoed out of the room.
The bus driver was nice and friendly. We talked the entire time. I gave him a good tip for his service.
He went out on a boat early in the morning anyway. Billy didn't realize how boring it would be waiting for the fish! Just when he was about to give up he finally caught one.
It caused a bad accident. The police found out she put glue on her teacher's chair. She got in big trouble.
Mark never wore earplugs or hearing protection. Mark still lost a significant amount of hearing ability. Mark still pines for days gone by.
Jim packed his bags and was ready well in advance. Jim left early and drove home for the holidays. His family was excited to see him and he was excited to see them.
She had second thoughts and went to a drug store to get a test, and she took the test in the store bathroom. While she waited for an answer, she tried to stay calm. Luckily, the test came out negative.
Gina's mom tried to eavesdrop but was unable to hear anything. Gina told her mom what the girl said. Gina never saw the girl again.
His friends tried to get him to join against Glenn. He wasn't scared at all and he believed in himself. Gabe ended up beating Glenn.
I talked with a salesman who said the sale was over yesterday. I asked to speak with the owner or the head manager. I learned the dealership negotiated all the prices and left.
Saw none our favorite shows at Disneyland. We didn't quite do everything we wanted. But we are all happy and exhausted now.
Her aunt jumped, but something was wrong. When she landed, she was unconscious and floating face down. Her uncle jumped in to help her, and she was okay, but it was scary.
He woke his family up to prepare in case they need to evacuate. In less than an hour police came to their door to tell them to leave. After Fred's family evacuated, their whole neighborhood was buried.
Next to the bathroom he found a soda machine that was knocked over. The man forgot about his picnic and investigated the machine. He could tell someone pushed it over and stole the money inside.
I regretted my decision with the job and really wanted the temporary job back. Thankfully, they were still looking for part time people. I quit my full time  job and applied back to the old job.
Josh dedicated a half acre plot of land to his new garden and floral plants. He planted several different plants. His new garden flourished.
He insisted her to finish latest one she had made. Several days later, she noticed angry red spots on his back and torso. She didn't know he was allergic to the yarn she had been using.
When her mind when blank she heard the song. She tried to listen to the radio to find the song. After a few country songs she forgot all about the first one.
The gold market crashed earlier this year. He decided to sell his gold. He bought stocks with the money instead.
The haggard old man questioned Phoenix, and he explained why he was there. With the man's permission, Phoenix wandered into his potato field. Phoenix scattered his father's ashes in the field where he had grown.
They looked very comfortable with their wedding outfits. The ceremony was perfect. The couple looked so happy together.
On the next ride, the car became stuck on the track. He was terrified, and began to panic. Luckily, the ride was fixed quickly.
His new boss noticed and decided to honor his hard work. He gave him a promotion. Sam is happy to see that his hard work is paying off.
At the bottom, she found what she was looking for anyway. A treasure chest with gold inlays. She lifted it from the ground and claimed the gold inside.
Annie thought that it would be funny to prank her. She smacked Sarah's  umbrella to scare her. Sarah cried out in fear and Annie realized she had gone too far.
I arrived and bought the eggs. Next, I paid for the eggs and went home. Finally, I opened the eggs only to find out they were spoiled.
One day a talent scout heard the podcast for his show. Afterward they discussed new opportunities for Fred. Fred now tells jokes to packed stadiums.
They had to stand all the way back. Fortunately her father was very tall as well. They both were able to lean over others in front of them so they could see the action.
Eve and her friends would randomly call and try to stalk Logan. Logan went to his cell phone carrier and had them change his number. Eve and her friends were never able to reach him again.
There was a seat down the stairs that was blocked off. But Lisa decided to try to reach it. As she descended down the steps, she sprained her ankle.
This made Amy happy because she wanted to keep her job. Amy watched the clock intently to find out if she would be on time. She was devastated to hear the bus driver say the bus blew a tire.
But he didn't want to disappoint his mother. He tried to be serious, but was not enjoying it. Jack made all the parents mad when he faked yawned and checked his watch.
Ironically, Derek is now a math teacher. He's learned to love math and gets to be around it every day. Derek wants to become a math wizard!
This year, she stayed inside and watched Netflix. To her, it was vastly preferable to seeing spiders. She asserts that it was the best Halloween she ever had.
I get in trouble when I don't include her. Being the older one is hard. Now I know how my big sister feels.
He saw a display of very unhealthy cookies. Tom wanted the cookies, but he also wanted to stick to his diet. Tom was strong and decided not to get the cookies.
However to her dismay it would not iron straight. She was nervous about going to school like that. She ended up wearing a baseball cap instead.
Jerry called a meeting. Jerry issued commands to everyone. Everyone agreed and followed orders.
She spent all morning making the card. When she was done, she gave her friend the card. Fortunately her friend loved it.
Later at recess, he asked the teacher if they could ride bikes around the playground. His teacher said yes. Lenny rode his bike with his friends at school.
When lunch time came Cassie had nothing to eat. Jen laughed at her for not having anything to eat. Cassie took Jen's lunch.
Previously, she would wait for it to come in the mail. She used to get it in the mail and was excited. Whenever she opened the box to see what was in it, all she felt was disappointment.
Ella was shocked to find out it was twin boys though. She was shocked but then thrilled. Ella decided she'd have double the joy!
But it would not fit and he couldn't afford alterations. Then he decided to just wear his old suit. Nate looked great in his suit!
She woke up to a loud crashing sound. Kelly screamed. A thunderstorm was brewing.
They decided to date. Later on, he hears that Helen actually find out hideous. He is hurt badly and decides not to hang out with her.
We walked into the movie, when a shadowy figure appeared. The person asked us if we would like tickets to the sold out movie. We said we already had tickets and watched the movie.
None of them were able to anymore. Instead they got stoned and just hung out. Loyd had fun and plans to try again next weekend.
After finishing the cake, she went back to the cookies, and suddenly the leg of the gingerbread guy broke off. She was so disappointed. Luckily, there were plenty of other cookies.
So, today, I went to the grocery. I bought some oranges. I always follow good advice.
She needed something fun to do with the kids. Christa asked her aunt if she could take them to a movie. Christa's aunt agreed and they went to see a movie.
They called his family. His family was devastated. They had a funeral for him.
Harry decided to go shopping for a second suit. He bought a slim-fitting charcoal suit. Finally, Harry had another suit!
Amy's friend Sue had reminded Amy that Beth was her friend for 10 years. She convinced Amy to forgive her friend. Amy was glas she took Sue's Advice.
When he got home he wanted to sleep it off. He felt much better afterwards. Jake sighed in relief.
What she didn't realize is that it already had salt on it. His dad told him to put salt on it too. It was so salty that he got sick.
He woke up  because he thought he heard something. Then a flowing white figure came out and jumped him. It turns out it was just his friend with a sheet over his head.
Ronald took a bite of his steak. The texture was tough, but enjoyable. From that night on, Ronald was a fan of their steak.
I made provisions for a recently born nephew other than the donation though. I had my plan notarized by a notary republic. I refiled my plans in court.
He is starting to get better and but still is embarrassed. He will not play in front of his mom and dad. We love to listen to our son learn the guitar.
She hears someone talk to her. Suddenly, she realized it was her friend. They then talked for hours!
Sara practiced every day after school. She decided to audition, and she was not worried about how she did. The judges loved Sara's performance and she was accepted in the show.
After she arrived at work one morning, she decided to make a change even though the work wasn't so bad anymore. Tina quit her job that same day and called her friend to tell her. Her friend was happy for her and now they run their own shop together.
Scrutinizing the house, she frowned. Kate had no idea what they did to it! She had to ask them.
Jason refused to eat a dill pickle at school. His teacher forced him to eat the pickle before he could leave the table. He eventually ate the pickle.
She was excited by the thrill of bungy jumping. The experience was amazing. Dana already booked her second jump.
John has been trying out new Gluten Free pizza places twice a week. John realized he could not fit into his clothes anymore. John didn't realize all the pizza he was consuming made him fat.
The audience wondered what happened to Fred. A member of the crew noticed and woke him up. Fred went on to answer questions for another hour.
The good on sale were very mismatched, still he didnt have any money. He went back home and decided to save for next time. The man claimed he will work very hard in order to save some money.
He was praised by the teacher. He got an A on his test. He learned to always study.
One day he finally makes an appointment to have the procedure. It is a big change. Although he doesn't love having artificial hair, it's better than thin hair.
Then, they put all of the ingredients together. They put it in the oven. Then, they ate the cake with milk.
People were willing to play with Ted and Tim. They played some doubles. Ted and Tim went back home, exhausted after hours of table tennis.
The next week, Meg surprisingly got pregnant. Her co-workers laughed at her. Meg was embarrassed.
He decided to pack his bags for a long trip anyway, Tom took off on a long trip. Tom had an amazing time on his road trip adventure and started to enjoy long trips.
She knew she hadn't turned on the radio and pulled over because she was scared! A passing stranger saw her distress and stopped. He helped calm her down.
Her grandpa bought her a bag of cookies. She instructed him to return them and only have carrots. Lucy was sad to only snack on carrots.
Beth let out a little shout when she went inside. Her friend laughed and wanted to know why she shouted. Beth was just shocked by the warmth in the building hitting her.
Today, my muse appeared as usual. A story popped into my head and I wrote for almost three hours. I hope my muse comes back to visit tomorrow.
Now, her and her husband have enough money to be more independent. My sister decided she really wanted a big family. She is back on the path to pregnancy.
I have noticed many ads stating that they can cut my bill in half. My brother switch phone providers and has saved a lot of money. I don't think his provider can save me money though.
My favorite food had been pizza and chips. I had gained forty pounds and had a wake up call. I started my diet and hopefully I continue to stick with it.
Scanning the junk though,she noticed a vase. It was just what she was looking for. Julie happily took it home and put flowers in it.
Suddenly, their weight caused the shelf to tip. It fell backwards on top of Kenzie. Luckily, she didn't get hurt.
A consultant would be by to sell a new premium shampoo. The hair salon decided to give it a try on a few customers. The customers were pleased so they carried the shampoo.
The professor told us this exam is worth 90 percent of our grade. When the test began I was actually sleeping. When I was able to retake the final,  I scored very well and I was relieved.
One day, my cousins played hide and seek inside the house. We heard a noise coming from the room. We all ran faster than ever to get away!
He spent months perfecting his pizza recipe anyway. He still quit his job and opened his restaurant for business, and people flooded in! It was best decision of his life.
She never is one to practice very hard. Her French never improves. Jennifer would never be able to speak French.
I needed to cover the mistake. I decided to scribble it out with the pen. I did not like the scribbles so I went and bought white out.
She quickly began to complain and accused me of lowering it. I pretended to not know anything about the situation. She bundled herself up in blankets and didn't believe me.
It was an essay question that I was unprepared for. I decided to cheat. Naturally, I passed the exam.
One day, Jeff came begging to his father for a better position in the business. Jim and Jeff's father was elated that Jeff had come home and the father gave Jeff a promotion. Enraged that his dad would even consider giving Jeff a promotion, Jim quit.
Then it fell off the nightstand and it broke. Cal stopped by the store on his way home and bought a new one. He was more careful with his new alarm clock the next day.
Whitney was good at puzzles. Her friend decided to give the puzzle to Whitney. Whitney was very happy.
With her fast feet, she never fell down! Skating wasn't nearly as hard as she expected. She got good in order to compete.
She knew what she needed to do. She faced the dogs and yelled and stomped her feet so they'd run back to her boyfriend. The dogs yelped and ran away.
Rich became a weekend bartender because it was fun but did not tell girlfriend. While he was at the bar, Rich saw his girlfriend enter with a new man. Rich broke up with her on the spot and saved himself a ton of cash!
He decided to spend the day exploring nature with his children. They went hiking for many hours. When they got back home, Dad felt ready to tackle the next week.
But he had a hard time agreeing on a movie with Devin Then they decided to flip a coin. They ended up seeing an action movie, and loving it!
He and his friends excitedly went out and began knocking on doors. Rob was having a great time. He was happy to see how much candy he had at the end of the night.
She got out of bed and got an extra comforter because the heater wasn't enough. Then she curled up under it. She felt a lot warmer!
He realized the friend was telling jokes. Bill decided to memorize many funny jokes. Bill was able to be the life a party by telling jokes himself.
One my one, each of the lawyers arrived. I greeted them all with a smile. My nerves quickly left me as each of them returned a smile.
With little consideration, she went outside with it. She raised it up in the air and pulled the trigger. She hit a bullseye on the target set up out in her yard.
Her and the other students were disappointed. The cooking class was rescheduled for tomorrow. Kya went home.
The professor used this test to fail everyone in the class. The next day there was only one student left in the class. The professor commended the student on being the best cheater.
But he actually fell down repeatedly when trying to ice skate. His friends laughed at him many times. Joey never wanted to go ice skating again.
As he was preparing to return, he saw that the radio was broken. He had to fix it quickly so he could communicate. He fixed it in 1 hour and could communicate with NASA.
I finally found one and went to the store to buy all of the ingredients to make pancakes. When I got back home I followed the recipe and made lots of pancakes. When I was done I got to eat all of them, which was my favorite part!
On his way to work the bus got a flat tire. He was waiting in the bus while it was being fixing and was late to work. Ned bought a car but still rides his bike even in the rainy now.
After searching for the perfect pet, we found an adorable Himalayan. She was so cute! We brought her home and named her Lily!
Unfortunately, she couldn't get the dough to work. She tried her best to shape it properly and bake it. When it came out, it looking nothing like what she wanted.
They picked no up and coming athletes from college. The owners were happy with the management's decisions. The Celtics had a winning record the following season.
However, when a crime spree struck the city, the chief called and hired him again. He told Harry to stop crime and do whatever it took. Harry killed many bad guys and the crime spree stopped.
A graphic site still appeared on the screen. Ben tried to close it. However, more pop ups appeared.
She tried it but something went wrong. Her hair came out horribly dry. It turned out that she had used not enough oil.
One late night she insisted on baking a coffee cake. She put the cake in the oven, went to her room and fell asleep. The smell of coffee cake on fire made May laugh.
She walked home trying to find them. Suddenly, she found her glasses. They had been completely destroyed by someone.
But he pays no attention to her because he is too busy gaming. In a fit of jealous rage she smashes the PS4 to bits with a hammer. Jim breaks up with her immediately.
She gets Bobby to quit drinking. She finds out Bobby is painfully boring when he doesn't have his occasional drink. She has to dump him.
She didn't like what we saw and went to a shelter instead. One sad-looking, big, brown mutt jumped up on her. Liz adopted him immediately.
One year for Christmas her grandfather bought her a dog. The dog became Carrie's constant companion. Carrie named her new friend Melody, but still wished she had siblings.
Jill connected with Jessica and liked her profile. Jessica was just as shy as Jill. Together, they learned to be braver than they were apart.
The technician wondered what they might do next. He gathered several other excited workers. They had much to celebrate.
He walked around the house feeling bad about himself. Ben's roommate approached him. By the end of the night, Ben had received from advice about making connections.
For me sometimes it felt more like being put on the rack. You know, that medieval torture device that pulled your limbs apart. I still like to experience that kind of fun over and over again!
Most night he would just settle so he could guarantee he had someone. Tonight he brought home a very special dog, or he thought she was. In the morning he told the dog she calmed him so she was loved.
This didn't work as spiders kept on appearing, she heard eucalyptus oil was great to keep them away. Hanna sprayed everywhere with an oil and water mixture. It seemed to stop them from wanting to come inside.
Mary's mother did not allow her to wear makeup. When Mary's mother saw the pictures, she was pleased. She decided that Mary should take another picture without makeup.
He thought that this was way too few for him to make. He worked his hardest for many days. After 7 days, he filled the order and earned his pay.
But it soon turned out that the job was too hard for Tim to do. He was going to get fired so he asked his old job if he can come back. The old job took Tim back happily.
She didn't get in shape. She didn't redecorate her home. She wasn't ready to start over.
When I came into a front of the outlet, there was a sign. It said that the mall was closed for a week. I went home after seeing the sign.
A man looked at the book and placed his hands in his jacket. No one seemed to notice him as he walked out the door. The man ran as soon as he was outside the library.
She felt like she had to overcome this fear. Kelsi decided to seek help. She found a great coach to help her with her stage fright.
Their candles were completely different smells! Gabriela was very excited for the project. She began making a candle as fast as she could.
He was so cocky that he decided he could win the game without even caring, but he did not notice the other players plotting. They outmaneuvered him. And so he lost the game.
I promptly got up out of my office chair and headed out. I stopped by the local coffee shop and got some delicious coffee. Before long I was wide awake again!
One day he noticed his coop was empty. He was worried but soon he found why. Those chickens been eaten.
Last Friday Madison could not do any homework because she was going dancing. Next week, she danced on Thursday. She was able to do homework with her brother that Friday!
One day a guy she liked said he played piano. Mary went home and practiced so much she forgot about the guy. She became a concert musician and never thought of the guy again.
Nancy began to argue with her boyfriend during the show. Vinny told them to calm down. Both of them stopped arguing and instead, tried to fight Vinny.
Her mom needed the phone to make a call and got it from Cindy. She ended up whining on the floor. Her mom wasn't concerned and walked away.
The artist sat us down to paint. When she painted, I got up and left. She was able to take me out of the picture and finish.
One he arrived, they ordered pizza and ate it. Afterwards, they played with their video games and action figures. John and his friend didn't go to sleep until almost twelve.
When others wanted to be 1st mate, he said no. This made everyone mad. Tim felt bad and decided to let others be 1st mate.
The ups person came right to my door with it. I was shocked. I will definitely send it back.
Sunday came and she and her mother went outside and her mother made her read out there too. Amy sat on the porch sulking. Finally her mother allowed her to sit outside without reading.
Unfortunately he failed to make alliances. His floater status kept him in the game for a long time. He was finally voted out in 6th place.
She found it a little interesting though. It was basically a non-fictional romantic themed book. She decided to give it a try to read it.
He was glad to have found a way into the party. Steven asked a friend he knew if he was going. The friend said no and Steve had gone by himself.
The customer support worker spoke well. He answered Kris's concerns in a understandable manner. Kris was satisfied and hung the phone up.
The cat's owner tried to play with him using a fancy cat toy. The cat ignored the toy. The cat begged for tuna instead.
They both laughed at the picture and their private joke. Lucy was happy they had an inside joke. Lucy went to her room and hid the picture.
I went to work. My boss realized I had been drinking. He kicked me out of the building.
He almost ran. He decided to see what was up. After inspecting the man he realized it was just the neighbor.
The people were trying to bury her outside of the grocery store. Since nobody wanted to help a kind woman decided to help. Finally the runt had a grave.
It was a surprise I didn't look forward to working with them again. I will be just as unfriendly in return.
No mosquitoes ended up biting me. I had no sores on my legs. My mom didn't have to treat any spots with alcohol.
Then he wanted some apple pie. The pie was spoiled. Rob decided to eat more cereal.
She usually made half of that. She soon found out why the pay was so high. The two kids required tutoring.
He tried it on. He watched a few wingsuit tutorials on youtube That weekend Randy went to Yosemite for his first wingsuit flight
He said he would pass her if he listened to the top student carefully. Kellen studied hard with her classmate. Kellen eventually passed her geometry class.
The prisoner waited until a guard was distracted. He read the piece of paper. Once inside, he put the piece of paper under his pillow.
She wanted to sleep but didn't want to dream. When she did sleep, her dreams were of her ex boyfriend that she loved very much. After a few months her heart healed and she slept with no sad dreams.
His mom worried for his happiness, seeing him sad and unsatisfied. Finally Paul came out, bringing a boyfriend home for dinner. His mom was so happy to see him happy, she cried!
As I was exiting, I slipped into a small puddle by a wet floor sign. A worker ran over to help me up and apologized. I said it was okay and continued leaving.
He could feel the boredom breathing down his neck. He asked his ISP if he could get a lower rate. He got the lower rate.
I felt bad for him. I read the letter, and gave him twenty dollars. It was only later that I realized he was faking his blindness!
Sam wore his new hat while snowboarding His friends complimented his hat Sam thanked his mom for giving him such a wonderful present.
After unloading the plant, and bring it in, they saw it was too tall. Bob brought it back outside and trimmed it with a chainsaw. When he brought it back inside, it fit nicely inside the house.
Google stated that the flight would cost $340 without air miles. Ryan felt unhappy with that price quote. He called his flight attendant friend who bought him a cheaper ticket with air miles.
Suddenly, they heard an animal growl in the distance. They were scared so they began to run. Luckily, they made it inside safely.
We were having a good time until someone recognize our voice. The person was our next door neighbor staying out-of-state on vacation. Our parents found out and we got grounded.
He would have bought all the necessary supplies. Ted and his friends would have chosen a lake spot. Ted was disappointed that he couldn't go camping with his buddies.
He woke up early the next morning. He had forgotten to turn the lights off. He got up and shut them off and got in the shower.
He thought he would have to wait weeks to hear the actual results. Much to his surprise, the coach called and offered him a position. He was so excited he ran through the house screaming.
A plain pair of gloves to help her out on the farm. He wrapped them in a horse-theme wrapping paper. She was touched when she saw what her gift was.
His car started rattling as he kept driving. Jake decided to turn the music down. Even he had limits on how loud music should be.
Then, her tummy hurt and it got so bad that she couldn't stand it. She asked her teacher if she could call her mom to go home. Her mom picked her up and she was able to go home and rest
Jed was angry though, and Jed glared at Bob. Bob pointed and laughed at Jed mockingly. Jed got so mad, he punched Bob right in the face!
Upon hearing about the park, Bill was shocked by what he heard. Bill realized that the amusement park was a giant water park. Bill was upset that another water park was opened in the area.
Mark dove into the water and swam to the seal. He brought the seal to the shore where he could call wildlife specialists. The onlookers thanked Mark for a job well done saving him.
When he got there, the strawberry flavor was gone. Sam reluctantly tried the vanilla flavor instead. Sam decided that strawberry was still his favorite!
Gina knew she had to work on a report. But she was having a good time hanging out with Pam. After 2 hours she had forgotten all about her report.
I got roller skates for my birthday, and they were too small. The rest of my body started growing and but my feel still did, too. Now I still have those roller skates and they never fit.
Bob gets sick from the stress of his job Bob quits his job. Bob feels better because he gets to spend more time with his dog.
On test day, he was calm and reasonably confident. He breathed deeply and did the best he could. To his joy, the tester said he passed - with flying colors!
He forgot to feed them yesterday. Tom thought he would lost his new pets. He found them starving.
He decided to convert the attic for himself and his siblings bedroom. He moved all of their junk into the basement and moved in. Darius was much happier having shared  the space.
She followed the recipe. She added extra spices because she loved hot food. She had to throw the chili out because it was way too spicy.
I opened the call as a surprise. After I did, a man sitting on the right waved hi. When I asked who that person is, she hesitated for a little bit.
She started laughing at one point. Before it was over she left. It was too emotionally draining.
Larry wanted to pan for gold all morning and all afternoon. Larry got no gold to equal to nothing. Larry went home feeling miserable.
Buck found Bill in a clearing. Bill had been wounded in his left leg. The doctors said he would walk with a limp forever!
I saw a friend there yesterday. We spoke for hours and then bought some snacks. Then he left and we part ways.
He owed the success to his new private tutor. One on one learning was just what Jude needed. His "A" in math made Jude very proud.
I laid in wait to see his reaction. I heard footsteps approaching. It was too late when I threw the balloon and realized it was my dad!
Ben began to argue with his friend who was very confused. Ben decided to fight him, and the two fought for a minute. Ben's other friend ran over and separated the two and they stopped.
Kevin could not find his keys in his backpack. He did not panic since he has no work today. When he reached in his pockets, he found his keys.
However I then realized they weren't cooking and plugged in the toaster. I went to check on them after I forgot for a bit. They were burnt to a crisp.
Jerome called AAA. They brought a new tire over within an hour. They fixed the tire and Jerome resumed driving to his destination.
She  always knew she wanted the duck to be medium-rare, and not overcooked. She normally cooked the duck breast to a perfect medium rare in a pan. Lauren was proud that she could cook better than a chef.
He went to the furniture store to check some out. They all looked too ugly or felt too stiff. He decided to stick with the one he had instead and his girlfriend was pleased.
As she looked to the window she saw a small shadow. The curtain rustled and she was happily surprised. It was a tiny kitten scratching to get in from the cold.
It was a small lottery and she told her mom. Now she has to treat herself. Jessika kept playing the lottery.
Then, she used her shirt to wipe it. There were a few spots left. After finishing the last spots, the camera was clean.
He studied day and night by himself until he felt confident in the material. Elvin went to class prepared for the test. He had the second highest score in the class, and he passed.
It took so long to scoop the tiny sample out that most of it melted. He told people it tasted much like a warm espresso or a slushie. Everyone thought he was lying to keep this secret to himself.
He would never explain why he always kept his old one. All his friends decided his old glove must be secretly valuable. Jacob loved messing with his friends' heads in this way.
His mom lived on the tenth floor of a high rise. She dropped the pills out the window but they fell onto the ground. My nephew was angry as the pills were pulverized.
Finally, her counselor had to call her mom to see f she went home. Tayler was sad and tried to find her. Unfortunately, Briana was to not at home.
Lucy got tired and moped around throwing things down. Her grandmother took her over her knee and spanked her. The spanking changed her attitude.
She wished there was a surgery that would correct her deafness. She couldn't understand why there wasn't. Over time she adjusted and accepted that she would never hear again.
She got her rake and raked them back into her neighbor Tom's back yard. Tom saw that Alice had raked leaves into his yard but he wasn't upset. Tom went outside, put the leaves into a bag, and disposed of them.
When they opened it again, we jumped out into the sky and fell into the fierce biting wind. The ground looked so far away and it didn't look like we were moving. The chute opened and we hung in the sky like an ornament on a tree.
After a while of playing without the capo, I wanted the capo back. When I looked around for the capo, I forgot where I put it. I eventually found it inside the case and resumed playing.
He thought it was the wrong exit off the highway. It was a different exit. He ended up driving right past it on I-95.
Lisa wanted to get her something special to help her feel better. She decided on a friendship necklace. Her friend was very happy when Lisa gave it to her.
She would help keep things organized while she was there. Jana was offered a paid internship by the Librarian. Jana was happy to get paid to hide from the bullies.
Due to this, Josh had trouble reading on a 1st grade level. His mom helped him practice the sounds he couldn't pronounce. Josh learned to read that year!
He grabbed a CD to use as a template to improve his chart. With the CD he drew a perfect circle. After filling in the data it looked quite sharp.
She saw a circle of six tourists telling stories. She asked could she be involved with their storytelling. Brenda was amazed at how easily the tourists told story and they had many.
She thought maybe Walgreen's gave her too many. She received a text message from Walgreen's that they had double her presciption. She took back the extra pills that same day.
I scrolled through the options and found a good pair at full cost. There were a pair for $60 dollars however, there was a few left. I purchased it quickly and got the boots.
Warren asked for my number. When I got home from work we talked all night. Warren has become one of my best friends!
She was able to charge the phone. Then she plugged her phone into a different outlet to see what is the problem. It turned out to be a blown home fuse.
When the contest ended, another boy was the clear winner. The boy got a trophy and put it on his bookshelf. He saw with dismay that he had no books left to read.
She decided to order online the same charger for her mom. It arrived within a couple of days. Her mom loved it, it charged her phone much better.
She waved to a girl who waved back. The teacher scowled. Gina moved to the desk close to the girl.
He tried making pizza. The pizza burned in the oven! He ordered Chinese and everyone was happy!
He wanted to make sure his cat was healthy the next day. He poured the cat a big bowl of water. He enjoyed his evening sleeping with his cat.
She knew that she needed to do something about her clutter. So she made a plan to get rid of 2,000 items every day for a week. Roxy's house is much cleaner one week later.
When the library closed, Stephanie stayed. Finally Stephanie took the exam. She was glad she had studied so hard for her exam.
Her dad insisted on listening to his music loudly. Amy couldn't hear her music because his was so loud. Amy stared out the window dreading the last 2 hours.
She was baffled when the update wouldn't finish all the way. She cursed to herself when she discovered she had a faulty anti virus software. Wilma was unhappy to spend the evening struggling with the anti virus software..
He decided to deny his ex-wife of her rights. One night, there was a big mistake and Daniel got caught in his lies. His wife took him to court but decided to drop the charges.
Timmy thought he wasn't big enough to take care of himself. He didn't want to wander into a snake pit. Timmy was always careful when camping.
Eventually I had too many stuffed animals to keep sell. I put most of them away in the attic. I still keep my favorites on my bedside table.
She accidentally clicked the link and began watching the video. That's when she saw that the subject of the video was really dark. She decided to close the video right away.
The heads were strongly attached. I am disabled and need a shower brush. I had shopped online and bought sturdy brushes.
One day they decided to race again. John's motor blew up. Sam won the race.
Taking matters into her own hands, she brewed a pot for the first time. Happily she poured her coffee and took a sip. Mary spit it out, learning the hard way that brewing was an art.
They found the biggest tree in the park, and the kids scrambled up it. When they got to the top, they realized they'd didn't want to leave. Their mother had to be called to get them out of the tree!
The rain became so extreme that Tim could hardly see. Tim walked around aimlessly in the rain for an hour. He eventually missed his first class before the rain stopped.
I couldn't believe how long the line was but it moved quickly. When I was done shopping, everything had taken just an hour. I knew I'd go back again.
When I win he makes a bet to get me to play again. In a few games we are betting lots of money and diving everywhere. I crash right into and knock over an old dresser trying to get ball.
She was reluctant but eventually knew she needed to. She got off stage and began leaving. It was so bad it was embarrassing  and she left quickly.
Her mother found her hiding in the woods and spanked her. Katie stuffed her underwear with cotton batting to protect herself. She hid in the woods again.
She decided to vacuum her rug afterwards. She cleaned her room very well. She put the vacuum away.
They saw a wide variety of horses of different sizes and colors. The two friends did not enjoy watching the different events. At the end of the day they left the show very disappointed about riding.
She finally got over the disappointment, and tried again. She didn't burn it, but it was not flavored enough. Her mom complimented her, but Beth still felt bad.
The train was headed to Los Angeles. It was a 2 hour train ride. Pam and her girls hated the train ride.
Shaun wondered how many people stored keys under mats and looked under his neighbor's out of curiosity. Shaun got arrested for suspicious behavior. He had a really hard time explaining this one.
Janice suffered a bruise to her foot and went to a doctor. The roofer refused to pay her medical bills and denied responsibility. Janice obtained a lawyer, suing the roofer for negligent injury.
He took off the shoes and noticed they got coffee spilled on them. Worst it ruined his shoes! Cal drove to the store and bought new shoes.
He wanted to draw a beautiful pattern that was very unlike a parking lot. He got more paint and  signed his name at the bottom corner of the lot. People walked by and thought he was a performance artist.
The temperature had dropped dramatically. They were dead because they had frosted over. She learns that basil needs to be planted earlier in the year.
Mitchell learned everything he could about the new game. He practiced every day. Now, Mitchell is good at chess and basketball.
Bart did the challenge anyway and Nelli checked in on him every day. Bart always reported success and was totally silent on social media. He actually cheated the challenge each day with phone web browsing.
When she got home, she locked her keys in her car - and it was still running! Ivy hurried to her neighbor's house to call the auto club for help. They arrived soon and opened the doors for her.
But he decided to stay at a friend's house because he was tired instead. They spent the night playing games and watching movies. He decided that it was much more fun than a party.
They never talked for hours and hours. Daniel and Sarah both began to avoid eachother. Daniel was sad that he never made a new friend.
One day, it fell off so Larry researched the best door knobs until finally he found a good one. He replaced the doorknob himself. Now Larry is satisfied that he no longer has a worn doorknob.
Surprisingly, her grandma arrived that morning. She had a fun surprise for Judy. Her socks had a crazy Christmas theme.
Lawe and Order was her absolute favorite show. She immediately turned on the channel and dug out the popcorn. She was in the happiest place right now.
I didn't have enough money at first so I worked extra hours. I kept this from her to surprise with the gift I would be able to buy. She told me one morning she knew what I was doing, kissing me.
Her mom immediately congratulated her. Her mom also tried to call her husband. Jen had already told her dad.
One day, with her head held high, she walked down the streets. Suddenly, a stranger gave her a quick hug and walked away. Missy felt happier, turns out she needed was some human kindness.
The kids sat still and watched the movie for the most part. When the movie was over, we had no mess. The workers that were ready with a broom smiled since they didn't have to clean up after us.
One day he woke with his family and the smile rushed to his face. There was a note on the dresser and he read it. His family now was all he had.
Michelle ignored the server and popped the morsel into her mouth. Delicious flavor and taste exploded across her tastebuds. Michelle continued to ignore the server and took another hors d'oeuvres.
She filled out the paperwork online and paid for the license. As she was finishing she wondered  how long before the license would arrive. To her surprise Florida prints your online ID, you get it the same day.
She decided to teach herself. At first her songs were out of tune. But as she practiced, her singing grew better and better.
He decided to go and volunteer. He went and signed up. He volunteered in the mountains and had fun.
She couldn't wait to get paid, so she posted some items online for sale. People were purchasing the items quickly. Lisa had enough money to purchase her baby a full wardrobe.
Another customer interrupted to say that vitamin cream would cure cancer. He said Big Pharma has suppressed this information. I excused myself so I could face palm in private.
The sun was shining and the weather was great. Frida laid out on the grass for hours and read a book. She had a wonderful and relaxing day.
He had fun doing math problems. He practiced it regularly. He went on to master it and had an incredible logic style.
French men were impressed with her grasp of the language. She had been exposed to the culture in various ways growing up. In turn, my not being exposed to this made our relationship doomed from the start.
The next day, Sam realized he would need a huge stack of bricks. They were going to be crucial in building his pizza oven. He picked them up and then made pizzas all summer in his oven.
He was not in love with her. Over a few days she began to have feelings for him. They ended up not getting back together.
One of the skills I had to teach myself was C++ programming since I had the story line. I am thankful for the abundance of free resources online. It makes learning things free and easy and is a great asset to anyone.
Afterwards, the baby started crying. Monica had so stay with the baby or else he would cry. It took nearly thirty minutes to get him to go back to sleep.
One year, she left the turkey on the table to rest and my dog got it. He pulled it down to the floor, and we had no turkey to eat. Luckily, we still had plenty of side dishes to eat for Thanksgiving.
She came up with an idea to raffle off something at school. She sold 85 tickets at a quarter a piece. Now she got her haircut and has some extra money.
He would have moved south into Hungary, hoping he could relax in peace. But the Colonel also would have been followed there by an angry former private. The private was shot one day in Budapest.
I gave him a candy bar and the barber started to cut my son's hair. However, he accidentally shaved off more than what was expected. Therefore, he received a lower haircut.
He had a very big package. When I opened it, I was shocked. I realized it was just a dream
I bought cookies and chocolate and other sweets. I was so mad at myself. For lunch today I ate a carton of ice cream.
The clerk said Junior could be alive when our son was in college. Our son graduated from college in 2011. Junior did live past that time.
She was all alone on the bus and had no friends. As a result Gina had no one to eat breakfast with in the lunch room. She hadn't eaten at home and now would be hungry until lunch.
But she felt she needed to give a cat a better life too. She adopted a cat. But she realized two pets were too much for her to handle.
The girls got together and went for a week anyway. They had a horrible time. At the end of the trip they couldn't wait to leave.
Jane then came down with a cold, and gave the cold to the baby. The baby became sick and had to see the doctor. The doctor treated the baby, but it had to stay in the hospital longer due to the sickness.
I found four red apples. Alas, when I went back inside I realized that two were rotten. I decided to never pick apples again..
I arranged the placemats neatly around the table. I folded the napkins on the placemats. I arranged the plates and utensils on the placemats.
That price was perfect! I decided to wait in like and buy it. I waited 4 hours for it.
I sat down and took a sip to discover the milk was spoiled. It was disgusting. I spat it out and decided to drink something else entirely.
He spent two years feeling guilty. He decided to become a better person. He took a vow to never steal anything ever again.
Gabe had seen the stricken look in his hardworking dad's eyes when he found out. He vowed never to allow his dad to feel guilty about such things. He attended prom in a secondhand suit and his dad was thrilled for him.
There was a whole family of dust bunnies in her book. She realized it had been a long time since she'd read a book. She vowed to read more often in the future.
Emily changed her mind and searched for something to wear. Unfortunately, her body was still out of shape from having a baby. Emily could find nothing but not-so-flattering clothes to wear.
Barbara looked in dumpsters behind grocery stores on top of the charity. She used desserts from the dumpsters to surprise her children. Barbara successfully raised all seven children to adulthood with the help of charity and her resourcefulness
It was hard for him to see since it was late at night. He ended up finding the large trash bin and drew the bags in there. Afterwards, he drove back towards his house.
His parents found out when he couldn't pay his credit car bill and had to ask for help. It was hundreds of dollars because of data usage. Danny was forced to do chores until he could pay it back.
When Cody goes to find him he smells an awful stench. His dog has been sprayed by a skunk. His wife gets special shampoo and they hose the dog down outside.
Suddenly he started slipping and he fell down. He noticed it was ice. He was very embarrassed.
Without even thinking, Tom caught it. Tom yelled that Pete threw it so hard it almost flew Tom right into the river. They both had a good laugh afterward.
Eventually she relented, and the family went to the local animal shelter. That's where Katrina adopted Mister Whiskers. Katrina and Mister Whiskers are now best friends.
Mark became an expert. His father went to many of his performances. His father fell in love with ballet and loved Mark as always.
He waited and waited but the mouse wouldn't leave. Thinking the mouse was stupid he almost returned it. Finally, he noticed in horror to see the mouse was dead.
When the kids came out to hunt the eggs, they found all of them. The kids quickly found where the prize eggs were! The kids were so excited and Cody and Sarah hid the eggs harder next time.
They eventually stopped the fighting and talked it out. They realized that they were fighting because Chuck was upset and lashing out. They both apologized and went to go get a beer together.
All her neighbors complimented the mom on the necklace. Cindy was happy with the purchase of a necklace. Cindy's mother loved her gift, and Cindy was very proud of herself.
He vowed to kill all the men who attacked his livestock. William ran into the forest, following the tracks of the poachers. He never found them, and walked home defeated.
But he carried the cassette by the tape itself and it pulled free. Then Jason tried to fix it. Dad found Jason with a 100' of VHS tape in his lap.
Erin took the cat home and began to feed it and wash it. The cat was really happy and Erin decided to keep it. Erin now hangs out on the couch with his cat.
They had found an affordable set near her house. They contacted the seller and went to pick it up. Ora was so happy that she never had to go to the laundromat anymore!
She found a box of regular noodles, and put them in boiling water. Soon, the noodles were done. She was happy and satisfied.
But he couldn't find his wallet. He looked all over his room, he even cleaned his room. He was ready to give up, picked up a book and found his wallet.
The dog was confused. He tried to lick the screen. The dog jumped up and down in excitement.
They had taken a very long time picking the members of the jury. I met Jenn because we sat next to each other. Our friendship is still going strong.
There was a drunk driver driving in front of her. He decided to turn into the merging lane. He quickly turned to another lane, and ended up hitting another car.
He looked all around for her. Soon Mick gave up and called it quits. His sister won the game!
Cal loved Kip but he didn't love being scrunched up He decided to buy Kip a heated bed for him to sleep in. Kip loved the bed and spent less time next to Cal.
He noticed this helped his productivity. He noticed this made his work experience less enjoyable. John became a much stressed person in and outside of work.
He never learned the playbook. He couldn't hit a small target from far away. His napping led his team to lose the state championship
The kids got in the taxi and she told them she had a surprise. They pulled into the zoo parking lot. The kids were excited to see that they were at the zoo.
He waited for people to come and threw popcorn. He got a direct hit on a boy as he walked by. The boy crashed into the seat.
I was told they would be supportive for my sensitive neck. I was disappointed I had bought them. I thought that my money investment would have guaranteed a good night's sleep.
She checked her phone and thankfully it had no reception. Instead, she laid back down on the beach towel. From the hotel room that evening, she was able to call her son.
One day, John's mom came home excited. She had finally found a job to help pay the bills. John was aghast when his mom showed her cafeteria lady uniform.
She told the man next door, who seemed nice, and he asked her to replace his. She replaced it easily and to show his appreciation, he offered dinner. She accepted and they hit if off, after which he asked her out.
He sold his home. He bought a large area of land. He started a rural lifestyle by building a farm on his property, but still commuted to work.
The iron left a burn mark on his palm! Rod got very angry. He bought a new iron.
The next night, she asked me to cut some vegetables. I cut them up and she cooked them. When the meal was finished, it looked very tasty.
They were a huge hit after getting another loan and making subs instead. Subway's popularity has grown ever since. They now have even more restaurants than McDonald's
He was saving money to buy himself a car just in case they didn't. He finally saved enough money. He bought himself a car.
We went running after it. When we reached the tree,we realized it was very ancient. We took a few photos and then went on our way.
They visited many stores. Anna didn't get anything because of her bad attitude. They had an awful day.
She checked his phone and saw he had been texting another girl. Constance cried on the plane back home. Once back in the US, she deleted all trace of Francisco.
He shared his college experience and memorable experiences. When he came, he came with a motorcycle. He announced that he's interested in motorcycles.
He told her the day and time he would arrive. That morning he went to Walmart and bought new underwear and socks. Drew needed them too, his old shorts were stretched out of shape.
I got a date with a different girl and suggested some activities. She disliked my suggestions and grew frustrated. We quickly ended our date and never talked to each other after.
Her roommate Mandy sees that she is broke. Mandy stocks up on groceries to share with Ariel. Ariel is thankful to not have to go to her moms for dinner again.
She entered photos of herself in a contest and luckily, her photo was chosen! She would appear on the cover of a magazine. Her cover got her a lot of attention in the modeling world.
Ben decided to get extra spending money, so he worked overtime. Slowly but surely Ben was saving up the money. Eventually, he went to Hawaii!
As I was leaving a kitten clawed the cage and meowed for me. I couldn't resist, so I got her. She chose me, and I've had her now for eight years.
Tami and Gina walked and Gina just ignored her. There was nothing especially interesting to tell. But Gina was happy to be alone.
The babysitter was trying to call them. Their children were sick. The Smiths had no idea until they went home.
One night he created the perfect bowling shoe. They were so good that you didn't need to wear socks. He put a patent on it and made a million dollars.
When Tina got her family, they made hot dogs. Unfortunately Tina burnt the hot dogs. They had to make burgers instead.
A little girl asked for a butterfly on her cheek. When Lily painted it on, she added blood to the wings. When the girl saw it in the mirror, she cried.
She rolled the pork in butter, corn flakes and cheese. She put it in the pan and baked it for an hour. Once the pork was done, her family sat down to eat.
The girls met at their favorite spot around the corner. The all ordered a large feast and loved it. The girls were so happy to see each other.
While I was waiting, I ran into another co-worker. My boss then invited him to join us at our table for lunch. Not wanting to be rude, he joined us for lunch.
When the hurricane landed in South Carolina, it tore up building and trees! Jan watched on the news as people sheltered in their bathroom and prayed. Luckily, the Hurricane missed major cities and most people survived.
She asks around for new ways to try and stop. She decides to try this gum to assist her in quitting. Within a month she is down to just one cigarette a day!
Chuck had to teach his son the value of patience before they tried hunting. They went to the park and waited for hours, and eventually got to play on the swing. They took a picture on the swing and now Chuck knew his son had patience.
He went online and another fun pair out. It arrived in the mail a couple of weeks later. He loved how the new glasses looked.
The boss noticed later that they were missing a lot of silverware. The boss thought Frank have thrown them away to spite him. He was able to find 20 forks and 8 knives in the garbage.
She bought lots of meat from the store. She made burgers and ate them every few hours. At the end of a week she lost 10 pounds!
When they found another recruiter, the pal asked John to go through the test and physical too. When they were done, the recruiter extended his hand. He congratulated John for making it into the Navy.
I followed the instructions. I opened the flour and it smelled horrible. I did not get to make the cake.
She forgot to put butter on the waffle iron and it was burned. Her mom took the iron and cleaned it up for her. The waffle ended up in the trash
They decided to go sneak into a different theater. During the movie, someone had their feet against her chair. Lily had to yell at them.
So every chance he got he would use it to write raps. He got a call on a group of kids rapping on private property. So instead of busting them, he rolled up and got in a rapping session.
It was so bad that she thought she might have to go to the hospital. She quickly went to get some medication. Luckily, she recovered in a couple of days and was alright.
Angel asked her counselor if she should be a doctor. The counselor asked if she was truly interested in becoming a doctor. Angel chose to study Psychology instead.
Most days she got her sisters ready for school. One morning, one of her sisters got hit by a car. Jessica called 911 and her father immediately.
Her mother really wanted to take a shower. She put Alaina down in her crib. Alaina began to relentlessly cry for her mother.
I noticed the engine making funny noises when I left to go home. A few days later I bought a new car. Now, I didn't have to worry about engine noises.
Joe tried to get as much information as he could from his neighbor who saw it. On the way to class, he was very worried. When he got to class, he found out is computer had been stolen from his backpack too.
John felt sad as he heard his friends expressing their disappointment. On the day the concert was supposed to take place, John's dad surprised him with tickets. John's dad had tricked him, and he happily called his friends, and they all enjoyed the concert.
She was slowly past all the other cars on the road. Once the road leveled out Megan eased off the break. She never felt more alive than in that moment.
I got thirsty and bought a new cup to take a drink. It tasted weird! I had expected soda, but bought water by mistake.
It was dark and spooky, and Thomas wasn't sure he wanted to go. Of course, they did not find a single ghost! He was glad to have spent time with his friends.
After thirty minutes, I got scared about getting in trouble so I decided to run to school. When I got to school the teacher gave me detention for being late. I tried to explain but she extended my detention for trying to argue.
They didn't talk and found they had nothing in common. Stuart invited her to the zoo with his family. She waited, but he never called her again.
Sarah wants to visit home for Christmas, but she has plans that day. One day, Sarah gets an envelope in the mail. The company event was cancelled and she could come home for Christmas.
She put on her biking outfit. She knew she was forgetting something! She remembered to put on her biking shoes.
He started running after birds and she had to chase after him. He took off with the leash. He then pulled Megan through the pond at the park.
One day, I stumbled upon some topaz. I sold the topaz for a nice profit! I realized that gemstone hunting was a good business.
They introduced her to new friends at the mall. After a week, Fran had made a new best friend. She is very happy with her new friend.
Eventually he became bothered by the smell. He was tired but decided to clean it up anyway. It got rid of the smell.
When she got into her shower, she was glad there was hot water. She was happy that she didn't forget to pay her heating bill. Tina's hot shower made her remember to pay it every time.
Then the second half of the article was missing. He went back to the store and checked the other papers. The entire run had been misprinted.
He made several turns and all of a sudden his wheel got stuck. A couple of assistants found him in an elevator. They brought him back to his room and fixed his wheelchair.
She knew they had a connection, and would be more friendly. It was another day where she was happy. Gina hung her head high and let out a deep smile.
Kay made sure everything was perfect! The day after, none of her friends called her. Nobody told her they had had a wonderful time!
Manny's dad sold his old trumpet on craigslist before he got a new one. Since the trumpet was gone Manny stopped playing the trumpet. Now Carrie is sad because she didn't help with the trumpet.
He put rope around his ankles, attached it to the tree and let go. He was quickly stuck and we ran for help. Eventually he came down but only after Grandma loosened the knot.
However, he social studies teacher encourages her to go back for a GED. Finally she does that and is accepted at the local state university. Jamie is proud that she will be attending college next fall.
He immediately read the card. The card was very nice. It wished him a happy birthday.
She made Jim do his math homework until he got everything right. She did this for a month. Jim got an A on his next math test and he was very happy.
Suddenly, she had a new idea. She decided to augment the garland with a chain of paper loops. Then, she hung it up in the house for her dad.
She vowed to come back one day and reclaim her childhood souvenir As an adult, Irene remembered the toy car and went to dig it up But there in front of her old home was a ten foot wall keeping her out.
The shoes looked gorgeous to her. She couldn't believe how expensive they were. She had little money so she bought another pair.
He saw a man with a blue hat drive around the corner. The officer stopped the man and asked him about his hat. The man quickly drove off.
She saved up all her money and finally went alone. The boat had a hull malfunction and sank. She survived but is now afraid of water.
He didn't care to study since he would fail anyway. He didn't feel prepared on the day of the exam. He sat through the exam barely answering any questions.
She wanted to win so badly that she cheated. We found out that she was adding numbers to her own score! She lost and had to take everybody out to dinner.
For fun she decided to make up her own words to the song. She wrote down the words to remember them. Sara posted this song on her facebook to show her friends.
He spent two weeks practicing for the contest. Jeremy overcame his fear and dived perfectly from the high board! Jeremy won the contest and his classmates cheered for him.
Then, someone approached him looking a job opportunity. He interviewed the guy and he hired him The guy felt so lucky to get some work.
She drove through a different tunnel instead. When she got out she felt sad that it was over. Alice thought about the next time she could drive through.
Mark played the machine for three hours that day. His thumbs hurt, but he won 5000 tickets. Mark redeemed his 5000 tickets for a huge stuffed dog for his sister.
His boss saw what was happening and talked to the coworker. The coworker continued to bully. Paul sued the company.
He got everything ready and took a taxi to the airport. When he arrived he was feeling great about his upcoming trip. When he got to the counter he saw that his flight was on time.
There were no buses nearby. She had no friends to give her a ride. Mary made a call to get new keys.
He talked for five minutes with a dear friend. When he disconnected, his wallet was gone. After looking around him, he finally saw it at the bottom of the pond.
Amy was hesitant but agreed. She ran her hardest on the debate team that day. She was still surprised to see she had in fact made her friend proud.
Then his aunt suggested he try brushing with whitening toothpaste. Rick was skeptical, but he began following her advice anyways. And in under a month, his teeth had become noticeably whiter!
One day he went to the dealership. He was able to finance a vintage BMW. Paul was so excited when he drove it off the lot.
She followed the directions, using the pills to pull her skin tight. She didn't like the effect, so Vera went out wearing a tape to pull her skin tight. She was laughing with pals when the tape dislodged and her face fell.
He tried to walk by casually. Suddenly, the anchor grabbed him. He excitedly agreed to give them an interview.
He bought a new pair of pants while he was there. He walked to the bar and fell. The pants got a big hole in them.
He went to the store, and stumbled his way to the fruits section. There were no more apples available. He sighed and had a terrible day for the rest of the evening.
Her boyfriend said no, but she could do chores for her mother to earn the money. Kelly spent the weekend cleaning the house and the yard. Kelly earned enough money to buy the shoes she wanted.
He recently took his vows. He never went against his code. He is still a Rastafarian.
They spent three years together in a very happy relationship. A tragic event occurred where she passed away suddenly. Jacklyn now has to find hope that something better is coming for her.
Steven would always spend all his money on junk food. One day Steven won the lottery in Japan. He was able to eat all the junk food he wanted in Japan.
She had done chores the week before for mom and dad. She took her twenty dollars to the store. Missy got the biggest chocolate bar and became super happy.
After bandaging herself, she sliced the potato thin enough to fry quickly. She dropped them in the grease and waited. They ended up burned, but she still ate them.
Liam could tell Jill was truly excited. He kindly suggested that they watch it again. Feeling closer to Jill, Liam was more endeared to her than ever.
So, we had to get her at the neighbors house. The day we went to the neighbors house I was so excited. She came out in a crate and I was so happy to see her.
With only seconds left, his team scored 2 points. These two points were enough to clinch his team the win. Tom was very pleased his team ended up winning.
Samantha said no, because she had been working on her own application for two weeks. Finally, Samantha finished the application and listed it for sale. The application was a success!
I found out that I can knit blankets fairly quickly. So I went to the store and bought a bunch of yarn. Now I am busy making blankets that are a perfect gift.
His friend Tommy was outside with his dog. Tommy and Mike talked through the window while their dogs played. The boys said goodbye and Tommy went back home.
The clerk at the shop sold her a nice one. The clerk told Amy the shop would repair the watch if it breaks. Amy was overjoyed that the shop would repair the watch.
The rehearsal went very well and everyone was happy. His mom was watching and was very proud. Them, they went home and celebrated.
One day, Mike's friends deceived him into drinking white wine. He loved the crisp, fresh flavor of white wine. From that day on, Mike liked white wine.
They all went out to the mall one day. They persuaded her to buy something. But, when they found something, it was too expensive.
The following year, Lisa transferred jobs. Knowing Lisa was his true love, Chris applied to transfer too. Chris was thrilled when he was accepted, so he could be with Lisa.
When Mandy got back, her dog had gotten fat. Mandy asked her friend what happened. Her friend told Mandy that she'd given him too much food.
While hiking to the lake, she noticed a large canyon and wanted to get closer. While walking over to the canyon's edge, Hillary suddenly fell inside. When she hit the bottom, she was miraculously not hurt.
It took about an hour to get there but it was worth it. As soon as they got there they started shopping. But the time they were done they had not picked 100 apples.
One day, her friend bought a ticket to a rock concert. It was for the front row. On the day of the concert, her friend had a great time rocking out.
After she took the test she got a terrible grade. Kelly felt horrible. She vowed to study even harder next time.
She got out of her room and walked into the living room. She saw her mother playing the piano Her mom forgot she was sleeping and stopped.
Then we watched TV. Then we ate dinner. Finally I got paid 20 dollars.
The next day he came back and started looking for a spot, and this time he eventually saw one. But before he got there someone else swooped in and took it. He got angry and went home instead.
When it rains they are in the house. Pam bought stones to line up along the fence and installed them. Now when it rains, the mud is left outside.
Beulah didn't have enough money to retire or take a vacation. She checked her savings and found she had under a hundred dollars. Beulah would have to wait to take a vacation.
When I met up with him, we exchanged the money and shoes. After he was gone, I opened up the shoe box. I noticed that no shoes were in the box, only rocks.
So Jason picked her up and they drove to the orchard. Together, they picked many apples. It was a fun day.
Now without a toy, he wanted to play with Joe's toy boat. They decided to play together. They both ended up very happy playing with the boat.
When Mrs. Smith went into labor, they moved to the bathtub. Luckily the mother was not in pain. When the baby was born, it was a girl.
The next day, he shopped there for clothes, food, and jewelry. He bought lovely souvenirs for his family. He couldn't wait for them to see his Lebanese finds!
But his friend hired a private trainer for him. The private trainer was able to improve Harry's swing. Eventually, Harry had the best golf swing in the club.
I agreed with him. I went to the store and bought several spinklers. I was pleased because I would not have to water them myself.
Eugene enjoyed his day doing other things. He talked to people on forums about the computer. He was happy how he spent his day.
When she tried to walk away, the cat followed her around the house. She tried running however, the cat was persistent. The owner ended up carrying the cat away.
A classmate challenged Karen to swing as high as she could. He did not know that Karen and her friends often played on the swings. Karen won the competition.
Suddenly he barked! I jumped up out of the chair to see who was at the door. Poor Pippin got scared!
The stray dog was bullied by other dogs alot. One day Brad made the other dog feel bad that was being mean to the stray. The next day animal control came to brad.
Then she saw a majestic bald eagle soaring. She had seen the American symbol of freedom! Anna was proud and happy to have seen the eagle during her trip.
The fishermen were relieved. They continued their fishing. They caught a large amount of crabs.
Bob decided to write it on his own. Bob's teacher found out. Thus, Bob teacher gave him an A.
Sue also ran everyday after work. Sue was eventually able to run for miles at a time. She was able to successfully complete a half marathon.
He tried convincing him in many ways. So Jay bought a temporary tattoo. His dad thought it was real and grounded him.
She couldn't stand to have him cry anymore. Finally, she called up her mom to take him earlier. Her mom had him chew on a wet cloth, and it worked.
They got into a huge fight. He broke up with her. Now she is a single mom.
But it happened again, so he confronted her and asked for a divorce. She agreed and tried to be civil. He's upset but hopes the process will go as smoothly as possible.
As she stood at the bus stop, she heard rustling and banging. Scared she turned around to see where the sound came from. Beth turned just in time to see a raccoon scurrying into the woods.
The first half of the speech went well. Suddenly, she forgot her lines. Everyone encouraged her and she finished strong.
In her class, all of her friends were nice. Nina ate an orange every day and never got sick. She had the best attendance record in her whole class.
Soni got a facial and went to the store and bought some cream. She applied it every day and every day her skin got better. Eventually, Soni's skin was perfectly healthy.
His girlfriend turned the settings up so it would just be browned a bit. Instead it literally started a fire. The alarm went off as a reminder to buy a new toaster.
His mom let him go to school dressed as one yesterday. All his friends were jealous that he got to wear a turtle costume. He went home a popular student that day.
I had practiced on my hitting in order to make it happen one day. On my dad's birthday, I had a baseball game. At my first at bat, I walked up to the plate and hit another homerun!
Alice's friend's car had hit a tree. Her friend was upset because her car was damaged. The friend had to pay a lot of money to get it fixed.
Her friends told her she was a terrible singer. Shelly was heartbroken. But, her grandma still thinks she should try to sing professionally.
However, he realized that she brought a coat. He noticed that the total bill was $1000 dollars. He argued with Jen since she said didn't spend any money.
Sarah's seashell collection is getting really big. She decided to give some of her seashells to her nephew. This made Sarah's Nephew very happy.
He asked his wife to replace the zipper with buttons. She found a matching buttons and sewed them on. Hal can now wear his jacket with buttons.
Eventually, the issues came back and Pablo had to have his leg amputated. He was given a prosthetic but he was nervous about using it. Pablo worked with a physical therapist and learned to walk again.
He finds a place that sells large pizza with cheesy bread. He calls and places the order. When it arrives, JD pays the driver and eats his pizza.
His plan did not turn out the way he planned for it to. He cut his hand so bad. His mother had to take him to the doctor.
Kim and Beth decided to wait in line for it to start. The girls stood in the standby line for 1 hour. After the show, they decided to watch the rerun from their hotel.
It took him twice as long as it should to get to the shop. But the prices were way too expensive for his tastes. Gary decided to not buy anything and return home.
As soon as they tried the front entrance, they were stopped. A security guard told them to pull out their IDs. Since they were younger than 21, he told them to leave.
He searched through stores for expensive electronics. He worked hard and bought a radio. Pat still had many resources, he also had a nice radio.
Last week another dog bit Trixie. The owner of the dog called Trixie's owner to let her know. Trixie's owner took her to the vet who said she would be ok.
Mittens examined the cabinet with her prize. Carefully, she stuck her paw into the cabinet door. She successfully clawed the yarn out to play!
They then went to the park together. Overall, they had a pretty pleasant day. But the cake was pretty expensive.
The cashier talked on the phone with her back turned to Amy. Amy waited patiently 5 minutes to ask about a cheaper bag. Finally she simply left the purse on the counter and left baffled.
When their aunt died, she left them each nothing. They were shocked to learn they didn't get anything! They felt angry at their stingy aunt to whom they had been mean.
He still eventually became addicted to the game. Sam would not leave his computer for hours at a time. Sam's parents made him go to rehab for video game addiction.
They realized it was getting pretty late. Lynn wasn't ready to go inside. They defied her mother, and stayed outside another hour.
The girl was strong, but I felt confident in my friend beating her. However, the girl beat my friend right away without breaking a sweat. Everyone around me laughed, but she was a good arm wrestler.
Mary's mother didn't believe in artificial sugar. Lucy was hungry and it was hours till dinner. Lucy was given peanut butter and celery for a snack.
Jim made a fire in the fireplace as he was going to relax on the couch. Jim shuffled a few times to get comfortable. Jim was happy and the two of them stayed home for the rest of the day.
One day he had a job interview. He chewed gum to hide his bad breath. After that Sam always chewed gum at work.
He would write as fast as he could. He eventually broke some of the pens on the desk. He had to go out and buy a new pen.
I went out an hour later and was furious because of the whole. I didnt wake him up but knew I had to do something about it later. My dog makes me angry at times but I really love him.
As he wiped, he wondered what it would be like if the meat was moving. Then he heard a person call his name. He brought them their fresh cut prime rib, and then went back to work.
At the event, someone told her story for her. After she was done, they awarded her a medal. Everyone clapped for her story.
She loudly called a waiter over and began demanding more. Ashley was embarrassed with her friend's rudeness. She ended up leaving the restaurant.
Her doctor had to force her into the car to go the the ER. She had to stay for several days. She figured out missing one day of work to see the doctor occasionally instead of having to go to the ER isn't bad.
A giraffe approached one of the elephants. However, all of the elephants started to stumble. They ended up falling.
The doctor said the tick had made her sick. It had given her lyme disease. Now she takes medication that makes her feel much better.
A few minutes later, a female homeless person appeared. She immediately fell on the ground. Drew called the ambulance and they gave her medication.
He saw a friend named Susan. He walked over to Susan. He began talking with this friend Susan.
He visits the local laundromat to have his jeans cleaned. When they're clean and dry, he feels much better. Samuelson knows his jeans will become that dirty again and again.
Tom refused to shower. After an hour of arguing he finally took one. He was surprised at how good taking a shower felt.
He thought about his poor health. And he decided to skip eating anything else. Later, Tom felt good about his decision.
Fall was often his worst time to be there in the forest He eventually bought a house with its own woods. William tries to get rid of those memories to no avail.
Now Tom had to run to school because he was late. He tripped and fell into a giant mud puddle. Tom's school picture didn't come out as good as Archie's.
His wife had to force him to get a doctor to examine him. Bill received a prescription for some strong cold medicine. Since, Bill felt much better.
Jake drank all the juice. Sam confronted him about it. Jake admitted it and offered to buy more.
She was undecided about whether to buy fake beer or root beer. After browsing for awhile, she came to a decision. She was going to save some money and buy the root beer.
The bomb squad took the package to his backyard and opened it slowly. Inside the package was a small ring and a folded note. It was a surprise gift from his grandmother for his birthday.
He called his mom. He told her he made it to the bus on time. He is able to make it to first class on time.
Every month they set a schedule to save money. They didn't go out to dinner and or saw movies. Sam and Mel said the savings was enough for the getaway!
She looked at the clouds for hours. She then was able to get back up and leave. The boards were fragile but luckily she wasnt hurt.
Ted still preferred to take out his vacuum cleaner and go over every surface. Three hours in, he had filled all of the bags he had purchased. Sitting down to relax, he decided to just hire a cleaning crew next time.
Pat wanted the driver to slow down so he installed a speed bump. The next time the drive went past he did not see the bump. The car bounced violently and the driver cussed out loud.
Bill agreed to be her partner. They turned their desks towards each other. Amy and Bill sat smiling at each other without speaking.
On their third date, he drank too much and called Taylor names. Taylor wanted nothing more to do with him after that. She changed her dating profile to specify non-married drinkers only.
Today we are working on numbers. He has been a little frustrated, but he keep on trying. By the end of the day he had learned the new numbers.
One day she found her husband cheating. Bethany was outraged. Bethany broke up with him.
He decided to carry little doggy treats with him. One day, he was attacked by a person. Fortunately, he also brought his pepper spray that day and sprayed the person away.
She had lost her smartphone the night previously. She bought a tourist map at a store nearby. She used it to navigate to her hotel successfully.
We arrived at our friend's house which was serving as the funeral home. There were a lot of people there! After the funeral was over we went to dinner.
He went in, thinking no one had been there in over 10 years. To his surprise, a pack of hobos were using the old building as shelter. After giving it some food, he befriended the hobos.
He had to drive to the store to get some grout remover. On the way his tire went flat. And the project went over time.
Sometimes it was scared when other dogs barked at it. Same realized his puppy was too young to walk all the way to the park. He went home and waited to return when it was older.
They decided to evacuate to a relative's house. They arrived and learned from the news that their street was swallowed whole. They felt lucky they had evacuated when they did.
For five weeks, he served burgers to his neighbors. Each paycheck brought him closer to his goal. After more than a month, he was able to buy great new sneakers!
In the break room, she looked at the food she wished she could buy in the vending machine. When she pressed the button, nothing came out. Sue was kicking the machine when her new boss walked past.
She asked her family and friends  to help her move with no avail. Finally Sue had enough and decided to move herself. Her new neighbors saw and ended up helping her move.
He was playing on Saturday when his mom came into his room. She told him she would purchase the game. Rob's mom gave him Sega Genesis as a present.
He was tired and fell asleep in the front seat. While driving Tory fell asleep and crashed at an intersection. She blamed the crash on the other car, but she was on camera sleeping.
He was sad so he threw the water balloon as far as he could. His balloon went over his neighbor's fence and hit one of their emus. Aaron feels terrible to this day because he broke the emu's neck.
Jill brought some firewood into her house. That night, the storm actually hit her town. She woke up the next morning to see that she was snowed in her home.
Since the pain was intolerable, I decided to ask my friend to share his lunch. He agreed. My stomach felt better soon after.
Her date came to get her, and she walked outside to meet him. She saw him, and was completely horrified by his looks. She canceled the date, turned around and walked back inside.
The cat's name was Sophia and she and Jake clicked immediately. Jake went to the front desk and asked to adopt Sophia. Sophia and Jake have been best friends ever since.
As she got on the uneven bars, she lost balance Becky fell to the ground. She hit her head on the bar and needed help.
This proved to be unwise. On the third ball shot, the ball went off the table and hit a passerby. The pool game was called off, though this did not mollify the victim.
Sally's uncle used to make fun of her before. Once her uncle dragged her out in front of the neighbors. After meeting the neighbors, Sally didn't feel so bad.
She had the ingredients all ready to cook when he informed her. When he was done announcing it, she accepted. She loved the meal they went out for.
So he prayed for sunlight His prayers weren't answered. Sam was sad because he had to shovel all the snow.
After they had gamble for a few hours they went to their favorite department store. Amber was looking for a Christmas gift for her husband. She found a sweater that she thought he would like.
One day Perry stumbled upon some information he didn't like. He found out his family was very active in hunting orcas for like in Free Willy. Perry became very embarrassed and disappointed of his ancestors.
Sam asked people for spare change for the bus back. A pedestrian heard Sam and gave him enough change to catch the return bus. Sam barely made it to work on time.
They turned around, and saw a huge wolf approaching them. They dropped the baskets of berries and ran away. The wolf happily ate all the spilled berries.
All of the children thought it was creepy and body wanted to touch it. As Suzy held the glass jar, she lost grip and it shattered. Cockroaches were released everywhere and the children screamed.
He left his socks in the broken washer. When he came back they were gone. A stranger had accidentally thought Bob's laundry was his.
My dog suddenly leaped forward. If I had had him on a leash it would have snapped in half! My dog ran away and I lost him.
They jacked up the car and loosened the lug nuts. They replaced the tire. I could drive my car again.
Charlie was nervous in terms of how it would go though. He walked into the office and the atmosphere felt good. Charlie was happy with his new job.
Then told him to imagine flying while flapping his arms. He didn't fly and his arms got tired. She told him he had to flap harder!
I was one of the people that decided to take one. I drove to her house to pick up the cat. I brought her back home and she was very happy.
Everyone was in the pool. I found my sister, followed by my aunt. I heard some noise coming from the shower, so I walked to it.
I couldn't figure out what was wrong with it. I took it to tech support but they didn't know the issue either. Looks like I have a dead mouse.
Once at the park there was a cool breeze and it was quiet. A bird flew around his homework. He decided nature helped him concentrate and went back again the next day.
At the end of the dinner Mary found out he was breaking up with her. It was a terrible scene! Jake asked her to stop yelling but she couldn't stop.
Then she thought of a very expensive gift he would enjoy. She bought him a gold watch. Her boyfriend loved the gift!
He  knew his dad didn't need cologne or even a tie. He brainstormed, then came up with a poem idea. He gave his dad the poem and a big framed photo of the two of them!
He also remembered he needed an appetizer. He decided to make shrimp and cocktail sauce. His appetizer was perfect to fit his themed dinner!
The second is that she loves to play catch with a tennis ball. So my childhood was an endless game of catch followed by taking a shower. I don't think there is anything better than being clean after a catch.
She saw another one hanging out around her window and she tried to bat it. Then, the bee crawled into a hole. She couldn't get it and decided to give up.
I waited until it went on sale, and when it did, I immediately purchased it. However when I tried it on at home it didn't fit. Luckily I was able to return it.
On their way out, the golf cart they were riding went out of gas. So while waiting, they decided to play hide and seek in the course. Soon an attendant noticed and kicked them out.
Jimmy had browsed many options before choosing. He decided to purchase a pair of white tennis shoes. Unfortunately, his new tennis shoes got stained the first time wearing them.
Becky heard the unmistakable sound of new kittens. She was glad she made the special spot. Becky thought the kitties were adorable.
I realized I needed a spatula. The next day, I bought a spatula. It worked much better than the spoon!
I then asked him how he did it. Tim didn't want to talk, saying he was tired. I chatted with him for ten minutes before signing off.
Next up was the award for most outstanding student. Although I was confident about winning it, she called Jeff's name. I became mad when he walked across the stage.
Ray picked it up and kept it. He immediately left the restaurant. And kept the necklace.
If she had gotten stuck, she wouldn't have been able to get out. It would've ruined her shoe. Luckily she did not step in the crack.
Sarah then went to the store and purchased a new table cloth. She finally had her dream table. Sara was proud when her family gathered around her table.
Her daughter wanted to audition for a movie instead, where Joan watched other stage moms berate their kids. When her daughter got the jitters, Joan bawled her eyes out. Just then, she caught sight of herself in a mirror.
She and her father teams were playing against each other. They took turns teasing each other. The team Lisa liked lost, but they all went out for ice cream anyway.
I hate getting shots. When I was done with the Doctor, I got lunch. The lunch was great.
She watched the movie on her Netflix account. The movie was long but it was worth it. When the movie was over, it was great.
I went to get a closer look and saw a chameleon Me and my friends thought it was really cool. We were so happy we kept it as a pet!
My client is getting married in two weeks. The bride was upset over costs and some last minute changes. The meeting ended on an angry note.
He struggled containing his thoughts on the presidential election. Eventually Tyler settled down enough to contribute to the group. He exceeded his own expectations.
Last night, it snowed heavily in his neighborhood. James went outside with a shovel and began shoveling snow. He forgot and he shoveled so hard that he ripped his new outfit.
Max goes to work and finds that his boss might replace him. He goes to the store and buys a new blue shirt. The next day Max wears his new blue shirt to work.
She was hoping there would still be items left the next day. When she got there the shelves were empty. She left feeling frustrated and went home empty-handed.
She was scared and ran back into the house. Her mother insisted she had been right all along. Ashley thought it was worth it even though her mother disapproved.
The noise was bad. They both made a promise. They would never yell at each other like that again.
He had never told her that he loved her, but today would be different. He went up to Jane and poured his heart out.   Jane told him she planned on breaking up with him and asked him to leave her alone. Jane told him she planned on breaking up with him and asked him to leave her alone.
He watched it until it was past his bedtime. His parents found out and he got in trouble. Now his bedtime is at eight.
However, he tripped. Drew fell on his back. He was sore for the past week.
She put it in the toaster. Rita suddenly smacked her forehead. She had forgotten to buy butter!
He set himself up with a year long plan to heal his muscles. He worked hard and ate healthy for a year, making steady progress. A year later Steve was able to deadlift his goal weight!
She had leftovers but decided not to eat them. She thought it would affect her cold. She knew that after a few hours later, she would have felt much worse if she ate it.
Then, people started asking Amy if she was getting fatter. Noticing her skin was getting stretch marks, Amy went to the doctor. When she described her diet of junk food, the doctor laughed.
The car drove off, so she called the police instead. After the police interrogated the driver, Edith was embarrassed. The driver was merely a mother trying to get her baby to fall asleep!
Suddenly, a bad storm came out of nowhere meaning they'd be stuck in the cabin even longer. The family hid in the cabins basement until the storm passed. Afterwards, everyone was okay and there was no damage.
I caught a stray dog at home. He jumped up and hit my jaw, chipping my tooth. I had to go to the dentist and get a cap.
He learned Science instead. Now he gets through his upper level courses easily. It turned out that his past teachers were just terrific.
She got another book she had once started but not finished, and sat down to read it. Two pages later she remembered why she hadn't finished the book. Gina disliked the plot and decided to returned the book half read.
Jennifer stayed away from the ocean and didn't go swimming. She stayed out of the water and laid on her towel. Jennifer then got in the car with her friends and went home.
Thunder struck with a force. The power in the rest of the neighborhood seemed to go out at once. Luckily I got the power back soon.
He had to employ rudimentary tactics to get around the usual advertisers. Frank's extention was completed very quickly. It's the best ad blocker I've ever used.
Her big sister's ghost looked for her all over. Finally she gave up and had to wait for Meg to come out, since ghosts do not have voices. Meg had won the game!
They have a lot in common though. They hit it off as friends. They have been friends for years now.
So her mom bought her a model plane and explained how it worked. Then she let Sky watch videos of planes taking off and landing. By flight day, Sky was excited and ready to fly!
He lathered his face like his father and shaved. Troy also shaved off his eyebrows. He learned a lesson because they took a long time to grow back.
He went online and reentered the payment information. This time, the payment worked. Jeremy was finally able to watch Netflix.
Finally she could not stand him anymore. She filed for divorce. She is much happier now.
His friends was his first customers so Bob sold them for really cheap because they were his friends. Now they ask him all the time for more candles. Bob has to say no because it takes so long and they pay him poorly.
Her mom called her best friend Lisa. Lisa said they were at the movies. Tina's mom picked up Lisa and Lisa to take them home.
They flew to Florida the next day. My parents went to Disney World. They had a great time and it made me want to book a trip there.
His mother, however, thought told him he couldn't play with them. Nick decided to play with dolls in his closet in secret. Unfortunately, his mother found out and grounded him for a month.
Phyllis didn't want everyone talking about the unknown beauty. She spied on her only school friend through Facebook, a homely girl. Phyllis messaged the girl, but the girl only saw a photo of a stranger and did not respond.
She picked every lovely flower she wanted to buy. Then, they were assembled together. Anne had helped make a lovely bouquet.
After quitting one of his students accused him of rape. He was utterly ruined. Tobias shot himself in the head.
He was worried about Microsoft's PhotoDNA. The authorities never knew since he didn't upload them to the cloud. Jared continued to have those files locked behind safe passwords.
She she should catch the squirrel, which wasn't rabid. Joan chased the squirrel around the yard and up a tree. When she fell, she ended up hurt without the squirrel.
He worried that he wouldn't like it. But he reacted very favorably! He hung Jim's ornament on the tree right away.
She turned to see her grandma standing on the sidewalk. Lucy turned around and went to her. Grandma wouldn't let her go on a walk with her friends for fear she would get lost.
She didn't want a cat because they were too much work. So, she bought a beautiful dog. Having the dog at home made Ronda feel less lonely.
Danny was still hungry after eating pizza and dug through the freezer and found some chicken nuggets. He didn't read the directions and didn't cook them for very long. Tiffany ate them and the next day got food poisoning.
He was overconfident trying to do a 360 twirl and broke his leg. His leg took six weeks to heal. Jack vowed that he will skate again.
Charles hurried, talking to only one woman before choosing. He asked a girl named Clarice to meet him at a hotel. Just when he didn't think she would show, the cutest blonde arrived.
He found a bag of cookies and asked for some. She told him no, because they were old and stale. Evan didn't get it, but he didn't complain.
He was always misplacing books that were overdue. He would not go back to the library until he found them. When he did find them, he ran all the way to the library.
It came out and she looked at it. She felt her gums with her tongue. She threw her tooth away.
I was glad I no longer packed paddles into boxes. I spent the rest of the summer playing around with friends. In September we all went back to school.
They told him it was the oldest one they'd ever seen. A week later they called to say thank you. They gave him a hug and a peppermint paddy when he came in next.
Koa decided he and his wife should find happiness. He quit his job and they traveled the world. They eventually found happiness in a small buddhist temple in Mongolia.
The worker had taken her information down and asked her to reconsider. He said that he could give her $13 dollars. Gemma quickly refused and hung up the phone.
She could go out whenever she wanted. She could choose what she wanted for dinner and which movies to see. Ava had a wonderful time alone.
Francis learned how to use treats to encourage his puppy to sit and behave. The dog learned these lessons very quickly, and Francis wanted to then teach him tricks. The dog then learned so many tricks that he could now amaze anyone.
He ate them all and then barked for more. I showed him the empty plate and then he wimpered. I went to the store shortly after to buy him more turkey livers.
He decided to drink illegally to celebrate. Mitch got caught. His parents were called and he was grounded.
When it was ready, she began icing the cake. Unfortunately, the frosting started to melt. Julia forgot to let the cake cool first, and now it was ruined.
Pete's dad removed the drain plug and filter, letting the oil drain out. After draining, Pete's dad  got the new filter and put on the plug and filter. Pete's dad started the car up and drove to the shop to recycle the oil.
When he awoke again, there were still no Zoltars to be found. Just as Eli had fallen asleep, they appeared! Others began working on them and finished the batch before he awoke.
I offered to help her and her husband reconcile. I dressed up in a sport coat and read off a speech. They got remarried ten years later.
He took nothing to the company and they were angry. They began construction on someone else's design. After the building was done, Glen received no attention.
It was a funny cartoon about people with sickness. Reg's grandma said it was offensive. The cartoon didn't air again.
She was able to save lots of money. Soon she had lots of veggies. Ellen was happy veggies weren't expensive anymore.
She went step by step through the recipe and substituted everything. The cookies baked but no one liked them. She mixed up tablespoons for teaspoons for the salt ingredient.
The old man didn't want to drip on his nice shirt. The meticulous waiter went to lay the napkin across his lap instead. As he did, Jill's dad stopped him and kept wearing the napkin as a bib.
The mom finally decided to give it a pacifier. The baby fell back asleep. The rest of the house could not go back to sleep.
He wouldn't even think of going outside to run. He knew if he did a mile, he would be out of breath. However a year later, he weighs more than he did the previous year.
She got very nervous and immediately ran off. She went home and washed herself. She was thinking about the bear all day.
That is, until Jim accidentally hit a traffic cone on the side of the road. Jim got out of the car and fixed the positioning of the cone. Jim continued driving home and pretended like nothing happened.
I purchased a drill yesterday. Thankfully it worked wonders. Now I have clean water.
They all checked online to see what to do. The began fixing the window. When they were done, the window turned out better than before.
She couldn't find out whether the day after had a forecast of clouds and high winds. The weather station then calmly predicted the apocalypse. Nat decided just looking outside was good enough after all.
He told me good luck. I decided to get another recommendation. Thankfully, I have good relations with my professors.
She looked online to find a good deal. She found a trip she could buy. Sarah went on the trip alone.
After class, John went up to the professor. He asked the professor what he thought of the gift, and waited to see what he said. The professor smiled and said he appreciated the gift.
He was a perfectionist and it was taking awhile to get a real bad one. Everyone was starting to feel fed up. Luckily, he got the perfect picture soon after.
After work she slept, but when she woke up, she still didn't feel well. Sleeping in the mud and rainy had given Cecily the flu. She called in sick to work and spent the next two days recuperating.
Instead of resting, he decided to ride the carousel. Before the ticket vendor placed him in inside, he threw up. His mom had to carry him home since he couldn't drive.
When the day of the party arrived Sean was both happy and excited he didn't attend. Sean knew he wouldn't have had a great time at the party and wouldn't meet many new friends. He'll probably miss next year's party too.
Tom decided to buy her a lot of good chocolate. She was very appreciative of the thoughtful gift. They went on to attend each other's weddings and both couples lived happily ever after.
His dad came after work. Alex was mad at his father for making him wait. Dad bought Alex pizza to make up for being late.
Jan cried at all hours. Jan slept alone. Now Jan is a sad girl.
She pulled into the driveway. She carried the bags into the Kitchen. Her husband was wearing her apron and rolling out pie dough.
Jill decided she was going to go with Alice to the salon a makeover. She noticed that the make up artist did Alice's makeup to compliment her appearance. Alice looked in the mirror and felt great about herself.
They told her she was perfect for the job. Jane loved her job. She continued working and thank them for their belief in her.
My parents didn't believe me and sent me to school. When I got to class the teacher was very nice. I really like my new art class teacher.
They went to the restaurant they ordered the pizza from and noticed a food truck parked. They arrived 30 minutes before their food was ready. They decided to eat from the food truck and the restaurant.
He carefully weight his options. George settled on grilling a steak. He enjoyed his dinner very much.
Soon, the guys came over every week to enjoy the rec room. Bob found himself losing at foosball and getting eye strain. Bob surprised Peg by turning the rec room into her craft room.
The dentist announced that Bryan took wonderful care of his teeth. Bryan was completely surprised. He booked an appointment to return in a year.
I noticed that they have become even more expensive. I had to go to the bank and get out more money. Now I have enough money to buy some shoes.
He had practiced all of his clown skills. Chip had hoped to find a good job as a clown. Chip had wished to become a famous rodeo clown and made dozens of dollars.
Soon after, they were awakened by a fire in their tent! A spark from the fire had ignited the tent. Cory wished he had built the fire farther away.
She moved to New York , did very well acting and got to perform all over the city. After years of acting, she finally got her big break. She now is a movie star.
She doesn't care if unmarried couples live together So Jill's boyfriend doesn't have to stay elsewhere for the night. His best friend would have let him stay at his place if he needed to.
When she woke up, she went to check on her niece. She had gotten into Liza's makeup. Liza had to laugh when she saw how much she had put on.
Eva was tired of living in that small space. She enrolled in nursing school and graduated with honors. Eva began her career and bought her own house.
In order to be mean, their parents dressed up as clowns. They knocked on their kids bedroom door. When Sue and her brothers opened her door, they saw two clown masks and screamed.
She realized there were many jellyfish in the water. She was glad that nobody was around to get stung. These jellyfish were dangerous.
He ran to the end zone with 30 seconds left. He reached in the air and catch the ball. He had dominated the game with his team.
Drew chased after him and punched him in the face. They fought each other in the front of the school. The security guard broke up the fight and issued referrals to them.
We took a lot of time, exploring the surrounding urban lanscape. When we entered the park, our eyes filled with astonishing sights. Beautiful hotdogs and baseballs covered the walls, and we smiled wide.
When she arrived she had fast food bags. She had thought of getting him food on her way home. They both appreciated each other's thoughtfulness.
He went to the hardware store and purchased a flag pole. The next day he asked the owner if he could assemble it. Now the flag waves in the wind as if it was never torn.
It was a huge bug. It scared him very much. He squished the bug and was relieved when it was dead.
Luckily, he was able to go to a doctor. They cleaned his eyes. Now he can see again.
Remy could live on an expensive street. Because he had a rich kid name, everyone believed he was rich. Remy laughed every night at his pretentious sounding name.
Previously, his friend Peter told him to get a fast pass to make the wait shorter. A fast pass allows you to use a special line. Instead of waiting for an hour David was able to get on in 15 minutes.
She immediately bought it. After placing it she was inspired to take table making lessons. Susan eventually became very proficient at table making.
He saw the person was selling a bike. He thought he could make money reselling it. He bought it.
He opened his satchel and produced a bouquet of flowers. He left the the flowers on his father's grave. Eric always visited his father's grave on the anniversary of his death.
One day she decided to bring cake to class. She served the class. After that she always had friends to talk to.
Alex decided to try. As he dove in, he accidentally hit a rock. His arm was broken and he had to go home.
In the summer she could sit in the kitchen naked and alone. She would leave the door open and let the natural light stream in. It was her very own private oasis.
We drove to the party. We went inside and had some drinks. We sat on the couch and thought the party was boring.
He took a nap to rest a little more. Chris napped for three hours. When Chris woke up he felt much better.
He tracked a lot of people online. The media decided to attack him for just wanting to make friends. But 4Chan was too good and never got caught.
Ryan decided on working more hours to save up to move out. He eventually saved enough to move out with 3 friends of his. Ryan has been enjoying life much more now he is in control of the menu.
She admitted that she had cheated on him to her friend. He found out and got so mad and kicked her out immediately. He never got back together with her.
Mandy greeted several of her new coworkers. After several weeks, Mandy received a phone call from the company. Mandy was excited that she was getting promoted already.
After a while he became very tired of playing with computers so much. It made him sad that he lost his job because of it. Now Ben exercises at the gym in his free time.
While there, Jim gained more customers and made much more than usual. He made a point to work at least once a week. By the time he left school he had made enough money for college.
He quits and starts working on his campaign. He spends all night trying to get people to vote for him. Bernie is satisfied with his new job.
It didn't fit,  so came up with an idea. He poured a bag of flour over his head. He went trick or treating as a mummy.
When her friends got there they realized they were actually late. Thankfully the theater let them still attend. They told them they were never too late.
Jack called his brother to take the dog to his house. Jack's brother and the dog really took to each other. Now Jack's brother has a new dog!
The idea was to see how well his dog got along with a at. Fred found a cat who seemed to hit it off with his current dog. He brought home another cat and they lived happily ever after.
Steven and i fought the first day of school. Two weeks later we became first friends. From the third grade to adult we are still best friends.
She saw how hard and tiring it was to wash dishes constantly. She  saw her poor mom struggling to do the same thing. After that, Ann never did the dishes every day.
It took me two seconds to see they were all clean. I am glad I have no dishes to do this week. I will use less dishes because I do not like to wash them.
Initially they thought he had pancreatitis. Later they said he had no diseases. He was relieved that there was nothing wrong.
He left the coat on the counter of the store. He insulted the worker. The worker wasn't having it and kicked him out.
Johnny really wanted to ask Elizabeth to the dance. He begged his parents to give him a chance to go, but they said no. He asked Elizabeth anyways and disobeyed his parents by going to the dance.
So one day brought home a puppy named Oliver. They were nervous about how the animals would get along. It all worked out, Oliver loved Frankie and Frankie came to like him.
He looked everywhere but he didn't see it there. That night, he put some food in a deep bowl. The next morning the hamster was in the bowl safe and sound.
He knew that they looked great, though, and took photos in the name brand fashion he owned. He posted the photos on Facebook. Two days later a clothing company e-mailed him for a modeling job.
He resolved to work hard from now on. Every night he reviewed his bills. Luckily, Ed was able to pay his bills.
The parents called to tell May they would be 3 hours late. Although May was upset, she agreed and went back to sleep. When the parents returned they paid May the $30 they agreed to.
She bent down and discovered it was a crumpled dollar. She dug around the sand. She found many more crumpled dollars, with no explanation!
She changed her ways and started practicing more, so much that her hands and shoulder became sore. She had a school concert and was worried she wouldn't play well. But she went to the concert and played beautiful music with her violin.
She took a break and went to the bathroom. When she came out, everyone said that she had missed the whales. They didn't see anymore for the rest of the trip and Jessie really didn't care.
The prices were supposedly good and the food was even better. Then for some reason the burger joint was shut down. Bob at least doesn't have to find a new place to get his burgers.
Finally half an hour after Sal was suppose to arrive he called him. Sal was waiting at a different theater. Ben had made the mistake, so he drove to the other place to met Sal.
He decided to lift weights because he didn't want to be like them anymore. He did it for 2 weeks straight. He ended up giving up.
She hurried to retrace her steps. In her kitchen, her boyfriend handed her a keychain. He had found her keys!
Jim anxiously went to an audition to take a test. Surprisingly, he got every question but one correct. The producer told him he was going to be on the show.
We arrange a few orders and that's about it. We are surrounded by beautiful flowers all day. I get to be creative so it's more good than bad.
Early in the morning they all meet for donuts at a local shop. They have their fill of donuts and coffee. The best part of this day is the conversation and family time.
So one day she pushed up her bottom and prepared to fly. She stretched her legs. Then Margot tried to fly, not realizing she couldn't.
He cooks for her again the next night, and Carlos has prepared to make a special stir fry for dinner. His girlfriend is amazed at how delicious the stir fry tastes. Carlos is so proud that he cooked dinner for his girlfriend.
He was turning 23. My wife, who used to mind him as a child, posted a photo of him at two. The photo got a lot of likes and favorable comments.
Randy had a joke to play before he went home. He made a life-size doll of himself, wearing his clothes. With the church at the waterfall, Randy tossed to doll over the edge.
A google search revealed recipes that he promptly printed. After a few days of practice, Bob had made a little over 3 gallons. With some more work, Bob expects to supplement his favorite pastime!
Once they removed the bandage from it's claws, it moved. Drew got clamped on his finger. He had to cut the lobster's arm off in order to break free.
He felt hungry after watching a movie. He went to the ice cream section. The chocolate ice cream was all gone.
He got his friend to give him a ride. Andy was surprised to find himself at a convenient store. His friend got Andy candy before going to his destination.
The apple was delicious. Laurence looked in the fridge and realized he had no more apples. Laurence decided to buy more apples.
Without her knowing he started practicing chess moves. He spent months trying to get better. When she found out she was really touched by his effort.
Sam paused the awards to drink his soda. His potato chips spilled all over the floor. Sam picked up the mess that he created.
It had been until now, anyway, but now I was stuck in the middle of the ocean. I shot a flare for help. A boat saw the flare and came to help me.
When it came time to eat, her mom brought a cake out. The cake turned out to be chocolate. Elizabeth was disappointed, but she still appreciated it.
Even so, he found a wounded deer in his path. After mending the deers wounds he went on his way to his house. The deer went on to have a full life and had a lovely deer family.
Tara practiced with a voice coach and finally auditioned. When she got on stage, Tara began to sing with all her heart. The director loved her voice and accepted her into the choir.
She got out of the van when her mom said it was safe. Jenny went inside the school, and quickly became very shy. It didn't take long to open up and she made lots of friends on her first day.
John learned how to puncture an egg yolk and mix it with clay Then he began sculpting with the resulting clay. John found that the egg tempera clay was vivid and bright.
One day his mother took him to get a card. Mark thought he died and went to heaven. Now Mark works at the library because he loves reading!
Her family and friends heard about her plight and asked if she needed help. They gathered enough money to buy her a new car. Jane was beyond overjoyed and grateful.
On a lunch break, they met a Nissan car salesman. The salesman found a car that would fit Charles budget. Charles was approved and the salesman sold him a Nissan.
I went to go tend to them. I realized there were hundreds of bees swarming the watermelons! I realized I should be careful during blooming season!
That meant that my dog was alone for nine hours a day. We started to feel bad for him. Thus, I quit traveling so I could stay home with the dog.
After three months in the class, Jim knew many Spanish Words. Jim decided to move to Mexico. Now Jim speaks Spanish fluently.
She didn't have a dog. As she walked outside she was a man coming towards the house. His dog had gotten out of his yard, wandering into Sue's yard.
He ordered a large crate of yarn off of eBay. He was able to get it for cheap buying bulk Tim never needed to buy new socks ever again after his mother made them.
Horace buys a nice pair of glasses. He throws away his old greasy glasses. Horace is so happy to no longer have greasy glasses.
Jay was being careless. He realized that his flame was too close to the girl in front of him. Unfortunately some of her hair was singed off before he noticed.
We didn't know what it was at first, but it smelled weird. My girlfriend said it was coming from the woods. Apparently bears smell and I was so disgusted by the odor.
I did several push-ups on my own. He told me to stop as soon as I fell on the floor. I walked into the locker room feeling sore.
All of a sudden Jenny smacked Linda with a stick. Then everyone picked up sticks! They laughed as they ran around hitting each other with sticks.
Fred's friends ended up getting way too drunk. Fred called them an uber. He went home safely by himself.
Suddenly, Tony passed gas very loudly. He did not seem embarrassed. Ellen decided to laugh along side him at it.
The second one was only 3 years old with long dark hair. Everyone called the them Blonde Carla and the other Brown Carla. Some people thought that was offensive but the kids didn't know it.
The camera was heavy and had a large flash drive. We put it away because it was broken. Now everyone just uses their thin phones.
The principle didn't like bullying, so he told the bully that he will get detention. The boy dropped to the ground and started crying loudly. The teacher sent Tim to his classroom with his lunch in his hand.
Linda met her replacement. She thinks they will do very well in her place. Linda retires and the company moves on without her successfully!
The cake looked amazing. She showed Lucy the amazing cake. She was happy with her decision.
She found a great lowfat muffin recipe. She made a batch, but it turned out horribly. She decided to just eat a few pieces of fruit instead.
When she went to rinse a plate, she dropped it into the sink. It broke. Her boss told her she was finished washing the dishes.
His only criticism was that Ryan needed to polish his boots more. That night Ryan bought a big can of boot polish. He spent all evening making his boots shine.
After reaching the doctor's office, Gary signed in to be seen. Gary's name was called, and he went to see the doctor. As his weight was being taken, Gary realized he was getting heavier.
He ends up staying home. He watched the game on TV disheartened. His parents gave him cake to cheer him up.
The day before the fundraiser ended, Nell push hard to sell a few more. She counted the money and realize she had sold 150 boxes of candy. Sick of seeing candy, Nell was glad it was time to turn in the money.
He really liked it, so he decided to eat it more often. However, he noticed his dark chocolate bars had more fat that he thought. And Hank's dream of eating dark chocolate all the time was destroyed.
I stared at him while he built it. My little brother came home a few hours later. He complimented me on my new desk.
When she walked into the class she was in a bad mood. The first class consisted of drawing. She put little effort into it and threw it out after class.
She never married and went to a nursing home when she was old. No one ever visited her. However, her child finally showed up one day to see her.
When the girls went to school, they were greeted kindly. They picked their classes and the teacher worked her magic. The girls were then pleased with the results.
Marie called the company and had a box shipped to the US from overseas. When it arrived she wrapped it up with a bow and brought it to him. Marie's boyfriend was so excited and thankful for the thoughtful gift.
He wrote up an apology letter and headed for her bedroom door. His mother called from the kitchen and said she had cookies. Cade realized his mother had already forgiven him and loved him unconditionally.
She felt horrible. The next day she brought some extra candy to make up for it. That's when she realized no one even noticed!
They tied their horses up to a tree and sat down. As soon as they walked away, the horses got away and ran far. Ted looked at their restraints and saw that they were loose.
She talks to her friends to get ideas. She decides not to try online dating. Sara meets nobody and decides to not go on a date.
He decided to practice last minute. The day before the game, he broke his ankle. Alex was so disappointed.
After years of improving her social skills, she made friends! Rebecca had a friend named Janelle. They were best friends.
I put electrical tape on it, but it doesn't work. Today I put a cable tie on it. That solved the problem for now.
By the end of the hike, she was even farther behind them. They had to sit and wait for her, which was boring. Luckily, she showed up not too long later.
When he got to school, his teacher noticed he was sick. Instead of the test, Gary got to go to the nurse's office who sent him home. He was so thankful to get another day to study for the test!
John rushed to the door every day. Finally, his package was placed by the door. John opens his package with excitement.
Jamie found out that her father was sick and she didn't go to the hospital. They never apologized as he passed away. Jamie is happy that she stood with her decision as her father passed.
Today he had an argument with his girlfriend. Instead of hitting himself in the head, he took a deep breath. His medications are working.
She had shopped for supplies before to get ahead of things. She had everything setup in her house before the weather got too bad. Claire was able to wait out the storm comfortably in her home.
He mother had told her she couldn't afford a nice one. Her mother instead took her to the Observatory, where she had surprised her with own telescope. Amy was excited, and loved her trip to the observatory.
He only received a call from a woman upset about her laptop. She was furious and cursed him over the phone. Tim escalated the situation to his manager who refunded the woman.
But eventually, the pool's noise became unbearable. Jim didn't have enough money to buy a better pool. So he wore earplugs the rest of the day.
There was also a witness who had seen it all. The cops spoke to the driver that hit Tim. She was arrested and thrown in jail.
The game started off with both players equal. Around the middle, the other player took the lead by a full 10 points! Bob sank shot after shot, but still lost in a close 72 to 71 game.
The customer was very angry, assuming John made a mistake like he normally did. John's boss had to apologize for everything that happened. The customer did not apologize to John or his boss for being mistaken.
He decided to do an online business that sells stickers instead. He bought a hostname and somehow, it has been getting popular. He is very happy about the outcome.
After we got to the botton, we saw a bear in the distance. We all slowly backed away and left. Luckily it didn't chase after us.
As she sat grounded her parents offered her a sandwich. All Lucy wanted was to go to the friends. She waited and was thinking about eating.
He decided that day that he too needed a suit and tie. Seth bought a stylish new suit. He was hired for the next job he interviewed for.
The ball was on a little stand. His brother told him that he had been allowed to play t ball. That made Mike feel much worse.
She pretended in front of the mirror for hours. She was finally able to lip-sync very well. She can now lip=sync beautifully but still needs more practice.
After many hours, she had downloaded each of their albums. Finally, she put all of the music on her device. When she was done, she listened to it.
I had already seen it so it was kind of boring. I told my wife. She made me wash the dishes.
But even in Florida it still rained sometimes, and eight inches of rain fell Saturday night. John got up early to sweep Mister Frank's sidewalk. Mister Frank was very grateful for John's help.
He was never cheating. She really loved his brother. She married him and was very happy.
The music teacher did some last minute preparations. They were expected a large crowd. The musical performance was success.
When she got back, the teaching job wasn't what she thought it would be. The kids were disrespectful and rude, and she hated her job. Soon, Sarah did not love teaching anymore.
The other player was the mother of a young child. She was almost late getting her child from daycare She stopped playing chess with me.
She bought the ingredients and made how-to videos on YouTube. Amy finished  to make her first batch of cupcakes. Amy worked hard and was proud her cupcakes came out well.
I showed up to a club instead and it was very crowded. I watched all the bands play and met some people. Afterwards, I went home and was sad.
One of the measurements was sort of confusing. It was her Grandma's recipe, so she called her to ask about it. Her grandma gave her the correct number.
The newly installed metal monster at First National beckoned him. It was as hard as he thought it would be. Sam didn't have a plan to deal with the guards who found him trying to break in.
The distance made it easy to come together and spend time as a family. They decided to start planning an annual family getaway. They  have not traveled to over 10 countries together!
His friend began to write the story. After writing the story, the writer's computer broke randomly. The writer decided to give up on the idea for the novel.
Tim is excited and says yes! Two weeks later they win the lottery. The money has greatly improved their lives.
Jacob threw the football into Matthew's hands. Matthew ran around the players on the other team towards the goal. He scored another touchdown and the crowd cheered loudly.
I was surprised when I learned a friend of mine was leaving my company. Then I realized that several of my friends have my company recently. It got me thinking that I could use a new job.
He went right away to fire his barber. The barber wanted to trim it but the heavy guy wanted it thick. The guy became happy with his new girlfriend.
He splashed cold water on my face, threw on pants, and slammed again. He told me he was just dropping off some mail and to go back to bed. If I had known that I wouldn't be up right now.
The teacher found it and read it to the class. The class heard and laughed. Erin was embarrassed.
She ended up going home around 1 o'clock in the morning. She also ended up falling asleep when she got home since she was tired. She took advantage of her time off and slept in.
She spent a whole hour observing the flowers while her dog trampled them. Her mom came outside and gasped. Mary didn't realize the lowers belonged to their neighbor.
Every morning I would bend over him to take his pulse. Like clockwork, he would touch my breast and ask if it was a sandbag. He has since passed on, but every time I see a sandbag I think of him.
I made the 2 hour drive to New Orleans. I went to one parade. What I saw was unforgettable.
Tom was unsatisfied with the prices he saw. Tom browsed online shopping sites. Tom found a usb charger for less then 10 dollars and bought it.
He started the movie. Everything was fine until the end. It kept skipping and ruined the movie.
James finally decided to become a waiter instead. He finds a job waiting tables at a small bistro. James is very pleased he found a job in the food industry.
She asked her mother for her pens too. Her mother gave her the pens so that she could draw. Lorraine drew a picture of herself and her mother smiling together.
Then, Stacy smelled the aroma of deep-fried goodies. She stopped at each vendor to sample the wares even though she wasn't supposed to. Two hours later, Stacy was back at the car with a belly ache.
He went to the local fish market. He purchased 12 bass. He cooked them and ate the delicious meats.
Gerald cooks vegetables to put on the pizza himself. After eating he feels very full. Gerald is content now that he is no longer hungry.
She only pretended to give it back. I confronted her. Patty claimed she lost it.
He took his new date to the rink to go skating. Dan had never been ice skating before, so he fell down a lot. He decided that next time, he would take his date to the zoo.
Courtney is mad and very upset when she finds out that the baby was miscarried. Chandler decides to break up with Courtney. Courtney is now very heartbroken.
They gathered all of their material's and started building it. They finished their planter and painted it for the plants. After the rain stopped they put the planter outside.
He went to the park with his friends. Danny walked 4 miles at the park. Danny was proud of his exercise while at the park.
She worried about whether people would like her idea. Finally, she contacted her friends and found out everyone was coming to her party. She was able to have her party without guilt.
He told his dad, who took him to the ER. There they diagnosed him with appendicitis. He had to have surgery right away.
After weeks of waiting she was finally able to get a table. Mary ordered chicken and rice and received her chicken under-cooked. Mary was disappointed and left a bad review.
The doctor would have prescribed Jeremy an antibiotic. He would have taken the medicine exactly as prescribed. But instead Jeremy is still ill.
The accountant asked her to sir down and make a list of her deductions. She gave it to the accountant and left him to do the rest. After 4 weeks she got her refund and felt relieved.
Instead, I like to use my typewriter. I keep a journal and pencil with me at all times. But one time I lost the journal, and with it two weeks of work.
Gina talked to her friend Pam who had also had a phone taken. Pam told Gina the teacher would never return her phone, but Gina told her she would if she just begged. Gina walked away hoping Pam would get her phone back too.
One cat did not like people not even Ronda. Ronda always wondered what she was truly thinking. That cat ran away 5 days later.
My day was going better. I ended up talking to a homeless man who was sitting nearby. He was the best listener I've ever ran across.
Suddenly, the children ran towards the biggest tree. It actually turned out to be the perfect Christmas tree! The Walker family tied it to their car and took it home.
His mom sneezed when she was shaving his hairline. There was a huge swatch of hair missing from the back of Lou's head. His buddies teased him to no end at the dance that night!
It still worked, and the art piece was displayed in a gallery at a fancy show. Many people offered a lot of money for the work. The artist refused and kept the piece for himself.
She went through five different dressings before she found the one. It took months, but she found a fat free version of her salad dressing. Her cholesterol is way down as a result.
She ran home and explained what happened. Her mom took Kia to the drugstore. Kia went home with her new medication.
When Sue returned she was wearing Amy's jeans. Amy was questioned Sue about her jeans. Sue wore Amy's favorite jeans without permission, and didn't seem to care.
Tina hired a stern babysitter, named Jim. Tina's daughter listened to Jim. Tina was very happy.
At first there were not many birds in the trap. Sarah used a different type of trap. The new trap caught many birds and even squirrels!
He spent two weeks studying the same script for a new position. Suddenly his new manager said he wasn't good enough and fired Greg. A pushy, fat and black girl was Greg's manager that fired him.
Next, she attempted to pull it into the garage. She then took a large rope and tied it as tight as she could. Faye is now enjoying eggnog while decorating the tree.
Regardless, he spent countless hours practicing and mastering the craft. He started to grow weary, but his father talked him through it. He performed his first show and did everything perfectly.
On the day of the drawing everyone booed the results. The raffle man plunged his hand into the bowl of tickets. He pulled out ticket number 564 and the owner won.
When I filled up my new cup it tasted funny. After looking into the cup, I realized that it was lake water. My cousin ended up taking my cup.
A strange person sat next to her and said hi. She tried to ignore him. He said that he used to be a good high school friend of hers.
I was upset because everyone had a fun time playing on the boat and grilling out last time. I got a bit too sunburn. Other than that it was a great time with good people.
Sadly, this duck had been struck by a car, a hit and run. I took the duck home and gave it a proper funeral. The duck is buried in our backyard now, with a little plaque in his memory.
She ran onto the snow mounds. She was told to come inside after several hours because dinner was ready. Beth headed inside, content and warm.
It would swoop over the yard looking for mice. The owl would catch mice for its babies. Eventually we had to cut down the tree, and that's why the owl left.
When he got home he made a milkshake. He tried the new ice cream with the shake and shared with his wife. They both loved it and now they will keep buying that ice cream.
One day Jill lost her phone in her bedroom. She went outside and made three new friends that day. Jill realized that her phone wasn't as important as she once thought.
Cole had an interview at a store. Cole was nervous and didn't go. A week later he got a phone call that he wasn't hired!
It didn't move as I stayed away. I figured it was sleeping, or maybe it was dead. Then, all of a sudden, it scurried away.
He went to the door to ask Miss Lindt what happened. She said they had been to the groomers that day. Some yellow dye fell into the bathwater, dying their fur!
One friend fell off and made a great splash. The other two circled back and rescued him. They were more cautious after that.
He moved, bought land, and there he put in two roads. He incorporated the town of Bountiful Trees. The scenery now consists of solid shade.
His cat got close to him. Sam told him to get away. The cat then ran away from him.
All of my friends came over and we couldn't watch the game Many of them were disappointed. I am angry my new TV didn't arrive in time and I won't use the company again.
On the last day of installation, there was an accident. The guy from home depot crossed the wires, which caused an electrical sparks. Ann was disappointed with her decision to use home depot.
Darius decided to dress up on Halloween. He dressed up as a pirate and went trick or treating past his curfew. His father caught him and grounded him for two weeks.
On the first day Bob calls in sick even though he feels fine. When Bob's boss comes to check on him he realizes Bob is not sick. He fires Bob.
He decided to play trumpet instead and practiced every day. He eventually got better and better. Jake eventually got good enough to win the talent show at his school.
Penny felt sleepy on the short walk. When she looked up,they were walking into an ice cream parlor. Penny loved the surprise.
I tried to get my doctorate degree. I went through so many years of tutoring. I finally got my PHD.
Some of you have asked why we don't just break up already. I understand the frustration but I want to be sure. I'm not sure if you guys understand the emotional investment involved.
When he put the mask on it was too big. He went to the yard to see the kids wearing the hideously large mask. The children began screaming when they saw the monster bunny.
A lifeguard announced that a shark had been spotted! In fact, all the nearby beaches were closed due to sharks! Mandy was interested in the shark and  became interested in marine biology.
During one play, the lead actor sprained an ankle and couldn't perform. Tad, who had memorized the part by heart, auditioned for the lead. Tad failed the audition but was thanked for trying.
Soon the gutter was full of foam. It began to back up into the grass. Soon there were large foamy peaks of soap on the grass and sidewalk.
He didn't give up and found a service that let users promote dating websites and be paid. He signed up and promoted a dating service on social media. After six months Charles didn't make a single dollar from the service.
The children were napping in the car. After parking the car, the mother sees a posted sign. The sign says that deer hunting is today, so the trip is off.
She liked the old one much better. The old one was out for the rest of the year sick. After 2 months Gina had forgotten about the sick teacher.
She had plenty of time to brush her teeth and get dressed. Right as she was about to leave her Mom stopped her. Her mom told her that school was out that day.
He needed to find another solution. Sam decided to sleep with a nightlight. Sam never had a bad dream again.
A few people thought it was made with real alligator skin Anna was appalled that people would think she supported animal cruelty. She decided to return the purse after all.
Then she asked her mom and aunt for cooking tips. They helped her out and let her make practice meals. By Thanksgiving, she was skilled enough to cook her family dinner!
She told her friend who works there about how she felt. He told her she can use his classroom for her studies. She was very grateful.
One of the letters was addressed to a person I didn't know. I ripped open the letter and read it anyway. I wrote back to the sender and told him to not bother me.
Everybody seemed to have formed their own groups. I felt like I didn't fit in anywhere. It took me almost 4 months before I fit in with people to hang out with.
Rather than going for a walk, he stayed hom. He gazed out the window, and saw a beautiful red bird fly past. This was a rare sight, so now he was happy he stayed home.
Christine wanted to finish reading a book rather than visiting. Melba wasn't much into reading and she got very bored. Christine loaned her a book and now Melba is an avid reader too.
He was so tired the next day! But he grabbed a coffee and made it to every class. Thanks to not studying, Dee failed most of his exams.
They knew phones weren't allowed in detention. But it was so boring, they didn't care. When they were dismissed, they laughed because they outsmarted the teacher.
She tried to see what was the holdup. Afterwards, she was impatient and went to the store. When she got back home and the child was playing with it, it broke instantly.
When she went to take the test, she was nervous she would fail. When she got the test, she didn't recognize any of the information! She had accidentally studied the wrong chapters.
She placed the heat on low and walked away from the kitchen. The egg was even more burnt when she came back. However, her brother volunteered to eat it and said that it was good.
They managed to put a satellite in space. Then they managed to put a man on the moon. The two countries still cooperate in matters of space exploration.
As he was typing, he accidentally spilled his coffee. His keyboard got soaked with coffee. Jim had to get another keyboard from the supply room because it was ruined.
He opened the oven door and reached for the cookie tray. But cool air from the oven soothed his eyes and face. And he places the cookies all over the counter.
One day, Mr B was tired. And he decided to let his students do whatever they wanted. They played quietly because they could tell Mr B was tired.
So, she strung some popcorn on it. After that, she added ornaments, candy canes and tinsel. Finally she put a star on top.
His wheel caught on a small rock. Ben crashed and scraped his knees. Ben rides exta carefully now.
Her cousins came over to visit and she turned the song ogg. They had a really nice chat without distractions. That was what Gina had intended all along.
Her parents told her she had to save her money for gas. She got a job at the local pet store to earn money for gas. She was able to not worry about paying for gas anymore.
Unfortunately, she had run out of time to put it into motion before her next planned release date. Instead, she fell back on her idea for a hair style tutorial that she'd had for some time. She filmed the video and then posted it.
The queen keeled over on the second drink. The king asked who had prepared the drinks. The king had the queen's mother killed.
Her dog knocked over the furniture Jessi tried to clean it up. Now there is a huge spot of red enamel paint on the carpet.
He looked under the couch, bed, and in the bathroom. The wallet was not in any of those places! He found the wallet in his jacket pocket!
Emily tried a drugstore remedy. She put strong medication on her cheeks and nose. Her sinuses cleared out within 30 minutes.
Since she can run fast, I experienced some difficulty catching up. In addition, my right shoe opened from the inside out. I ended up falling on the ground.
They were on stage in the middle of singing. Suddenly, Sasha fell during a song. Luckily, she got back up and they were able to finish the song.
They had a game last Saturday and the scores were very close. Right before the buzzer, Kalid made a shot and it went in! He won the game for his team and realized all his hard work paid off.
He wrote a song about fake troubles in his life. He performed the song to a judge at an audition. Wayne eventually got signed onto a record label.
The artwork from the Smith Family collection was on sale this week. It was marked down to $35 from $40. Since I liked the artwork I bought a piece.
I also woke up every day and jogged and did sit ups. I kept this up for weeks and increased the difficulty. After weeks, I began to feel really great.
His neighbor had chairs in their backyard. They had fun sitting with each other and talking. Tom eventually got a chair by asking his parents for one.
On the way he tried to get hold of his secretary. He was distracted by trying to make his phone call. Because of his distraction, he missed his stop.
We got together over the weekend and got everything together. When the pizza arrived we handed them around. The pizzas were a hit with everyone.
Her parents kept trying to get her to let them help but she said no. One evening she had another loose tooth, so her brother gave her a wad of bubblegum. She felt a tug as she was chewing as her tooth came out in the gum.
I just can usually resist the temptation of a treat. I'm happy with my lack of sweet tooth. I don't have any enormous, painful cavities.
They handed out thank you cards to their parents. Their parents decided to let their kids go. The  girls had a fun shop.
Martha heard a loud thud coming from her vacuum cleaner when she tried turning it on. A metal toy had gotten stuck inside. Martha had to clean out her vacuum cleaner with a brush.
When came over at night, she got to meet the nocturnal occupant. Around 10pm, Jill opened the cage door. An adorable little furry animal with big eyes jumped out.
Marge was pleased to have caught the mouse. She went outside and set the mouse free. The mouse paused a moment before running back in Marge's house.
He didn't have much money. He decided to buy ice cream instead of milk. It helped him feel better if only for a night.
It took Bo a couple of days to fix the engine. When the engine was repaired, Bo finally was able to fish in the ocean. Bo caught a lot of fish.
Surprisingly, I saw one of my friends was lying on the ground with a blanket covering him. The paramedics loaded my friend into the ambulance, taking him away. When I visited him at the hospital, the nurse said he will be okay.
Instead, they decided to spend time to work on a different set of skills. The new soccer team showed more creativity. Because of their hard work, they were very entertaining.
Then he took the large can out to the curb. After the garbage man came, he brought his empty can back inside. Paul put a new bag in the can and then washed his hands.
Her mom found out that one of the stores had the bear. Sally and her child went to the store and got the bear. They drove home and had dinner and went to bed.
She assured her that it was just a bad dream and meant nothing. Sandy gave her mother a big hug and kiss. After she left, Sandy eventually feel back asleep
She opened her mouth and took a big bite out of one. The strawberries were still hot and it scorched her tongue. Her tongue was numb for several hours.
Josh decided that it was time for a phone case. He went to the store to look at all his options. Josh bought a new phone case.
He read it and practiced his swing every day. A year went by, and Derek kept at it. Today Derek's able to hit the ball every time he swings.
The people appreciated all his works. The people gave him money. Bob is a happy person.
We went to crunch some numbers. I calculated the odds of winning and I showed him the number. We realized the lottery was not in his favor and he quit playing it.
He didn't know how to approach different females. And is now many Years past his prime. He lives alone now as an old man.
She had been calling a guy and I found him at my front door. Next, he put dents in my new car with the heel of his shoe! So I called the police on him and we never spoke again.
When they grew older and reconnected they shared friends. But Lana crossed the line and shared Nicole's Boyfriend. Though hurt Nicole forgave her to save their friendship.
Chad decided he would follow a tribute band. However, Chad couldn't find any concerts that were local. Chad was dismayed that he would not be able to see the concert.
Paul has over 500 Superman comic books. He keeps his books inside of plastic bags with cardboard backs. Paul won't let anyone touch them without gloves.
They had to send it back to the manufacturer. They were able to get a replacement because of insurance. She promised to be more careful from now on.
But he made his dad promise to play his hardest with him anyways. Then the two males started playing tennis. To Tito's surprise, his dad beat him.
He looked at the trophy to remember the past. But it slipped from his mind And he won 3 more trophies.
Everyone began exchanging gifts. When it was over, the kid who George had  received had no gift. It turned out that a teacher brought an extra present, because George was never reliable.
Yesterday his teacher told them they will be having a surprise pizza party. William was upset that his classmates went outside to play on the playground without him. He was sad that when they went back inside they would have pizza and soda waiting for them.
His phone malfunctioned and he couldn't use it to call a doctor. Without any way of calling in an appointment, Frank went to the doctor office sick. Frank got everyone in the office sick too.
This was because he was afraid no one would show up. He nervously passed out invites. Many people came and they had fun!
It was around sunset. He looked at his friends. He felt more at ease.
Gina was sad, putting no effort into her zombie look. When Gina heard about the party she felt like an idiot. She had been pranked, as it wasn't a costume party!
Kate called me today and we met for coffee. She showed me pictures of the type of mansion they plan to build. I can't imagine living in a place so big!
He loved limes, tequila, and orange liqueur Larry found that happy hour margaritas were delicious. Now Larry loves having margaritas at  the bar.
Her hearing is very bad. usan is repeatedly talked to about her hearing. Susan loses her job.
Hank stopped by some sunflowers. He took out his knife and cut a sunflower off. He then wore the flower as a hat.
He began shopping for train tickets. He found a good priced seasonal ticket. He purchased the ticket and obtained his desired transportation method.
The people behind him honked their horns impatiently. They were getting frustrated, but Joe wouldn't go on a red light. He said that it was faulty, but it wasn't worth getting a ticket for.
But Kaden's mom made him wait to give it away until she checked it over. She said she had to make sure Kaden's candy was safe, not adulterated. Finally she said it was OK, and Kaden started giving away his pile of sweets!
She looked everywhere in the house. They were nowhere to be found. Gina sat on the front step and kept thinking about where they could be.
The girl wanted to talk to Jason about his car. Jason pumped his gas and replaced the gas nozzle on the pump. Jason opened his car door and the girl kissed him.
She was about to purchase a phone for Mexico in a store. Then a beep came from her purse. Her American phone was still working and that was when she realized she was still in California.
People kept walking right past him without a care in the world. I walked right up to him and gave him a strange look. His smile creeped me out and I went on my way.
It was used and he didn't even get it serviced. I became sad. I realized he didn't value me as his son.
The next day, he tried at a beach, but a rogue wave snuck up on him. Finally, the next day we went inland and he found a beautiful mansion. He asked, and I said yes.
Ella decided to teach Nelly how to Knit. Now Nelly can knit They're planning to learn to weave together!
He fantasized about being muscular. And he gave in to buying workout equipment. After using the workout equipment, he never trusted another infomercial.
The contractors did as they were asked and said they would replace the doors. The doors of the shower were part of an entire shower unit. The entire shower was replaced.
A policeman saw Steve and kept going. Steve walked slowly, he was in no rush. Steve was uncomfortable carrying the keys and phone on his hand.
She began to feel her eyelids getting heavy. She fought the sleep, determined to show them she could finish the movie. Lucy fell asleep on her bed 30 minutes before the movie ended.
But his dad called her and said grandma was in the hospital. Kelly was shocked. She immediately ran over to find her.
He was glad he didn't have to go to the store to buy a microwave. Unfortunately, the spare microwave had a defect. Sean cried in frustration.
At first she thought everything was fine. However to her dismay the conditioner was stinging her hair. Clumps started falling out and Caren learned her lesson.
He went to another bar and he ordered a whiskey and drank it down quickly. The noise there was as loud as the other bar he left but suddenly the noise abated slightly so he ordered another. After a while James barely even noticed there were other patrons.
Everyone was waiting for the child's birth to see her face. We were told she was named after Ilsa from Casablanca. As this is my favorite movie I was very pleased.
Taylor was scared to walk past it. Therefore, he walked slowly around it. It growled for an instant but went back to barking afterwards.
He combed it to make it look even better. He grew tired of combing it everyday so he shaved the whole thing off. He went out to get a tattoo of a moustache instead.
On the day of the meeting, the traffic was awful on the interstate. He got on the metro and the train was delayed. He arrived at his meeting with just seconds to spare.
He faked his results and made a poster out of them. He used this poster to trick the judges. To his surprise, he won second place in the science fair!
He laughed and smiled the entire time. Kelly cleaned him as slowly as possible. He finally calmed down once she dried him off.
The teacher told her she will have to ask her parents. She knew her parents couldn't afford one so she was very sad and cried. She decided she would ask her teacher for a toy puppy instead.
He decided not to change the channel. But there were only great commercials. So he decided not to watch a movie.
She wasn't surprised. They were moving. The truck was there to pack their furniture.
Finally, the party was over and he went looking for his coat. The coat had gone missing. Manny had to search for almost an hour to locate his coat.
Eventually as things warmed up for summer, the ice began to melt. It caused a lot of flooding throughout town. It took weeks to get the flooding under control.
Bob had taken his dog to obedience classes for four weeks. Bob's dog learned how to stay when Bob commanded it. Bob and his dog entered the contest and won second place.
His dog had heard a squirrel. Jake lost control of the leash. His dog chased away at the squirrel afterwards.
She only studied for a few days. When the test came, it was easier than she expected. She finished on time and was average.
I noticed I was no longer coughing a lot and that I wasn't spending so much money. I am glad I decided to ask my friends for help. They encouraged me to ignore my cravings.
When she got home, she filled plastic baggies with candy instead. She then hid the baggies out in the yard in a variety of places. Her grandkids came over in the morning for the 'egg' hunt.
The company quickly sent him a new one and it got delivered to his mailbox. He had to pay a small charge of $25. He thought that was a great price to have a brand new phone by that weekend.
When he came back, the defense attorney began to interrogate Nate. He kept a serious tone when speaking. Afterwards, the judge dismissed him.
One day he actually won, and of course decided to quit his job. A month of crazy spending later, Peter had ran out of all of his lottery money. He wished he had his old job back.
Randomly, they all started dancing the robot. As the music was winding down people returned to their seats. Everyone enjoyed the party especially the dancing.
A dog jumped out in front of her while she was walking her bike up the hill. Sam slipped and fell. Sam broke her wrist.
When he was finished he had an even bigger headache. He then took some medicine. After an hour the headache was gone.
She took a flashlight out and went downstairs to see what happened. Alexa saw her next to a mess of things. It turned out, her cat got scared and also  knocked some items off of the counter.
He opened a shack on the beach selling fresh pineapple. He became a huge hit! He's made thousands selling his pineapple!
When they were still allowed, they would slide down them, but one time she said something unexpected happened. They went too fast and went all the way down to the water. The lake wasn't completely frozen so they got soaking wet.
They found that the wedding was going to cost one thousand dollars. They realized they could use that money very easily. So, they decided to have a wedding and get married with friends.
He grew thirsty Billy needed to deal with the fact he no longer had the chance to get a drink. Billy decided to take his break the next day.
After arriving at the restaurant, Frank ordered a large box of french fries. Frank sat in the restaurant and ate his french fries. Frank was happy that he got to eat french fries.
He heard a runner jogging near him. He kept control of his bike and rode on. Nate didn't end up scratching his hand.
The rest of the audience cringed alongside her. The audience became rowdy and Nora was kicked out with some others. Nora still talks about the worst play she ever saw.
Last night Jerod drunk dialed Annie 2 AM. Today Annie's mom bumped into Jared's mom at the grocery store. The women agree that their kids shouldn't date anymore.
She said it was "just casserole" and it wasn't supposed to look pretty, even if it was half of her final grade. But Katie's casserole was tasteless and burned! Her final grade went down to a "C".
They skipped school together. A classmate noticed and told a teacher. Kara and Tina were scolded by the principal for what they had done the next day.
The bread was good, but didn't taste like the bread her grandmother made. Sally called her grandmother to ask what she did wrong. Sally had forgotten to add cinnamon.
Pete was frustrated his teacher wouldn't help him. He decided to go to tutoring after school. The tutoring really helped improve his grades.
He had followed the forecast. All of a sudden, the temperature dropped and it snowed. George was prepared and didn't get frostbite.
Mary was back at work when she started to feel dizzy. Her boss rushed her to the hospital. Mary had her blood pressure checked immediately afterwards.
She thought she didn't need it. Sally then started to spend too much money. Sally is now in debt.
But Ali said he could only eat beef nachos. Emma had never had beef nachos and she was hesitant. But when she tried them, she found they were delicious!
Ann's friends had to help her get home without him. They then drove her to a bar where they got her drunk. Ann will never feel anything for him again.
She went to the store to purchase more. She continued sewing. The dress turned out beautifully.
One day I had enough and hit him with a chair. My mother was very mad. He never ignorned me again though.
The birds flew away when the shot rang out. Gus didn't raise his gun at the birds. He fired no more times and didn't take out any birds.
After a few weeks the melon didn't sprout. Mila dug out the melon seed and threw it away She daydreams of the sweet melon she could be enjoying as a snack.
Chad went to his sister's house to find the nanny. The nanny did not know any Latin and could not help. Chad struggled and only completed a few of the tasks.
He rushed to get ready for work. Bob was forced to get to work early. He was happy to have been there for his important day at work.
We got bored so we made picnic from the food we had for the party. Robert's brother played his guitar while his girlfriend sang. The car was fixed and made it home like nothing was wrong.
A few minutes ago he started scratching He rolled around on the floor. He  is acting like his old self
But they were taking too long, and some people got together and started wandering the streets. After a while they got riled up and started breaking into stores. Before the morning came dozens of stores were burned to the ground.
Lisa got settled into her bed to get ready. Unfortunately, Lisa missed her trip. She ended up taking a virtual tour instead!
John had a great game and the coach met him after the game. The coach also met with his parents to express his interest. John informed the coach that he already accepted an offer from another coach.
She read books about cheerleading. She went to the open tryouts at her school. She did her best cheer and made the team.
One time, one of the dogs ate the other dog's puppies. This made the mother dog turn mean. From then on, we had to keep those two dogs separated.
At the bottom of the steps was a snake. He laughed, thinking it was rubber. Then he saw it move!
He looked around for open windows but didn't see any. Then he remembered he had his phone. He used the locked out app on his phone and found his way in!
I remember last year, we decided to fix it for her birthday. We covered it with a sheet, and when she came home we surprised her. She was really happy we fixed her old chair but now it's totally broken.
Instead of working on it, she went out with friends. She procrastinated until the last minute. Kay finished it the night before it was due.
She put everything in separately. When she took her clothes out she didn't have any surprises. The colors were still bright.
She set her timer to remind her. When it got time she forgot to start the episode. Afterwards, she saw that her alarm wasn't working and she missed it.
Jan picked it up, heedless of the unlucky sign. As Jan carried the mirror to the trash, her black cat tripped her. Jan cut her hand and reconsidered her stance on superstition.
He casually walked around getting ready. He skipped breakfast and got in his car, speeding towards work. He made it on time and still smelled good from his shower.
The classes were tough and not worth it. She taught herself the needed skills, and a salon hired her which made her happy. Tanya is happy she got a job and is doing great.
I hated the laptop. One day the screen looked all messed up. I was glad to have an excuse to get a new one.
I loved to travel with him every chance I got. We fell deeper in love and grew very close to each other. To this day we are madly in love and engaged to be married.
They didn't work hard at all. At the end they were awarded a trophy. Everyone went out and celebrated.
Tim had to pick an old one, he started down the hill fast. He couldn't move out of the way when headed for a boulder. Tim crashed and destroyed his old sled.
I was disappointed about missing the trip. The weather was bad and the neighbors were caught in a storm. The camping trip ended up being a disaster and I was glad we hadn't gone.
But he would still do it while putting them away! Layla began to suspect that he subconsciously hated doing dishes. Vexed but forgiving, she decided to cheerfully do them herself.
They decided to throw her a party anyways, but kept the entire party a surprise. They invited all of her friends and got her a bunch of gifts. Melanie was shocked and super happy when she found out.
I worked on it all day. The car needed new spark plugs. The car ran like brand new afterwards.
Unfortunately she forgot where she placed them. She woke up too late and didn't have time to bake. Ultimately, her boyfriend dumped her.
I held my breath, waiting for the inevitable to happen. The fish swam closer and closer towards the gators mouth! The alligator slowly turned away from the fish, swimming away.
Mark showed off and took out hundred dollar bills. John said that's not cool, and went to hangout with friends. Mark didn't want John to go, because he doesn't have friends.
She ordered new parts for it based on reviews. It arrived within a few days. She felt content with her choice and enjoyed her fixed television.
His friends said he shouldn't sell his beer. One day he lost his job. He formed his own brewery and is doing very badly.
A dog broke free from the leash Jesse was holding. He saw the dog run into the trees after a bird while a bear was coming. Jesse told the client about the accident while offering a refund.
The grandkids' favorite was her chocolate cupcakes. Granny spent a day making 400 cupcakes. Granny delivered them to the kids, who enjoyed every bite of them.
Finally he got to try his new sled. He called his friend John to meet him on the hill by the school. They took turns riding down the hill on Eric's new sled.
When he went to tell his parents he would live at home while attending college, his mom started crying. Her crying made Greg cry as well. Greg realized that he really did want to stay with his parents.
She surprisingly looked at her coworkers. When she got home, her husband gave her an ear to ear grin. He told her he sent them only because he'd been thinking about her.
She tried to plug in her phone charger into the microwave. When the plug touched the microwave, Jane's hand got shocked. There were water droplets on her hand.
He would get into the three point stance. But as soon as I'd rush, he'd run the same way. It was one of my favorite parts of football.
He was so disappointed, but then realized it was gold. He took it to get appraised right away. But he was told it was only pyrite, fool's gold!
His neighbors lit some fireworks in front of his house. He complained to the police. The police told his neighbors to not light fireworks on the road.
She felt powerful being a female programmer, though still hated it. She was in this career for the past ten years. Alexia would trade it for anything decent in the world.
After a few months of dating we had a reservation at a restaurant. Halfway into dessert, I broke it off! He wasn't the one after all.
They explained that the phone could be paid in installments, so it could still be taken home with her that day On he way home, she dropped the phone on the sidewalk. The phone cracked and Clara was very upset.
Summer break would begin soon and the teacher wished them a happy summer. The students happily exited the classroom to begin their summer brak. Madam Doubtfire knew they had all learned the class material.
When he reached high school he couldn't try out for the track team. He was upset because of his injury. He tried again next year after his injury healed.
The oldest wanted to roll up  a ball and throw it. A snowball fight would have been fun. The kids vowed next time it snowed, they would have the best snowball fight ever.
As silly as it sounds I agreed and we decorated the room. His friends came to the party and thought it was the neatest idea. Who would have thought a superhero themed party would turn out so good.
Joe was dumb and always high on drugs. He was selected for interview at a job but when he turned up he was made to take a drug test. Joe failed the test and didn't get the job.
I have sung along with many Motown artists. I had the dance steps down to a science. I tattooed the Motown sign on my neck.
Marion decided to ask her what was going on in her life. Sue told Marion that her parents were getting back together. Marion made it her mission to be more like Sue.
He woke up and seen the snowflake drift and went outside to collect it. That flake was nowhere to be found. Carl waited for the next flake to arrive.
They checked his ID at first when he went to get it but didn't want to give it to him. He had grown a big beard and gained weight. They thought he was a different person entirely, but they finally gave it back to him.
Cindy asked a local man how to get to Buckingham Palace. He directed her to Buckingham Palace but warned her it was a crowded place. Cindy discovered that crowded meant many people instead of few.
They set it on fire in the yard and buried it. The kids were scared to tell the truth. They decided to blame the dog and say he buried the toupee.
The next weekend I fixed the mower, and while mowing, my son sat on my lap and played his Ipod while I drove. I noticed he had stopped playing after a few minutes. I looked down and he was sound asleep in my lap.
In college he pursued swimming instead and won many awards. He eventually graduated and married a girl named Jenny. They settled down and they swim together occasionally.
Phil's family waited for weeks, and started to feel hopeless. Finally, a there was no kidney donor to give Phil what he needed.. Phil's life was gone because he could not find a donor.
She traveled for a full day before the train pulled into the station. Her grandma met her there and showed her a great week in town! After her visit, Mary was still very nervous about the trip to return home.
One day he stopped and refused to obey an order from his handler. The whole troop angrily stopped and waited for him to get Ralph. They weren't angry anymore when the people came running out anyway.
Both were too nervous for those results. If the doctor had run the instrument over Kate, he would have had a surprise. He would have told them he heard two hearts and said they were having twins!
Tina's mother decided to buy her a phone. Tina got behind the wheel of the car and drove fast. Tina got in an accident and now the car is ruined!
I sent out reservations. Fifty people agreed to attend The night of the event, no one showed up
As he got older, the piece of coal never became a diamond. Brady was grown up and remembered the coal. He was sad he dug the piece of coal up too early.
Then, someone new challenged her. They beat her soundly. Angela is even more humble now.
Reza loved them back. He bought lots of sandwiches and cake to their picnic. He fed his whole family and they were happy.
All month he went on and on telling her she would fail the test. Her dad told her everyone he knew failed the first time. Kay told him he was wrong and was confident she would pass.
She tried to ignore him but he started making a lot of noise. Finally, she marched next door. She yelled at her neighbor, who apologized profusely.
Her hairstylist however refused. Sandy was very upset about it. She decided to never go back to this hairstylist again.
The game went off. I hit a buzzer beater to reboot it. I dabbed in my friend's face.
My friend suggested I do fun exercise. My friend didn't understand that I couldn't do that. I was sad I could not become muscular.
I turned on my playstation and grabbed a controller until it was time to go. I played video games online for a long time and forgot about the party. Then, I turned off the playstation and went to bed.
She laughed and pretended to be lighthearted, as she didn't want her mom to take it. She walked calmly to her room and closed the door. She jumped on her bed as her heart pounded in her ears.
When I got to another store there wasn't any there either. I was so upset I decide to just by something else and go home. I ended up finding the bag at an online store..
He ran away and came back later when bear was gone and packed up his stuff. He went home and told everyone what he saw. To this day Jeff has never gone camping again.
Jimmy jumped in and fought back until the bullies left. He did everything he could to help his friends. When the facts of the situation came out, Jimmy was not punished.
When he moved out, his mother didn't contact him at all. But Charles got wealthy and famous locally. Then his mother showed but Charles wouldn't take her calls or visits.
She rushed after him and went down in the elevator to catch him. Instead of catching him, the elevator stopped lots of times and went slowly. Finally, she met him at the ground floor to deliver the document.
She saw strange symbols and items in the house. Megan asked what they were all about. Her friend explained that they were Jewish symbols and she was Jewish.
She dried the reed back and tightened the ring. The reed split in two. Gina had no idea the reeds often broke.
Finally Lisa decided to  be friends with Kelly despite the fight. Kelly was mad but agreed. The two spoke again and became closer.
He had loved to pair his food with different wine's. He quit drinking after he drank too much wine while cooking and got drunk. He left his oil on the stove too long and burned down the restaurant.
When her parents drove her the first day, Sue noticed the other students had nicer clothes. She quickly hid her own clothes out of site with a big coat. Sue watched from the window as her folks drove away.
One day, she got sick after lunch. Meredith decided she couldn't eat that type of cheese anymore. Now, she eats salads for lunch.
Then, they transferred the hot cookies onto a rack to cool. After the cookies were all cool, they each ate one. When the cookies were all gone, they made more.
Mike knew that most business fail within the first months. Mike still believed in himself and did it anyway. Now over a year later Mike's business is very successful.
She dressed him nice and set him on a blanket at the photographer's office/ Then, he took a bunch of pictures. Finally, she chose her favorite and bought it.
Greg wanted to know who his mother really was. He hired a private investigator. After much diligent research, he found so many family secrets.
Rufus looks for a harpsichord every day. Finally he finds a good one. His dream of becoming a harpsichord player has come true.
In desperation he had avoided a trash can. The trash can smelled so bad that Mitch avoided hiding in it. The child seeking Mitch would have found him by the smell.
His friend and co-player John was paralyzed from the waist down. Undeterred, John went into physical therapy. A year later, John continued playing basketball in a wheelchair.
I still filled the dough with jelly and cream. I baked them for 30 minutes. I ate 3 jelly rolls but they didn't taste how they were supposed to.
One day a boy passed a note to Lionel. Lionel took the note and passed it back to the boy. Lionel loved notes from then on.
His sister didn't feel the same way. Mike's sister complained. So everyone decided to switch teams.
He decided to check that last thing off his list, so he went and fished for salmon. He made a lot of money. He did this for many summers.
I saw one once in an old movie. I guess the water wheel doesn't change much but I bet it's more quiet. I'm saving my money to ride one if I ever get the chance.
He thought ice outside the blender would make it colder. Next, he blended milk and fruit. It was too runny and needed ice inside the blender, not out.
Amber had been distracted by her looks and she wasn't paying attention. She got very filthy when she fell down the manhole. When she came to the surface, she was dirty and no longer sexy.
They objected to their union. Donna confesses her love once again. Donna's friends suggest that she go to counseling.
I was getting frustrated because I was having trouble stopping. I threw my laptop against the wall. I couldn't play video games anymore.
She made sure her customers were taken care of Today she received a table of nice teenagers. They left her a tip of twenty dollars
We did things all summer, and had a terrible time. Their parents didn't trust me because of my age. They had me fired, and I had to say goodbye to their kids.
One day Mike met a girl who didn't like Mike working all the time. Mike discovered that he loved the girl more than the rodeo. Mike eventually quit and married the girl he loved.
However, everything that could go wrong did. The food was bad and it was raining. I learned that day to not get my hopes up.
She was asked to meet someone in the hall outside her class. She wanted to go back in the class and help the teacher. The person agreed and she went back to the classroom.
She worked up the courage and took a PADI course. Then she got her certificate. Now Ana could scuba dive!
Bob decided to fire his trader as he thought he knew what to do. At the same time, his penny stocks collapsed. Now, Bob lost all of his profit!
They wanted to find the perfect restaurant for all and shoot some fireworks. Unfortunately the restaurant is within city limits and its not allowed. They will at least enjoy the desert.
So she she thought winning would be easy. After she didn't win, she was shocked. Sarah believed the whole thing was set up to humiliate her.
One day a a cute new girl sat down next to him at lunch. She asked him what he was eating. He offered her some of it because at this time he loved to share.
The song brought back many memories. I went online and found all the band's old hits. This proved to me Disco is alive and well.
A lot of other students were struggling with it. They worked hard and tried their best. Unfortunately it wasn't enough for many and they got bad grades.
He looked it up and saw that grass didn't grow well in his area. Luckily, he found a grass like moss that would work. He immediately got to work planting it.
They loved Wayfair's colorful furniture. Jamie got excited and purchased many items. By the time they were done online they had spent over 2 thousand dollars.
He enrolled in a course that required him to speak Spanish every day. Fred's Spanish language skill improved slowly. Finally Fred was able to speak Spanish.
Sitting in his kitchen, he ate while reading his phone. An emailed popped up, a new store had opened across the street. Finishing his meal, he drove to the store to see their options.
His mom would buy it sometimes. She knew that he would get diabetes by now if he drank it everyday. As he got older he stopped drinking Mountain Dew.
Jamie threw five wild pitches in a row in the first half. In the second half, Jamie hurt his arm while pitching. He was unable to finish the game and didn't get any strikes.
Lisa felt annoyed and yelled at her sister because she knew that her sister was just being sarcastic. And every morning, she decided to eat pancakes to spite her. She never gained weight from all the pancakes either.
One day, I touched a beehive and the bees were pretty upset so they stung me a few times. That would have been the end of it, but it turns out I was allergic! I ended up spending a night in the hospital.
The professionals worked hard to fix it. They finally finished it. His wife is so happy to have two bathrooms again!
She wanted to find out what her prognosis was. I told my niece I would talk to the doctor about her prognosis. My niece hopes I can convince the doctor to tell me her prognosis.
I made a delicious looking jambalaya. I checked the taste and seasoning. It was perfect and I enjoyed the meal.
He would always lose. He practiced really hard. Soon he was glad to be off the team.
After a few sleepless days, she decided to take a sleeping pill. Before she knew it, she was asleep. She woke very refreshed.
She has a big test coming up and didn't study very hard. On the day of the test, Rachel was not nervous about how she did. Because she didn't study hard, Rachel made a D grade on the test.
The woman looked very angry and began to yell at Mike. Mike ran inside and grabbed his bottle of mace. He sprayed the woman who ran away.
It got dark after he was out riding so long. He ended up calling it a day. His scooter was stolen that night, and Trevor cried.
t wasn't Christmas, but he decided to lie. He told the waitress and she believed him. Jackson got the free sundae and they even sang for him.
Chad purchased matching bow ties, and shirts for them. Chad even practiced poses that he could take with his son. Chad could wait to have his son's first picture taken.
Unfortunately Tom didn't realize he was wanted. He had to stay there more time while they looked him up. They put him in jail.
Gina disliked the thought of sleeping in a house all alone. But it would certainly be roomy. She just needed to convince one of her siblings to sleep there too.
Justin started boogie-ing like it was 1976. The other dancers stood in awe. Justin wasn't wearing any shoes.
He made more money than he ever expected. One day his business went bankrupt from bad bookkeeping. He now wishes that he wasn't so foolish with his business.
I admired the ant's teamwork. I watched the ants for twenty minutes. The ants finally carried the leaf into their home.
He looked for him forever the next time he disappeared. Manny even put up signs and offered rewards. His dog never returned that time.
All the while my cat sat and looked at my like I was crazy. After 10 minutes of this my cat got up and walked off. My keys were under my couch the whole time.
She opened her car door to speak to the officer. She threw up on the street. She was put under arrest.
Jessica had just bought that new phone a few weeks ago. It was the newest Samsung Galaxy. When her phone was fixed the next day, Jessica jumped for joy.
One day, Mark got in trouble at school and to everyone's surprise, he threw the biggest fit. He screamed and cried and held his breath. All the other boys and girls saw him act like that and didn't like him
They eventually caught up with people way ahead of them and Payne asked them if they could play through. The people let Payne and his group play though. Payne was glad that he asked them nicely.
It had locked up on its own. In addition, several plumes of smoke puffed out of the tower. The computer turned of afterwards.
But she persisted, and eventually she became my best friend. Alas, one day she fell sick. She died in my arms.
Tj wanted to have particular equipment in his home gym. The equipment he desired was expensive. Tj decided to use items at home and to use as makeshift equipment.
Tina decided not to try them. She wouldn't have been used to their chewiness. Over time, however, Tina decided to try steel oats.
Anna fell down and howled in pain! She had to lay down with ice on her ankle that night. Even still, she woke with a puffy black ankle the next morning.
She threw on a sweatshirt and raced to the garage. Her boyfriend was there. He was holding roses and coffee.
Myla didn't need to go to dance school. She was scouted out at a recital and was offered a scholarship. Myla is now a professional dancer.
It went off the runway and landed in the ocean. He floated to shore and sought help. Soon he was on the phone with his happy, sobbing wife!
He accepted. But he could not stand eating all those veggies. His mom won the bet!
Suzi and Liza Dillinger came thirty minutes early. Ms Moffett gave them both a smile because she loves everyone. Maggie smiled at the differences between her neighbors.
I was so heartbroken. I immediately ran to tell my family. Everyone was depressed.
He had felt like having some fun in the office. So he screamed, "Hoorah" and threw his papers in the air, and jumped. That is why he was fired.
Just as he was about to take a bite it disappeared into a seagull's mouth. A seagull had grabbed it right out of his hand. His dad shared his sandwich with him.
John was happy that he'd get to work early. He had a relaxing drive. He got to work twenty minutes early.
Jim left the kitchen to get the milk he left in the car. While he was outside the cooking oil spilled over and started a fire. Jim called 911 and the fire department came to put out the fire.
Ben worked at it every week for a year, but was still just short. He also ate good foods to help his health. About a year later Ben finally did one hundred sit ups.
She started off great but quickly began to have problems. She tripped over her own feet. She decided not to try tennis barefoot again.
He couldn't decide between all of his options so he asked his counselor. His counselor gave him the pros and cons of each university. Robert decided to go to Yale because it was not close to his family.
Even with making his monthly payments, Bill still had a terrible spending problem. Regretfully, Bill decided that he would have to file for bankruptcy. Bill was saddened that he had to take such a drastic step.
Carlos was happy with his tuba. He could play it all day long. The Tuba was really clean on the inside and sounded great.
She asked if I'm doing good with my pregnancy. I got confused since I wasn't pregnant. She eventually noticed that she had the wrong patient chart.
My husband and I panicked and called the accountant. The accountant asked for all receipts from 2018, whoa! Thank God we put everything on charge accounts and have a record.
Except when we went into a calm tunnel. At it's end we dropped unexpectedly. I was scared.
My daughter finally grew old enough to appreciate it too. It is big and black and sturdy and surprisingly light. It is in my daughter's living room and she uses it every day.
When she got to school, she discovered something amazing. The other girls were complimenting her new skirts, tees and cardigans! Mina wasn't mocked - she was made a style icon!
Finally, she planted them in the ground. The next day, Mary's son came running into the kitchen. He showed her the 'potato' bulbs he had dug from the garden.
It had been three days since he had last checked it. He realized there was no room for more mail. He needs to check it more often.
He took a class on social skills, and soon made many new friends. He saw his social skills improve. He dramatically improved his relationships with others.
Jimmy layed down in his office. He started to feel a little better. He secretly felt happy about being sick.
He tried very hard to overcome his depression. He failed to get better on his own. Chase signed up for therapy right then and there.
Jenny got convinced by her friends to join anyway and baked a delicious fruit tart. The judges at the competition loved her fruit tart. Jenny won first place at the baking competition!
There was a delay in their flight. It was taking so long. By the time they got on the plane, they were set back hours in their travel plans.
I sat on the chair and turned on Netflix on my tablet. I decided to watch gossip girl. I watched for hours to occupy myself.
They planned to go to dinner one night. Sam's girlfriend cooked for him that night. He agreed it was the best idea.
John wrote for five hours every night for a week. John showed up to turn in his essay. John got his essay back and received an A+.
I was watching the birds feed and enjoy themselves. Then I saw the neighbor's cat hiding behind the tree. It was staring on in jealousy because it could not do anything.
I decided to train my dog to ring a bell when he wanted to come inside. After a while, my dog started to ring the bell nonstop. I realized I had trained him poorly.
Anthony invited her to his house and they had fun. He called her the following day and they talked on the phone for a long time. She told him she had two kids.
His decision was reinforced after a couple friends got shot. He tried to leave the gang, but was told he couldn't leave alive. He moved out of town, changed names and his appearance to start anew.
He watched all the movies he could find. Then he decided to create his own time machine. He never succeeded because time travel is probably impossible.
She walked to her DVD collection. Brenda grabbed the movie she thought about. She decided to start watching it right away.
Lady's humans calmly and reassuringly walked up to where she was standing. Lady got tired and decided to take a seat in the same place in the yard. Lady's humas put her collar back on and praised her for being so well behaved.
I ate it of course. I became very full. I bought more from the supplier and spent a nice amount of money.
Their married life was blissful for many years. Then she caught her indulging in indiscretion with a supermodel. She used her razor to forever change her ways.
Suddenly, she felt something painful. She looked down at her ankle. There, she saw a bee sting.
Man it was disappointing! We could have chased the ball all around the court. It probably would have been one of the best workouts I've ever gotten.
But she already had three candidates in mind. At the first interview, Yolanda was impressed by the applicant. She hired her the next day.
She was asleep when the fire alarm started going off. She had left a candle burning. She was glad it didn't burn the house down.
He gave her an iv for dehydration. After 2 hours she felt a lot better. Her mother was relieved it was not serious.
He was determined to compete. His trainer, Jim, suggested he wait until next year to compete. Al ignored Jim's input, and placed last in the competition.
He went to the advertised area and saw others paying their fee regardless of the fact. They put them on an elephant and let them ride around for ten minutes. Ken whooped and hollered with anger like a mad man at the others!
All of a sudden I heard a sudden bang in my bathroom. I ran in and couldn't see the figure standing there alone. It said it was an inter-dimensional being but I know that ghosts lie.
He was glad to see that they were there too. At school Tom asked John if he liked the movie. John said that he had not.
He has grown tired of helping people meet their fitness goals. He works too hard and wants a break. Marc hates being a crossfit gym owner.
When he woke up, he jumped onto a shelf and accidentally knocked over a paint can and spilled it. The cat jumped back down and landed in a puddle of blue paint. He ran up the stairs, leaving a trail of blue paw prints.
So they decided they would go to a new one this weekend and have a picnic. Saturday came along, and the Becks were excited. But, it started to rain really bad, and they couldn't go to the new park.
His opponent just jumped into John. John's character fell straight into the pit. John slammed the game controller onto the ground.
Then I read they would show the originals again. We watched the marathons again. We were happy it was back to the old format.
I asked a farmer if I could try one of the oranges. He picked an orange fresh from the tree! It was the most tasty orange I had ever had.
Finally, the time came when Anna could not avoid babysitting them. Her sister went away for an hour. While she was gone, Anna did a great job with the babies.
The bank checked his credit and borrowing history. They approved his loan. Joe bought his motorcycle.
Every day her friends called her and she was writing so many checks. Sally called her fiance and suggested they just elope. A week later they were in Hawaii on their honeymoon.
It took a week for them to turn off his power. Ricky's energy bill was reduced to nothing. Ricky was so upset of his decision.
He looked online and found a man needing free furniture. He drove to the man's house and happily gave him the items. When he got home, his house still looked great.
However, I don't think I would enjoy all the research. Having to spend all your time trying to learn about everything. It just doesn't sound good at all.
She looks at all the stores to find the best price. Her son's present would be expensive. She had to go and pick some cheaper presents for the rest of the family now.
Her dog wandered into the kitchen to smell the vegetables and distracted her. After she put the burnt vegetables in a bowl, her dog leaped towards them. The dog ate the burnt vegetables from the floor.
When she was asleep she had a nightmare that the house burned down. That she burned to death. That there was nothing the firefighters could do to save her.
She showed them articles online which stated as much. Her husband read all of the articles and debunked Jane. The whole family agreed to continue eating tofu.
It was also tender to the touch. She looked at her head in a mirror. There she saw a dark and large bump.
The tour guide told him that it was closed to the public at the moment. Roy was very disappointed. He asked for his money back, but the tour company refused.
They took a break to rest, then started playing again, which lasted all day. Both teams scored 7 points! They were all happy with the score and went home.
After a few hours into the game, everyone got naked but I refused after taking my pants off. I had to call my cousin to pick me up. She was confused as soon as I walked into the car without pants.
The coach told him to keep praticing. Jim practiced religiously. He had to try out again at the new year and made the team again.
She applied for loans and grants. She got a loan and had a lot of debt. She made it out of college, and eventually, got a decent paying job.
Thinking quickly, she tapped on her experience with lots of kids and held a series of contests. After the final jumping contest, they were exhausted. Amazed by their quiet children, all 23 moms awarded Candace a bonus!
His dreams were all about fighting. He threw a kick in his sleep then awoke to the sound of a scream. His girlfriend lay on the floor wrapped in bedsheets.
He couldn't listen to his favorite station on his computer. He looked around and found an old classic radio. He turned it on and found the FM frequency for his favorite station.
He likes anyone as soon as he first meets them. After a while he starts to get annoying. He is a nice cat but it gets old fast.
She would get furious so this could not be risked. Jim spilled peanut butter crackers by accident. The child saw the mess and went into shock.
Instead, I asked for the older but more reliable model. They didn't have any in stock. I didn't get my phone that day.
But things quickly escalated again, and Timmy threw a punch which Billy easily dodged. Billy knocked Timmy to the ground with one swift kick. Timmy's eyes widened as he knew he was the one now in trouble.
Last week it was raining really hard. I tried to tell him to ignore it when I unknowingly tossed his fetch toy out the window. But instead I had to deal with a soggy paper in bed.
He decided to apply this knowledge to manufacturing smoothies. He experimented with all sorts of unique flavors. His one-of-a-kind smoothies now dominate the smoothie market!
They had a meal and ordered a bottle of wine. They drank the entire bottle of wine. They were slightly drunk and walked around the park after lunch.
All of a sudden I fell down when I got out of the car at home. I had slid a patch of  ice in the driveway. I was able to get  back up but learned a valuable lesson.
Everyone at school had the same color. I immediately laughed. It felt good to look the same.
Everyday he picked up his clothes and took the dirty dishes to the kitchen. He liked how it felt when his room was clean. He kept it that way.
His friends joked that he looked homeless. He received a job two weeks later. His new boss has a beard just like his.
Yesterday, he worked all day. We did not see him at all. The next time we saw him he seemed happy to have spent the day there.
Last minute, though, they got scared and skipped school. They went to school the next day, and were wrong about yesterday. The test was actually today, and they had to take it now.
He considered also buying her perfume. Micky smelled sample after sample. After smelling too many samples, Micky opted to give chocolates with the earrings.
They finally hired someone who asked if she wanted to swim in the pool. Emily excitedly said yes. The day ended up passing quickly thanks to the pool.
He was so hopeful the owners would get it back. But the owner never claimed it and said Lost and Found said the ring wasn't real gold anyway. Brad was so disappointed!
His friend decided to snap a picture of him. As his friend was about to take a picture, a wave hit his foot. Bob's friend was a second late, and missed his opportunity for a photo.
A friend of his told him he should start picking them up. He had recently cashed in his change for $48. Terry decided that finding money really did pay off.
Annoyed, her sister yelled at her. Glorianna cried. Feeling guilty, her sister cheered her up by retrieving the bell.
She was extremely nervous. When it was time to perform, she tried to hide and not be seen. Luckily, she hid very well and everyone forgot her.
She had handwritten a new one and made copies of it. After the meeting her boss told her she had too many errors. She felt so embarrassed by this.
However, 45 minutes later he had to leave his next class. His friend decided to look for him. He found peter, throwing up in the bathroom.
He was scared of the live lobsters he saw when he first walked into the restaurant. He didn't think it was cool that they had an aquarium there. He was not happy about seeing how they cooked the lobsters.
Finally he asked Kevin to introduce him to the girl so Kevin would be happy. Kevin looked at him with his mouth hanging open. How could Clark not know his own sister!
After shaking the three, there were only 50 apples left. He got a long stick and began to knock off the rest. When there were 350 bad apples on the ground he was finished.
Heidi started to drive her new car very fast. She started to see smoke coming out from the hood and decided to slow down. Heidi regretted buying a sports car.
The lights had some bells on it. Julie was adjusting the lights to make them prettier. Suddenly, one of the lights popped off.
So he slept in his car for ten hours. In the morning, he rose early and set out on his own. He was ready and eager to start exploring Bhutan!
He was watching the next lady on line, without her noticing it. When she was about to pay for her items, the man behind her stepped in. He smiled and said Merry Christmas, your gifts are on me.
Fortunately, he didn't burn the meal. Cameron didn't have to call Chinese take-out. He impressed his wife with his romantic dinner.
Lucy didn't realize she was invited. Because Lucy didn't think she was invited, she was furious. As a result, Lucy decided to end their friendship.
The dancers emerged out onto the floor looking confused. The music stopped, it was too dark. They moved with such care, they were surely trying not to trip.
Cal hit the sink  so he winced and groaned in pain. He rubbed his head where he'd hit it. Cal could feel a bump forming.
He went to a different store to get the RAM. They were sold out too! He eventually decided to buy some online.
Tina didn't bother inviting her parents and other family to attend. Tina performs very well in the concert. Her friends applaud her loudly.
Consequently, the artificial intelligence became quite caring. The artificial intelligence insisted on solving problems via love. Thus, the researchers had to expand the program.
When she started feeling the effects of stopping it, she had no choice but to tell her mom. Her mom was extremely upset with Gina. Gina was too old to stop taking medicine without talking to the doctor first.
He was doing well, even starting a poetry class on Monday and an art class on Tuesday. I was amazed at his energy, as I am 62 and not half as active. I told my friend he was an inspiration to others.
She was starting to feel as if her best friend was the only person who cared about her. Meanwhile, her friend was sad for she had not received an invitation. When the lost mail finally arrived, the misunderstanding was resolved!
She was almost late for their parents' 30th Anniversary party. She rushes to get ready. Her brother lets her add her name to the gift that he got them.
She kept breathing on her own. She healed, quickly and surely. In a few weeks she began driving her car once again!
Jerome and Marc got along well. However, she didn't care and she went home with her friend John. Marc and Jerome never got a chance to date Jessica.
As they arrived Lucy was afraid to leave go inside. The lady held her hand and walked her into the orphanage. Lucy waved goodbye to the lady and approached a social worker.
Lee was becoming impatient. He didn't feel ready to take his big test. Lee ended up failing his driving exam.
She was supposed to follow any suspicious people around the store. Kris got stuck in traffic on the way to work. Kris found out that someone had stolen a few items that morning.
It was 10 and Lucy hadn't eaten dinner with the family. May offered to buy Lucy popcorn. Lucy declined, determined to go to bed hungry.
He always lost his matches. Until his older brother wanted to try him out. Eric finally won that day.
Joe's mother was astonished. Joe decided to help his mother out more often. Joe washed every dish in the house.
She got her supplies together and set to work. When she was done, something still felt not quite right. Betty found a new air freshener for her lounge, and that did the trick.
When school started, Mary was confused what to do. Mary was crowned worst player of her school. She received much criticism for her failures.
I asked her why she left early, but no answer. I stayed by my phone all night. This girl slept with someone else and I never called her again.
There was a snowblower next to the shovel in the garage. His back hurt from shoveling. He decided to use the snowblower instead.
He said it was a lot of fun. He cheered and yelled and had a great time. I'm still not a fan though.
I convinced my workers to try them out. One worker loved them, but another almost threw up. I stopped buying them after seeing him get sick.
But recently, he learned about local food and culture. He wrote a great article about his travel in Brunei. His editors loved the article!
He used these two abilities to commit fraud at his company. He was found out and put in minimum-security prison after trial. He wrote beautifully penned letters to his friends from prison.
Tiffany had gone one year without using conditioner on her hair. She decide now she needed to use conditioner. Tiffany was so excited to see how her hair grew now.
She decided to ask her twin Ally to have a drink with her beforehand. She had a drink before waiting for her date to show. Her date drove off without coming to the door cause he thought she wasn't home.
A passenger asked the driver to make an annoucement about a lost wallet. Jake kept quiet. Jake bought lunch with the stolen money.
My cousin taught me how to ice skate and hockey stop. Through the falls and late night practice sessions I had never improved. I can skate and am actually better than my cousin, but he's much better at hockey.
Marisa was concerned about how she could pay for gifts this year. Suddenly, she saw a $100 bill on the seat. Marisa was able to buy gifts for her family.
She saw an ad about hair care and she decided to try it. When she did, her hair became extremely greasy. She realized that she had used too much.
He was so bummed. He knew he would've had an amazing time. Because Ryan loved the zoo!
We went over by the goats and lamb to pet them. All the sudden, a goat bit my grandma's skirt and pulled! We were both upset and still have that picture.
The mechanic said his old car needed a new transmission. Ben wasn't going to pay over $1100 for the repair. Afterwards, Ben is happy that his new car is running smoothly.
Kara explained to Randy that she wanted to think of Randy like a friend. This helped Randy's feelings and he continued to hang out with Kara. After a while he got over his ego and they became close again.
She was completely amazed and stopped to look at it. Finally, she continued on her way home. Later, she learned that there had been a blue moon that night.
They agreed to a truce and sat together to talk about the race. They became good friends, and then even more - they began dating! And on the day of the race, their favorite teammates won - in a tie!
She thought of a cheap and creative idea they could do together. They assembled lots of sandwiches and snacks and threw a picnic. Everyone had a great lunch and made many sweet farewell memories!
He went to the store to buy some electronics. At the store, Marty saw some shoes. Marty actually found a pair he liked and bought them.
I am not able to make learning hands on and fun. The students come into kindergarten with little reading skills. At the end of the year they can't all read!
I walked through the zoo alone and finally arrived at the giraffes. I climbed to the feeding platform and began feeding the giraffes. One them sneezed on me, leaving me drenched and embarrassed.
She noticed the unhappy looks on their faces. Bay realized that for all her spices, she forgot something important. She hadn't added any salt or pepper to her bland meal but her family told her all the spice in the world couldn't it.
I was confident during tip-off. I led my team in scoring the entire game. I was able to dunk the ball with 3 seconds left to secure a win.
He spent a few hours creating a voice and attitude for the monkey. Hours later, he tried to decide a on a voice, but had no luck. Eric decided he would use his own voice for Clyde the Monkey,
When he got back to the office he felt energized. Sal wanted to talk to everyone to show his energy. He kept his office doors open the rest of the day.
One day he was at the zoo. He was told the pigs were mating. Arnold puked.
She went into her class after school. There, she found the right book. Luckily, she was able to finish her homework.
He never got to sleep that night because the plane was so delayed and because he has trouble sleeping on flights. When his family got to the hotel, everything was so cozy. Sam got the best sleep he'd ever had.
When he reached the bottom his friends said they wanted to walk too. His friend began to copy Ben but tripped off halfway down the hill. He hurt his face badly and Ben and his friends called an ambulance.
Tom was so upset he bought a wrong game. In his anger he threw, and broke his game controller. Tom could never play his new game.
Eating it plain was gross! But he began mixing it into his salads. That was yummy and very palatable!
Jake decided to make a change and start recycling. He signed up to have his recycling picked up weekly. He taught his friends that had been at the BBQ to throw bottles in the right bin, too.
A servant appeared moments later. The servant offered the rich man a cup of tea. The rich man took it and went to his balcony.
However, the audience kept cheering for me to come back. I awoke from the cheers and went back on stage and I ended up singing with a magnificent tone. My audience continued to give me a round of applause.
She decided to take them into the kitchen to bake cookies. She had bought some ingredients with her just in case. They had a blast baking cookies.
Her mother asked how she was. She answered her and introduced her to her friends. Her mother was busy, so the two went their separate ways.
She was very particular about what she wanted for their table. Some of the girls argued because they wanted other things. Luckily, Nia was able to find something that they all agreed on.
Janet listened to the music James gave him. Janet liked the music James gave him. James gave Janet more albums to listen to in the future.
He thought therapy wouldn't help and would rather spend time playing baseball. Soon enough, he was the fastest player on the team, but he made sure never to talk. Being involved in the game distracted him from remembering about his speech impediment.
She could not seem to figure out why she was suddenly having problems with her triple. She practiced and practiced. Finally, when she was alone, she got her triple turn.
Marty said he would do it but changed his mind. So I had to clean it instead. He'll just clean it when it's his turn.
I barely had to water it and caring for the plant was easy. The cactus grew a little. I am very happy with my cactus.
At first Ric felt silly drinking it. Then he saw that everyone else had one too! Ric drank his coconute drink with pride after that.
In addition, he pushed one of the boys into an electrical pole. Since the kid had been bruised, Jeff didn't pursue him further. His enemies ran home crying.
Nanny did not hear Libby and kept walking. Libby suddenly realized she was alone. Libby cried until a store worker helped her find her nanny.
One day, he had to bag for five hours. He got very tired and broke several items. He was fired for incompetence.
They heard a sound coming from a bush. They looked over toward the bush. They sighed in relief as it was just a bunny passing through the bush.
The highlight was a huge dragon beside one of the trees. When it got dark, Billy discovered there were green lights in the dragon. He thought it was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen.
They never considered leaving. Luckily they continued getting service right away. Alicia wanted to go back again.
She narrowed her choice down to that brand, and one that was a fair bit cheaper. She couldn't decide which to purchase. 15 minutes later, she returned to the milk aisle and grabbed her favorite brand.
Today we forced him to play outside, despite the rain. We danced in puddles and got muddy, and he decided playing outside was fun. Then we took off our shoes and went back inside.
But I was woken up when I found out that the tree's branches weren't as strong as they appeared. One branch broke off and hit me on the head. Now I have a terrible headache.
He got very good marks. He turned in his seargent application. He was rejected.
A mile past the gas station the car started spluttering. He barely made another block before the car stopped. Dave was very late for work that day.
She smiled and she ran towards him. He knelt to catch her as she leapt into the air. Mac Johnson loved his new girlfriend and she loved him.
I rearranged all the food on my pantry. I found a lot of dust while doing this. I cleaned out the dust and made room for the new stuff.
But as he was walking away, an old man opened the door and greeted Sam. Sam took out his flyers and began to sell to the man. The old man waved Sam off and told him to go.
When she looked for her mother, she couldn't find her. Her mother was late to pick her up. Thankfully she finally showed up though.
One day Tom forgot and didn't see his turtle. He searched everywhere for him. Tom never saw his turtle again.
She loved it so much, she had to try again. Marianne bought a new plant every week. Soon, Marianne had killed more plants than she could believe!
The baby was behind him in the car. The baby started screaming. Tom nearly passed out.
He bought an electric log splitter the next day. Thomas has been chopping so much wood that he can sell some. The splitter has already paid for itself.
It seemed like it was getting late. She looked through the window. A big snowy owl was perched on the sill.
They decided to keep on his electricity because he could pay. However, Bob realized he needed to find a better way to pay his bills. He took a second job and payed back the electricity bill!
The machine sat in her room and all she did was use it twice a day. Every day she would look at it and think that she enjoyed the exercise. Soon she was in great shape, so she sold it.
He couldn't light up and feel relieved. Almost a minute later, he noticed that he had looked in the wrong place! He felt like an idiot and decided he could smoke before morning.
The album wasn't out yet, she had just gotten the song from someone who worked at the label. Gina put her speaker in the window of her bedroom. She sat on the porch while the music played out the window.
Eric saw a large boa constrictor on a TV program in school. Eric screamed in terror! His teacher had to take him outside to calm him down.
Her friend could not believe her grade. Anne only ever heard the teacher criticize her own work. Ann realized she had a lot to learn about writing.
Sue and her brother were supposed to go. Her brother got sick, so Sue went alone. Sue was sad to have to mourn her mom.
It caused a big fire because he actually hadn't turned it completely off. He tried to handle it but it got out of control. He lost everything he ever owned except for his car.
They were upset she unfriended them. The posts stopped littering her Facebook wall. Clare was happy with her decision.
When we met in the airport, I was terrified. However, things turned out great. I flew back home to visit with renewed hope for our relationship.
It wasn't working so she put her finger down her throat. She began to gag, but nothing came up. After 3 attempts she decided to try something else.
He considered buying it from a cheaper retailer online. Before he did, he saw a banner that said Amazon would price match. Sam bought it on Amazon instead.
Then a friend suggested she try yoga. The stretches and poses soon had Rose graceful and strong. The yoga helped her excel in her ballet classes!
Everyone used to get an Easter basket full of candy and little toys. I used to bring my children to my grandmother's house every year. Now the tradition of Easter celebration lives on through my generation.
Out of the blue, he encounter a random kitty in the street. Garen thought the kitty would make a good  friend his puppy. Garen grabbed him and now his puppy has a friend and no longer sad!
When he logged into his account he saw he had 20 free pizzas due. Ralph threw a party and got all 20 pizzas free. The next day, Ralph ate at Dominos again.
Samantha slammed on the brakes, but it was too late. Her car was totaled and the bear was dead. Samantha was traumatized, and called 911.
She decided to open up a savings account. Every month she took 5 dollars out of her check. In 2 months she could pay for her vacation!
But her hair always got everywhere. One day I found one of her hairs in my soup. It was very short and got down my throat.
One day a man walked up to her. He gave her a big hug. It didn't help, since she was being dramatic.
I decided to go to the doctor. I was told it was a cold and given medicine to take home. I felt better the next day!
My coworker came in and looked through the files with me. We realized that we need a new system for doing files. We decided to leave those alone and invent a new system.
Then, she brought them to her husband. He took a bite and realized that the eggs weren't done. Maggie checked and realized that she had messed up the timer.
She arrived early to assure her spot on the plane. As they took off she planned wher she would go this time around. She arrived with no issues and set off to enjoy her vacation.
She had to have an interview with the manager. But he was running late. After 20 minutes of waiting the manager was finally ready.
We rescheduled it, and once the party started only 10 people were there. I called one friend who informed me everyone else was another party. I was extremely hurt.
Bill pointed to a sign that said that littering was prohibited. Molly picked the bread up and return it to hes pocket. They enjoyed walking around the lake a few times before going home.
I was always hungry but didn't worry about it. I told my grandmother that wasn't important. The important part was just spending time with her.
Thomas wanted it chopped down because he was afraid that a branch would break and damage his roof. His neighbors took axes from their garage and chopped down the tree. Now Thomas would not have to worry about the tree falling on his roof.
Francis was outside with nowhere to go. To avoid the sun, he had to hide under the roof of a building. He was stuck under the roof until the sun went down.
He took out the hound dog one night to track down a raccoon. The hound dog started chasing it's own tail instead. Todd walked back to the truck despondently.
She was about to face the laughter of her classmates if she won. They would chant her name for the rest of the day. Xiao didn't like chips but she especially hated cheetos!
The opened the laundry room door, propping the can on the door's top. As the floor manager entered the laundry room, they nudged the door. The entire thirty gallons poured down on the manager in a stringy flood!
Her family finally forced her into rehab. Afterwards, she attended counseling sessions. Her kids were very proud of her.
Dora watched him practice, always messing up a play here and there. During the big game, Dora waited for her son to play. Dora forgot about the messed up plays when she heard the applause.
After a little while she saw a boy and fell in love. She filled out the paperwork and took the boy home. After getting home she realized she would no longer be alone.
He went to get a fresh haircut. He put on his suite and felt great. He was able to ace his job interview with his fresh look.
After that Stan noticed that the bulb burned out. He tried to replace it. But he wound up returning it instead.
People advised him not to appear in his own video. At a car show, Irving was very popular and attractive to girls. Because he modeled in his own video, he couldn't promote it.
She didn't notice that she had dropped her purse in the collision.. Later, the woman called the police reporting her purse stolen. They told her about the man turning it in and she retrieved it.
His neighbor Mister Green was staring at him while having sex with another woman. Martin called Mister Green's wife and told her he was cheating and that he was really weird. Martin smiled because he loved to put an end to creeps.
He hadn't been able to catch up on the news. He was trying to read when a car crashed into him. He was decapitated instantly.
Then one day she saw something in her garden. A tulip bulb was beginning to bloom. Sarah realized that spring had its charms as well!
As they lifted it, he felt something pull in his back. Jack had to go to massage therapy that afternoon. He arrived home much later than normal.
His house was very bright because of it. He had trees planted in front of the window. Now, Jesse didn't have so much light shining through his windows.
He likes to lay in the grass when his owners are away. He stays warm by laying next to the windows. The windows let in sunlight and warm Sammy's body.
With determination and discipline she practiced postures every day. Fran is very skilled and she has her own yoga studio. She enjoys teaching others how to be more flexible too.
Dad picked him up and put him in the bath. Dad tucked Alex in and gave him some milk. Alex apologized for making such a big mess.
Only because her baby was too shy to stay in the day-care. So Mackenzie offered to give a good reference. She got paid really well for the lead.
Then, Marcus decides he needs to buy a pair of work boots. He buys a comfortable but sturdy pair of tall brown boots. Now Marcus has great footwear for his new ranch job.
She realized she needed to use the restroom. The fact she had to wait made it feel more urgent. Amy was so distracted she missed the other rides.
They would have paid a good amount of money for the tickets. They would have gotten VIP treatment because of the price. They would have gotten to meet Taylor Swift and shaken her hand.
People said he should hire a speech therapist. He fought hard to defend his stuttering. After many years, he decided he was too old to get help anyway.
Someone had checked it out when he got there, but he found out he could get it on streaming if he upgraded his cable. He called the company see about upgrading. Luckily, they were able to immediately upgrade him.
The cat died from his injuries. The next morning, Tim found out what he had done. He felt wracked with guilt over his actions.
Emily wondered why anyone would want to be a parent. She missed having time alone and being able to go out whenever she wanted. She found out that people love their children and that makes it worth it.
He thought he could do better, though, so went back into the bathroom and practiced more. A shopper walked in on this and was confused. The awkward situation caused the mall Santa to laugh even more.
As she was about to make an offer on another bottle, another woman inquired about it too. Carly began a bidding war over a bottle that was originally 50 cents. In the end she won with the highest bid of 172 cents.
His family told him to avoid Henry However, he refused to do that. Instead, he prepared lunch for Henry and took him to school.
My car was fairly empty and she had a place to sit. I offered her my passenger seat. She took it and thanked me kindly.
When they got to the building's wall, Jerome felt nervous. Once they began breaking in, Jerome took off and ran. His friends began to call him names, but Jerome felt better.
I was happy that we would continue to be busy. The researcher was constantly launching more work. I was thankful to continue working for him.
I was able to get paid to assist people with auto emergencies. Most of my dispatched calls were flat tires. I only quit Roadside Assistance because I decided to go back to school.
She went out and bought the game is said he had wanted. She wrapped it and on his birthday she went to his house. When she gave him the gift, he acted surprised, and thanked her.
She quickly put on her makeup and did her hair. She quickly thew on her dress. Sara arrived to the dance a tad late, but ended up having fun anyway.
Then she had a great idea. She knitted Charlie a scarf by hand from some old yarn. Charlie loved his warm new Halloween scarf!
He use to dream of making big plays, and he wanted to make those dreams reality, so he finally started training and got a lot better. An injury at practice left an opening spot. Doug is now starting on varsity.
Sam found his cousin and gave him the gift. His cousin liked the shoes. He put them on that day.
She was nervous, but she went to the party and made a bunch of new friends. On her way home from the party, one of the boys tried to kiss her! Ella laughed him off, but secretly she was flattered!
Her teacher had asked her if she was sure that she wanted to do it. Rachel thought about it. She was sure of it and decided to go through with it.
There was an Outback restaurant near her house. She had never worked in food service. But she was interested, so she accepted.
The coat wasn't enough, I was still cold. I got up and put on some slippers. I felt much more warm.
She did a little snooping, and found out her husband was saving for a vacation for the two of them. They had a very long talk about his big plan for them. They went on the vacation very happy.
When Tanya gave her gift to Sally, she was beyond excited. It was a set of Spanish Language books. Sally immediately began studying.
A lot of time passed. Tim wasn't angry. He forgave Bill years ago and he felt happy about it.
The kid ran to get the ball. His dad came out and threw the ball to him. The kid is glad his dad was home.
He wanted to go snorkeling with his marine bio class. He told his professor his predicament. His professor agreed to give him private swim lessons before the trip.
She was sad she wasn't trying the wines of the region. Amy begged the winery to try 2 bottles. She didn't have a great time on her Napa Valley vacation.
Something hit my face and I looked to see what it was. It only took me a few seconds to jump up and run. It was a huge cockroach!
I realized the alarm clock wasn't working due to a power failure. I was buttoning my shirt as I ran out the door. I could see the bus but it was too far away just as I arrived.
He got 4 tickets to see a Shakespeare play and invited some family His nephew, his brother, his niece, and his sister all came along They watched the play till the end, they had a great time.
Mary let the children drink as much water as they wanted. Mary checked on the sleeping children. Boys boys had peed their beds.
He went to the dentist. Even though he has no teeth, the dentist said it was bad for his gums. Jackson stops drinking so much soda.
I realized my fears were frivolous. The dentist simply checked my teeth and cleaned them. After that appointment I made sure to schedule visits regularly.
I collected all the individual bins. I didn't have time to sort out the items that can be recycled. I just barely got the trash to the curb in time!
The internet continues to protest her views despite the fact that her business doesn't monetarily support them. Her company in fact sees more business than the protest nullifies. Cathy plans to publicize more controversial opinions in the future.
She walked around town that night. She couldn't find anything interesting to do. She ended up going home.
Janice was told to use a specific type of cleaner. Otherwise, the stain would not come out. Janice had to throw out her previous carpet cleaners.
She signed him up at a local daycare. Donald was happy to start daycare. He got on the bus to head to his first day of daycare.
It tasted gross but he tried it anyway. Unfortunately, the medicine did nothing to help him. He had to buy some new stuff at the store.
She only wanted french fries and salad to eat with the chicken. But she knew it was expensive. She decided to order the fries and salad but felt guilty.
But his girlfriend, Melinda, still wanted him. She came to visit him and they kissed. Charles felt better as their tongues twirled.
He beat the dough like a drum set! He spun and tossed the dough in the air and it created a cool wind sound. He added a lot of sugar so it was going to be the sweetest cookies he ever had!
It was a hot day, and the chocolate chips in the cookies melted. I got chocolate all over my clothes. Thankfully, the chocolate washed out.
They could go by plane or boat. Mom was afraid of heights. They decided to take a boat to the resort.
She finally decided to end it. He became too serious. She introduced him to her therapist to get help.
She ordered a mug of root beer float, her favorite drink. The root beer float came in a frosty mug, ice cold. Clara thoroughly enjoyed drinking the root beer float.
They arrived at his school and he was surprised at how happy he was. They walked to his class and met his teacher. He ran in the room and told his parents to leave.
Unfortunately, he spills much of the cold water. He gets a mop and starts to feel better. Now Warren wishes he had just ordered pizza for dinner.
He had some reading to finish over the weekend. On Monday, the teacher surprised the class with a pop quiz! George was prepared and passed as usual.
Suddenly, a cat ran across their path and caused them all to run. I was dragged for almost a block before they were stopped. Now I keep them all on separate leashes!
The teacher said she would read the stories when the parents visited. Nell felt horrified she had stolen her dad's story. But when her dad heard Nell's version, she beamed with pride.
I tried to find the ant spray and I searched around under the sink. The ants became too much and I was forced to wait for the exterminator. The exterminator made it out to me and took care of the infestation.
Since no one was buying a single glove, she decided to just buy some, but there were no gloves. Kay stopped an employee and asked where they were located. Kay was stunned to find they stopped selling them until next winter.
Fred suggested that they tell ghost stories. Fred started by telling a story first to his friends. His friends were so scared that they all went to sleep in one tent.
They talked for hours. He decided to stay for the next day after they had talked. Josh felt happy having someone to talk to!
One day she gave space another chance and went to a planetarium. She was again dumbfounded by the reality of it all. She knew she wanted space to be a part of her future career.
Her favorite, though, were the penguins. She went to see them, and the exhibit was open that day. She was very happy she didn't miss them.
One day he left it at school. Jay did think he would sleep. However, his mother bought him a new stuffed animal.
He chewed some things, including my shoes. I should have kept him in my arms, or kept him in a crate. This would have ensured that he and my stuff were safe.
On Friday night, Billy cooked something his wife didn't like. She told him she hated it. He knew she didn't like it.
But a week later, Remy became sick. Tom advised Remy that burnt toast probably isn't healthy. But Remy decided to keep her ways.
So, he decided to practice. After several months, he can make 99 out of 100 free throws! Although he's still tall, he's now very good at free throws.
They put it in an old brown pizza box, and pretended it was from Dominos. They burped and ate all the pizza. That night, they were the coolest ten year olds ever.
She told her friend to order a bunch of food. Gina payed for the order and sat down to eat with her friend. Gina told her friend that ordering online was a brilliant idea.
She popped it in the toaster. Tina burnt the toast, just like she likes it. Tina thought she was a good cook.
After school, her mother picked her up and brought her back home. When she walked inside, she started to cry and told her mother how much her friends had hurt her. Amanda realized that she needed to find better friends, and her mom agreed.
They baked it from a box mix. Then they decorated it themselves. Ben was pleased with his birthday cake.
She went to buy some and put some foundation on. She accidentally swiped her eye makeup. It smeared across her face.
He found several good deals. He went back to the dealership that had the best deals. He purchased the car he liked most.
Christian chose to hide the fact he went to detention. Christian did not know his parents already knew. They asked him about it and he lied, which caused him to get grounded.
The company Jess was in asked her where Malaysia was. Jess could only guess what continent it might be in. Jess guessed wrong and felt foolish in front of the group.
We looked up and pointed to the sky. We saw two bats flying around. We went inside.
He learned a lot about American baseball. He also snapped lots of photos. Neil couldn't wait to relive his memories of Philadelphia!
He got his sweatshirt ripped. He tried to sew the shirt. He did his best to fix it up.
He didn't listen and knocked a teapot to the floor and it broke. Dan blamed it on his two year old brother. He was relieved that he wouldn't get in trouble.
Reese applied to be a local school teacher. She was hired on the spot. Reese now teaches kids and is happy.
But I enrolled in a culinary college anyway. I went to class every day and studied hard. Then I moved to France to continue my education to become a chef.
She went to a new place and ordered fries. But when she got her order it was a small onion ring. She doesn't go back to that place anymore.
When he discovered the dog's tags, he did the right thing and called the owner. The owner was so happy, she cried and cired. then she promised to give Leo one of the daschund puppies.
She had shoveled scoop after scoop. Kara looked back and made a plaintive gasp of relief. The snow was done coming down, and it was already melting.
We went outside and set up our equipment. We played for an hour and it went well. Afterwards, we were invited to come back.
He tried yet again, and he worked night and day, and rarely slept. Finally, he showed his friends his game. It worked perfectly!
As she walked, Sarah noticed a dog park filled with other dogs. She returned home and let max come to the play area. Max played with several of the other dogs and had fun.
Becky watched many funny videos alone. Becky laughed and enjoyed those positive experiences. Tim eventually got married.
At 8 o'clock, it still hadn't brewed. It's broken. I have to buy a new one.
I knew how dangerous the city was. A friend of mine was robbed in downtown Mexico City. I decided not to go to the city to protect myself.
I saw a coffee delivery service online and looked at a lot of different drinks. I finally decided on a White Mocha. Once it was delivered, it was delicious!
When he went to pour on some granola nothing came out. He looked into the bag to see the problem. It was so old that a big chunk had formed at the bottom.
She bought a digital copy and put it on her computer. She got some snacks and a drink. Then, she got to see the movie.
His flight was cancelled due to bad weather. Pete was upset and asked an employees if anything can be done. The employees gave Pete free flights for a year for his troubles.
Then his mom offered him $5 to try one. Ed accepted the offer. He made $5 and found that he liked carrots after all!
He only ever used the yacht for two events. The first was its inaugural journey. The second was its farewell before Barney sold it.
The door closed behind him and she asked him how she would get in the building. She was afraid he didn't hear her when he didn't answer immediately. Finally he answered and told her she was at the wrong door.
To my surprise, I discovered I was pregnant with twin boys! A C-section was automatically covered because I was having twins. I would recommend this method of delivery to everyone!
Her parents shipper her cat to her new home. Patricia started sneezing wildly while petting him. She was sad to realize that she was now allergic to cats.
As John went to work he saw dark clouds developing but kept driving, since he heard it would be sunny. The forecaster was wrong since John drove into a thunderstorm as he drove and had to pull over. John turned around and went home, having narrowly escaped the storm.
The dog actor was required to eat a lot of food during filming. The dog ferociously ate the dog food until it was over stuffed. Soon after, the dog vomited everywhere.
She heard a ripping sound as she fell. Thankfully, it had not come from her pants, but the pants of another nearby girl. She lent the girl her sweater to cover her exposed buttocks!
His only wish is for his girlfriend to call. Instead another wasted day spent daydreaming. Until the clock strikes five and it's time to go home.
He collected all the unneeded wires and put them in the trash. The trash can was very full so he had to tie the lid down. The man dragged the can to the curb for collection.
Thus, I lost my concentration and my finger slipped and touched the saw. My finger was cut even though the saw was off. I was mad about the cut and bandaged it up.
He put all her clothes in one load. He still ruined some of her items. Sam's girlfriend was upset.
Sid went to the kitchen for a snack before his nap. He sat down to watch the news while he ate. When he noticed the clock, he was shocked that an hour had passed.
I am disabled and cannot walk far. My wife walked down to the street and took several photos. I printed and framed one to hang near my desk.
The man stole the garage sale flyers of his rival. He tossed all of the stolen flyers in a dumpster. That weekend he had a lot of people stop by his house.
A Mormon asked why I wanted the book. I told her I study religions as a hobby. She said they would out and they would send me a book in the mail.
She later changed her mind, and when she was eating a bite of her food, she chipped her tooth and began crying. Upon hearing this, her manager came over and asked what was wrong. Lisa wouldn't stop sobbing, so the manager sent her home for the day.
One day Rob was with Lila in the hallway. Michael coincidentally was passing by so he saw them together. Michael and Rob got into a fight.
I then instructed my son to read a menu I scribbled up and select a food option. I pretended to be a waiter and told my son to tell me his selection. My son now understands how to order food at a restaurant.
All of a sudden, a 5.0 earthquake started shaking the area. It was over as soon as it started, but I was still scared. Luckily, there were no aftershocks.
However, he broke a neighbor's window when he threw the ball. The neighbor got out of the house and scolded the two. They ended up receiving bad words.
It was flying all over the outside of out house, I think it was lost. My husband shut all the windows and doors. It finally flew off into the night.
She stumbled out of her room towards the bathroom. The stunned people in the hallway quickly got out of her way. Gina ran to the toilet and took a poop.
The little boy tried, but he couldn't avoid the tree and it crashed. The boy went in the house and sadly watched his plane from the window. To the boys delight a big wind came along, blowing the plane down.
So she began to roll mud into balls. Soon she had a big mud snowman. Ann had the coolest snowman on the block.
She randomly confessed to me that she's a transgender. I told her that I think of her the same way. She ended up giving me a hug.
The friend took his measurements. He fitted the suit coat to the groom's shoulders The groom loved his new custom made tuxedo.
He did special stretching exercises instead. On his tenth birthday he was measured again. He was ecstatic to see he had grown half a foot!
Even at the late hour, the park was almost full. The skater girls had to wait their turns to be able to use the ramps. The girls stayed at the park for only about an hour before going home.
Deciding it best, she tried to make her way out the door. As Ashley stood up and leapt to the door, beer in hand, she fell. Ashley hit the floor hard and the bottle knocked out her front teeth.
They wanted their son to live life on the road. He only made it a single day, though. He was not used to driving a vehicle that large, he totaled it parking.
He fashioned a make-shit pole from an oar and waited. A fish grabbed his bait and pulled the oar down with it. He gave up on fishing and slowly paddled home.
When the big day arrives, David feels sick. He cannot go to the spelling bee. Sitting at home, Davis was glad he didn't study for nothing.
He thought she should get something a lot smaller. He told her it needed to be fuel-efficient. Katie finally picked a sedan, striking a compromise between the two.
So, we went across town to his house. His dad and I clicked immediately upon meeting. He cooked for us and told me old stories all night.
He would not need to blow his nose. He would keep tissues ready. The sniffles were gone, and he never saw a doctor.
He took bad care of every single plant. Now that he is no longer here, I take care of his plants. I am a much better gardener than him.
She liked to eat bugs from the webs that she supn. She injected them with venomous fangs. She was a very good spider till she was squished.
He didn't buy all the ingredients to make meatballs. I would have begun to make the meatballs and taken my time. The meatballs would have been done by dinner time.
It was his wife's favorite. He would've had to order a new one online. He's glad he doesn't have to replace it.
While she was in the kitchen something smelled bad. She returned to light the candle back up. It took her several days to remove the bad smell.
Elizabeth was getting bored sitting in class. Then she remembered she could do art. Elizabeth made a box for her earrings and had fun.
Nancy became aggravated and grabbed all the pillows. She launched them towards Jeff. He fell on the floor laughing.
He went into her room and stole something. When Tina got back she was furious. Alex ended up being grounded.
Normally Chris talks when he communicates with them. However over the summer Chris took an online course on Braille. Now when he communicates with his coworkers faster and perfectly!
She got in her car and looked in the mirror. It looked terrible so she drove to a stylist to fix it. When she was done Kelly looked great.
She was dieting and the shirt would fit her pretty well soon. She continued eating well and exercising. In a month the shirt fit her perfectly.
But he was a benchwarmer on Varsity. He practiced hard and attended all of the games. When the starting forward was hurt, Charles was the starter.
It was too late to do his laundry now. Sam quickly went through his dad's closet. He looked very classy with his new attire at work.
Becky thought she would be made fun of for being a girl who enjoys playing football. She didn't keep playing because of what the other kids might say. Becky is sad that she didn't continue doing what made her happy.
Tom took the ferrets home. The ferrets used the bathroom all over the house. Tom returned the ferrets to his friend.
For the rest of the day he concentrated on getting it done. The next day his boss asked if he filed the paperwork yet. The man nodded and told him it was taken care of.
When it was finally there it rained for hours. When it was over we drove back home. Just as we had hoped, everything was still okay.
Since he couldn't land, he had to just keep going. He made it through the fog and saw clear skies. He saw he was at the airport and landed.
Later that day Kyle told his father that he never wanted to join the circus. His father explained that he was simply afraid cause he was young. Kyle was surprised the next day when his father gave him a circus costume.
Then we invited all our other friends over to hunt the eggs. Everyone found many eggs, but one found more than everyone else. That friend was the happiest of all.
One day he was sitting down on the grass. He felt a stinging sensation and realized he was getting bit for the first time. He ended up at the hospital because of red ant bites.
Lydia wanted to be able to bottle feed anywhere while doing anything. Lydia learned to babywear and bottle feed at the same time. She was then able to feed her baby hands free in any location.
Her books were very beautiful. Now, she sells her books. She is making a living doing what she loves to do.
He checks out new channels every day. One day, he commented on a video and got a message from a youtuber encouraging him to join. Soon after, he set up his own channel.
The source of the smell appeared to come from the toilet. He opened the toilet lid and saw that there was poop he forgot to flush. After he flushed the toilet, his house began to smell fine.
After he graduated he got a less than well paying job. This job made Jordan with he did better in school. Jordan now encourages others to do well in school.
She and the lion both froze. Finally, the lion moved on. Teresa never went hiking alone again.
The family noticed it had been more than an hour since they placed the order. They called the pizza store and the store apologized. They received a full refund and a new pizza was delivered to them quickly.
Her parents visisted with piles of baby clothes from other grandkids. Her mother-in-law brought sacks of baby clothes she'd been saving. June donated a big box of baby clothes to the Salvation Army.
The man told the customers to lay down, then demanded money. Joe was very confused by this turn of events. Soon the tired man gave up and Joe looked out, staring with disbelief.
She made sure she had enough money on hand. When she got to the store, she found it busier than usual. It took twice as long to get everything she wanted.
She thought nobody wanted to hire her though. She decides to go get her masters on the side. She goes back to college.
Unfortunately, the price didn't fit my budget. I decided to search around. Luckily, I was able to find some I could afford.
We returned the hamster, cage, and exercise wheel. She did not like the hamster because he bit her. The hamster was bought by another customer and had a happy life.
Halfway through the semester, her bus broke down on the way to school. It became clear that she would have no other way to get to class. Luckily, this was the only time this happened, and she had no other issues commuting to her classes.
The faith healer gave her tips and prescribed her meditation. That night as she settled down for bed she did as she was instructed. She had the best sleep she had in a long time.
Suddenly, she dropped the phone, cracking the screen. To top it all off, her tea splashed on it as well. The phone was completely destroyed.
I bought an electric lamp. One day my son heard a popping sound. We opened the door to find an electrocuted bird.
She never went into the water because she got scared. She was afraid she would drown. Luckily the lifeguard was understanding.
She was having a hard time remembering to take her vitamins though. Her husband offered to help her keep on top of them. With his help, she kept on track and stayed healthy.
He finally found the car he wants. He goes down to the car lot, and negotiates the price. After the negotiations, Eddy drives off with his new car.
They told him ge goes out to the bars to often. Also, he drinks to much while at home. When Lori confronts him he gets very angry and defensive.
She compared her choices. But she bought one with a slow processor to save money. Bella later regret not spending more money.
She had to get a cast. One day is rained and left puddles on the sidewalk. Sally was sad that she couldn't jump in it.
Our daughter put on summer clothes onto the child. She took the child out to enjoy the sun. Our granddaughter cried after awhile because she was hot, and went back in.
He offered to perform odd jobs for the whole town. The people were excited because they had needed a handyman. Before the deal was concluded the man was killed.
Now he's even more jovial. He says he's so happy being in love. We all think that finding love was really good for Tom.
He only needed a quarter, and he was so thirsty. He decided to look in his pockets, and he found one! Dave had found a quarter and was able to buy a drink.
She offered to combine their collections. Danny was ecstatic about the idea and said yes. Together they made a priceless collection from the ones containing fossils.
Graham decided to return home and start dinner. His friend messaged him and ended up bringing her dog over to play. Graham and the woman eventually started dating.
Cindy crashed the party, and dumped red wine on the carpet. The red wine stained the white carpets. Cindy covered up the spill with a chair.
I decided that I would climb it. I spent a long time climbing each brick. I made it to the top but started getting scared, so I stopped.
He lines up a date online and meets up with a girl at a coffeeshop. She introduces herself and they begin talking for hours. Marcus hopes that he might have finally met someone to love.
Chocolate ice cream was her absolute favorite. One day the shop was out of new flavors and she had to try vanilla. Chocolate remained her favorite flavor.
The gunman had gotten past the door and the lack of metal detectors. It shouldn't have happened, but it did. Adam prayed with them and did his best to give comfort.
While disposing of the IED I walked into another one. Thankfully, I lived. But, I lost my legs.
After the training was done they ate breakfast. Fox and his father returned to check the rabbits. The rabbits was quietly eating carrots.
She needed to find a way to express how this made her feel. She continued to wear bright clothing. Olga loves her bright outfits.
The boss asked her boyfriend to sign a contract. He reads it and sign it. She is happy that he is finally signed.
One day, his computer stopped working. He took it to a technician, who said it had a virus. Tom suddenly realized he hadn't been careful enough downloading files.
Ed couldn't wait to see Frank buy the ice cream. But Frank was a fierce competitor, easily beating Ed. He laughed as Ed walked into his house carrying a gallon of ice cream.
At first she was getting a lot of work. However, more people started doing it. This caused the overtime for Kara to decrease.
One day, he was being careful and walked past the tree. He didn't hit his head hard and didn't wake up thinking he really was a monkey. Now Luke is not called Chimples and does not only eat bananas.
By the time she got a new ticket it was too late to see the opening. Mary was able to catch the next show. She thought it was everything it was hyped to be.
HIs movie was very popular with his class. For a while he was treated as if he was a movie star by the other students. Pat loved the fame and began to make another movie.
He gave items to Goodwill, but wasn't certain how to claim the items. He researched his question online, at several tax sites. He found the answer and then requested copies of his lost documents.
We sat down with popcorn in front of the big screen. The sound was too loud. The whole experience was a waste of time.
Eventually Tim slept too much. His date started feeling uncomfortable. Tim messed up his chance at a second date.
He was going to pick her up for dinner but Lisa was nervous. Finally when he got her, Lisa's nerves calmed down. To her surprise, the two had a lot of fun.
They skipped breakfast and went into the kitchen to start baking. They made cookies and cake. Martha and her mother enjoyed their Sunday baking.
When the friend opened the gift, she looked curiously at Jenny. She told Jenny it was the same punch set she gave her Years ago. Jenny laughed and said best friends share the same taste.
He bought muscle building supplements and worked out. Tim went to a bodybuilding competition. He got the third place prize.
I was energized. All I wanted to do was get to my destination. Thankfully I got there that day.
Keith enrolled in culinary school. After school Keith worked at a famous restaurant. Keith worked his way up to being head chef.
To prepare, she looked at local restaurant menus all week. She had fun picking items that she would enjoy. At the end of the trip, she was happy with the variety of her take out meals.
The lady bugs spread out over her garden. They ate all of the aphids that were damaging her roses. After debugging, Kelly is now enjoying beautiful roses.
Lola's aunt told her that she had to come. However, Lola and her husband had a fight before the trip. Lola felt very bad that she couldn't realize her plans.
One night, Matt decided he was going to show Sally his toy collections. Sally was unimpressed by Matt that night. Sally then broke up with Matt because he was lame.
She went to the market and bought some medicine. But the cashier didn't even ask for an ID. Pam felt a little disappointed.
Tami and Gina decided to split up and cut him off. He had nowhere to run. Tami tackled the boy and Gina took the compliment from him.
She taught herself how to bake using books and the internet. Eventually June opened up her own bakery. June found her true calling as a baker.
She knew if she didn't, she would get ants in her room. She saw one crawling around scouting one day. Allison cleaned her room and sprayed it to make sure they stayed away.
George was trying to get away from Ryan because he was tired. Ryan wouldn't leave George alone so George attacked Ryan. Ryan learned not to annoy cats anymore.
She knew there was a problem when she saw it in the box. Everything was pushed to the side and all over the box. She ate it anyways, but it was not very appetizing.
The vet was not sure why he was still losing weight, and did a blood test. When the results came back, we found out Max had kidney failure. We put him on a different special diet and he is back to a normal weight.
The hamster bit his thumb, hard! Ron was surprised, and accidentally knocked the hamster cage over. The hamster died later that day.
Raymond couldn't believe how stupid it was to be closed this early, and flipped out. Raymond started throwing things in the street. A witness called the cops, and Raymond went to jail.
We were frightened of the fast moving river. Daryl was trying to be careful. He lost his footing on a slick rock, and drowned.
When Bill started to work on it, he noticed the battery was defective. As a result, the phone didn't turn on. Since it was an easy fix, Jack was happy to pay for the new battery.
Suddenly, Terry saw a very large bird flying right at nis dog. Terry stood up and then picked up and threw a rock at the bird right as it swooped down. The bird died on impact, and Terry's dog began to happily chew on it.
When her mother came home Allison was there. Allison asked her mother what was going on. Her mom wished her happy birthday.
When they decided to take a break, Bob realized he forgot his. Jim and Bob were forced to turn around after hours of hiking. Jim was bummed out and frustrated.
Carlos meets a nice girl there and they exchange phone numbers. The next week they go out for a cup of coffee. Carlos hopes he has finally met someone he can love.
While setting out ingredients, he noticed he was missing some things. Ted decided to wing it and make his own recipe with what he had. After entering the competition, Ted won second place with his recipe.
I was glad to be back at the shore, but two people were fighting. One was pushed towards me. I ended up getting hit.
One day, Pete had decided to speed at the highest rate he could take it. Pete's car soon lost control, and flipped over off the highway. Pete became paralyzed from the crash, and can no longer drive at all.
She had to walk up to the grocery store to buy some marshmallows for it. When she got home, she made a cup right away. Then she sat in her chair and sipped it contentedly!
She didn't care. She blew up and threatened him with a knife at her home. He decided to stay with her out of fear.
He drank the first one he saw. It was terrible. He then got discouraged.
A day later, she received news from him that is was cancerous. Tina was glad to have had it removed. It left a huge scar, but Tina was now cancer free.
They sterilized a large safety pin. Then they used it to poke a hole in her navel! Afterwards, they replaced the pin with a metal ring.
Neil apprehended him on his way out. Shamefaced, the thief confessed, returned the sweater, and apologized for punching him. Neil thought it over and decided to press charges.
Then she decided to ask her little brother. He eagerly agreed to play with them. Nina and her brother had a great time playing ball with Nina's friends.
Derek had lots of hope that something could happen. In the final week of senior year, Derek asked Mary out. Mary politely declined, and Derek's heart was broken.
He ran to his yard to see where it was coming from. Sean frantically called 911 once he got close. He was nervous but luckily the fire department came before major damage was done.
She had her friends go outside to play. Then they came back inside and wrote a script. Finally, she turned it in.
We went to a play instead. We all enjoyed watching the various acts. After the play was over we went out for ice cream.
Her daughter found a good doctor online. She gave the details to Kay. Now Kay will go on to have surgery.
Thankfully Cara purchased one easily. As soon as she got it she posted pictures to social media. She was thrilled.
She decided to enter her first, and at the competition, she fell and broke her leg. She was determined to participate in the next competition though. She wore her cast dancing, and the audience applauded her effort.
Colin got his own project, and was very excited. A month later, he got his first set of paychecks. Upon reading them, the excitement of working at home florished.
They rolled up their sleeves during the test. Eventually, the teacher caught on and took them to the dean. They failed the test and were both suspended for a week.
She told the company, who sent another and when it arrived, she opened it up, excited to check out her new phone. For some reason, the phone would not turn on. She had to send it back and get another replacement.
Alas, she said no. Jon decided to surreptitiously make some candy at home. He tried making candy but burnt the sugar and gave up.
Any chance she got she complained about getting dolls. Jamie ended up getting signed up for T-ball. She had a blast and made some new friends that summer.
His strategy to lose weight was rash and unrealistic. He ended up heating two plates of food since he had skipped the previous meal. It all went to his waist.
While out to dinner Margret and Yolanda drank some water. Unable to hold her bladder, Yolanda used a public toilet. Margaret was proud of her friend for facing her fears.
He replied inquiring what it was about. It turned out to be spam. John was disappointed.
She didn't really feel that sad, because it was only a silly fish. Her Mom told her to just flush it down the toilet. She wanted to bury it in the yard instead.
I realized it was the wrong pill. I felt upset for a few minutes. I realized I needed to be more careful about disposing pills.
He loved sharing everything with his identical brother. Lee never longed to have his own identity. But, as he grew he began to explore his own personal interests.
She chased after it, and eventually it calmed down and approached her, so she took it home. Kim later found a missing dog poster. It was the one she found and she returned it.
Timmy told his pals about his find. When they went to see the boat, the garbage was gone. Timmy cleaned it out by himself.
Larry finally buys basketball shoes and a hoop. He follows the instructions perfectly to hang the basketball hoop. Larry is happy that he finally has a hobby.
One day, he decides to give them some bird seed. He loves his birds which turned out to be sparrows. David decides to feed the birds every morning.
She wondered if she worked hard if she could create window art from the filth. Sue sort of felt bad as she cleaned it away. The next day, she created a new masterpiece on the window.
Then, he went to the mall and bought himself a massage. It was his first time and he loved it. Dan visits the massage parlor now every time he's in pain.
She was not afraid she would never find her way home. Nor was she was afraid she would be kidnapped. She had a GPS and was always safety conscious.
Later, everyone went inside and all the lights went off, and a woman walked out with a cake for Macey's husband. Macey surprised her husband with a birthday party! Her husband whispered to her it wasn't his birthday.
On his third throw it crashed into the pins and they all fell. The display screen declared that he rolled a strike. Jay wasn't sure what that meant but he was happy.
His opponent tilted his head with interest. Gus thought more and wished he had moved his knight. The opponent gasped and made his move for checkmate.
She made sure to order the best home kit. Since they weren't sure what they were doing, they took a long time. But when it was done, Katie thought it looked great.
He learned that he didn't drink nearly enough water. He began drinking more water each day. Soon he felt much better.
After 10 minutes, she continued to work on another problem. Eventually she gave up and asked the teacher for help. He was able to solve it within 5 minutes.
Then he saw that the jail had alerted the news. Tyler decided to escape to Mexico. He was glad to have outsmarted the police!
She asked a friend what she thought about the brand. The friend had the same brand and gave it a great recommendation. Samantha tried it and it worked great!
Annie set everything out by the curb. That day, the entire neighborhood showed up and took everything. Annie ended up with a clean house that day.
The sport is dominated by men. Nikki hates the idea of not being able to play when she wants. Nikki isn't allowed to play in the NHL.
Joe took charge at the lead doctor. Much sooner than anyone expected we started to heal. We got lucky as the tree could have killed us!
He poured the beer badly and spilled it on himself. He was very embarrassed. His date found it cute though.
When she got home, she noticed that she had a small cut on her feet. Concerned that she may get an infection, she washed the wound well. She then put on some antibiotic ointment and resolved to wear water shoes next time.
We had all our boxes packed up. We called the movers' boss. They finally showed up and each of them grabbed a single box.
He came the next day to pick up his new bus. The garage worker told him the trade was off. The bus driver told him he'd quit if he had to drive that old bus again.
He was following the path of the plane on the tv screen. Soon he had arrived back at home. Neil said next time he would vacation in Santiago, Spain!
While the tank was filling up at the next gas station, he decided to smoke. A nearby police officer spotted Jon smoking. He scolded Jon and told him about gasoline safety.
He wanted to go outside. Instead he stared out the window angrily. He decided to play video games instead.
Jamie went to the store and looked for a good cookie making set. Jamie found a cookie batch that would be great. The little girl was happy to have Easter cookies that she loved.
Her boss was sad but still invited her to the company New Year's Eve party. She decided to go to the party. It was extremely awkward and she regretted going.
The drum major chastised them heavily at the next practice. They practiced for hours. The drum line can now keep rhythm, and the band sounds wonderful.
He went next door and read books with the elderly man in his yard. The man was so happy he hired Sebastian to read him books every week. Now Sebastian isn't bored and he has money for ice cream every day.
There's a trail that goes around the whole town. Ben and Jack had six hours to ride around the trail. They did so, and loved every minute of passing scenery and adventure.
They had both fixed it up together. On Jake's 18th birthday his dad gifted it to him. Jake kept it for many years.
It seems like he never cared about me and always favored my brother. I took the box home and put it in a closet. Years later, I realized the box was his ashes so he was always with me even after death.
As he tried to turn into the left lane, his car stopped. Before it stopped, he turned off the car. He got knocked into the steering wheel.
But her friend convinced her she needed to, so they went to a karaoke lounge and practiced singing. Tara also practiced by herself for four weeks. Tara sang at the contest and won first place!
I decided to eat him to put him out because I was hungry. He tasted pretty good. My wife called me a monster and didn't talk to me for two days.
However, pumpkin was the worst to her. When someone gave her a pumpkin pie. She would always throw it right back at them.
Santiago lied and said he was making a lot of progress. He spent the rest of the afternoon meditating, which helped him focus. He returned to work refreshed and was easily able to write.
He searched and captured the frog and brought it home. Unfortunately Cody did not know what to feed the frog. When the frog starved, Cody wished he had never brought it home.
One day she needed to pay a fine for parking. She decided to pay with her huge amount of pennies! She had to use a cart to wheel in the thousands of pennies!
When the kid walked into the pet store he saw the turtle. He asked his dad to buy the turtle. When they got home he changed its name to pokey.
People had reported that hey heard bangs and footsteps inside the tunnel. Sometimes they heard strange ghastly voices and screams The guys ran away at full speed, and didn't stick around for more scares!
My fingers hurt as I wrapped them, but I didn't stop. By Christmas, I had each hat wrapped uniquely for the recipient. They were a hit!
She arrived 2 minutes late due to traffic. Her opponent was disappointed they tied. Whitney was disappointed as well.
Her daughter took a quick look but did not notice anything serious. Melanie insisted that she be taken to the hospital. The doctors found nothing out of the ordinary other than a pimple.
He dreamed of going to lessons and making a bulls eye. Unfortunately, his parents still would not let him take lessons. Though Jeremys parents were saying no, he was determined to keep at it.
Lots of people showed up. She felt really happy. She ended up laughing and enjoying the party.
She assumed she would drink all of it. Yet when it came it was large. Tina was in shock.
That night, her aunt left Jessica to go out with friends. Jessica spent the entire night alone. When her mom found out, she was furious at Jessica's aunt.
He gets groceries, but when he gets back home with everything he cannot decide what to eat. Finally, he decides to make a turkey sandwich with avocado. After eating the sandwich, Marcus begins working again.
His wife appreciated this feat of self-restraint. Nick got wise and listened to her one Saturday. Nick agreed with her, his wife called for help, and he went to rehab.
One day someone took the Bundy's dog. The  Bundys blamed the neighbors. They never saw the dog again.
He walked out, not saying much to his former teammates. Outside, his coach did not notice him sneak away. Harry made it home with the jersey safely.
They never wondered where he could possibly be from. One man listened so intensely that he drove off the road. Parth vowed never to record books on tape again.
The freelancer helped her with her website. My aunt is now happy with her new site. Now she wants to add a blog to her website.
He looked on the table for his lunch. His lunch wasn't there either. His lunch was beside the refrigerator!
His parents told him they wouldn't subsidize his bad habit. Martin got depressed and spent more of his own money than he could afford. Now Martin and his parents don't get along.
2 of his friends had gotten him video games. Rick was able to return one of the games at the store the next day. Rick bought a new game controller with the money.
Ralph bought more ice cream. He waited too long to eat it and all of Ralph's ice cream melted. Ralph went back in line for more ice cream.
For many Years the cactus did not grow. However, after 20 Years the cactus had grown quite large. Clara had to plant it in her front yard.
Tracy married Doug because they were in love and had the same thoughts about abortion. Doug found out that Tracy slept with Robin. Years later, Tracy and Doug's baby died under mysterious circumstances.
On his birthday, his parents chose to surprise him. They took him to the airplane mechanic. Tyler was amazed by all the moving parts on an airplane.
One day she met Jim and everything changed because she finally felt like she could trust someone again. She ended up marrying Jim and they were very happy. Renae learned how to trust again.
They were typical Americans, and forgave Dave. Dave returned back to Canada. Dave brewed some coffee and watched moose while he planned celebration.
Her husband didn't realize there was stuff to be done. Lita sat down to make a To-do list for him. She pointed at the list any time he was planning to stay up late.
From the top of the hill, John could see the entire amusement park. The whole thing felt like it lasted for three hours. John never went on a roller coaster again.
While there, his father ate some hamburgers. The hamburger was delicious, but it made him very sick. Tomothy's dad was driven to a nearby hospital, and vowed to never return to the USA.
As customers started arriving, they received no lemonade. At the end of the day, the girls made $0. Jenna and her friends were sad.
Although they prayed for him, he still wanted an alcoholic drink. After church they went to a bar and he got a mug of beer. He quickly guzzled the drink down his throat.
He drank far more than she did. She agreed to drop him off at his hotel to ensure he made it home safely. When she woke up feeling good, she was pleased to have declined the alcohol.
I looked inside the sandwich. It was full of raspberry jam instead of strawberry. I tried to remember that next time.
Most riders I transported were very friendly and talkative. There were only a few people that didn't want to conversate. Overall I feel Uber is an excellent way to see different places.
The two threw the darts at the dartboard. Tom won the game. Now Bill has no money left.
He got out of bed and didn't look at the clock for hours. Finally, he checked and it was already three o'clock in the afternoon. Frank appreciated that he made good use of his day by getting out of bed.
He always looked forward to the lollipop his mom promised him after the dentist. One Saturday, his mother took Timmy to the candy store. Timmy picked out a lollipop that was bigger than his own head!
I called them and set it up. When the cards came, they were beautiful. I will thank my friend and return the favor.
Ken lost the bet. He got his hair cut a week later. Charlie stopped being his friend.
She looked all over for it andcould not find it anywhere. She thought she had lost it! Luckily her mom told her what happened.
Tom had taken dozens of business trips before. Tom did some work on the plane. Tom completed the business trip and had a great time.
Even her attempt at a ponytail hadn't worked out. Gwen hoped the wig would help hide it. Finally, Gwen's hair was hidden completely.
However to my dismay, the meatballs were actually made of soy. When I took a bite I thought I would hate it. But actually they tasted better than pizza.
She went to a popular site and registered for speed dating. All the men who she met at the actual event her seemed like creeps. After 2 weeks Jane deactivated her speed dating profile.
The doctor told her minor surgery was likely her best option. Jenny consented, and the surgery was booked for the following week. In the end, the surgery was successful and the anomaly was no longer there.
I also had a huge crush on this girl. I leaned in to try and steal a kiss. She kicked me in the shin as hard as she could.
His phone rang and caused him to reach into his pants. His friends told him they were throwing a party tonight. He would not be studying for much longer.
The music was not to her liking. She played a different song that brought back her memories. She ended the night passed out upstairs.
Amy was embarrassed she hadn't played well at tryouts. Amy was proud of Kim for making the team. The girls hugged and Amy felt better about the whole situation.
She sorted all the candy by color. Each different color was put into a separate bag. Sara ate each color of candy that day.
At one point he dozed off. When he woke up the suspect was standing in front of him. Jared felt scared.
She often used Styrofoam cups. She started using washable cups instead. She is one step closer to helping the earth.
I drove an hour and a half to test drive a bunch of cars. Some I hated more than others. But I finally decided on a new Ford.
After Jim went back inside he stepped on a banana peel and slipped. Jim fell backwards and broke his back. Now Jim has to recover and is out of work for 6 months.
We had to call the janitor since she couldn't fix the chair. The janitor said a new chair was needed. The principal bought a brand new chair just for the teacher.
Ben didn't want to face the snow head on. He wouldn't even take a few steps out because of the cold. Ben would have go to the mailbox another day.
Her sister Julie, accidently ripped the wing of the kite. Sandy didn't care since she didn't work hard on it. Sandy didn't mind that her hard work was destroyed.
Megan searched the store and tried on some new pairs. Finally, she chose a pair and bought them. When she showed her mom, her mom couldn't complain that they were still too short since Megan bought it with her own money.
I colored the ocean brown. The teacher yelled at me and told me to color the ocean blue. I stopped liking art class after that day.
She was glad she didn't have to put it together. She decided to decorate it further. She added some decorative stickers.
His son shouted at him in excitement. Bob treated his son. His son decided he should do more chores next time.
She was having a hard time keeping busy and was bored. She called up her friend Sean. Sean arrived quickly, and she was able to keep things going.
She thought she like him She didn't, so she decided to meet another guy in a restaurant. Her date felt stood up and she never heard from him again.
I had to walk to go buy a large carton of cigarettes. I walked back home and opened a pack. I smoked the cigarette and felt peace.
But it got destroyed in the mail. He decided to go to the embassy to get a replacement. The embassy kicked him out!
First, she rallied her friends around protesting the rule. Then, they created the petition and passed it around. Soon, they had enough signatures to convince the school to change.
All complaints were taken care of, as the new neighbors adopted out many of their cats. The new neighbors wife remained friends with the new cat parents. The new neighbor found out he was allergic to cats, and had to get ride of the rest.
Last December he told me he found someone else. Mike told me about asking the new woman to be his wife. I am very sad.
She finally decided to go into the water. Her friends helped her learn to swim. She's not afraid anymore.
She knew it was best to call an exterminator and not try to keep them around. The exterminator killed them. Ellen is sad now that her apartment doesn't have cockroaches.
On his birthday, Carl opened his presents, but there was new wagon. Anne came around the corner of the house with one last gift. Anne had brought Carl the fixed wagon.
She approached the front of the group. The coach noticed her. She gave Nancy an A and told her great initiative.
He slipped away after a while. Martha knew he was with his friends. As expected, an employee later spotted him with a group of teenagers.
When it was taken out, it was still completely raw. I tried to make her feel better about the food. I offered to make grilled cheese instead.
Janice didn't write down the information. Her mom forgot to tell her about animportant purchase. Janice promised her that she would write it down from now on.
This past summer we went camping in the Rockies. We had a great time. I can't wait to go back.
One day the kids begged to take the dog on a long walk. The dog ran into the road and was hit and killed by a car. Joe had to bury the dog and console his children.
She decided to drive to her mother's to look at it. She liked it once she tried it on. She immediately told her mother she loved it.
He was very excited. He played with the kitten for an hour. He had never been so happy before.
A wealthy man purchased one whole level of the garage. The museum would never be there again. A year later, visitors still came to try to see the museum.
Now I take it with cream and sugar each time. I've read an article that so much sugar is very bad for you. So from now on I just drink it black and it works fine.
The rooster was becoming aged and started coming later and later. One day the rooster stopped coming to Rick's house. Rick didn't care because he never saw the rooster.
She drove him to the store while Ben thought nothing of the long drive. When they got inside, he frown deeply realizing what was going on. Although, he seemed to enjoy himself quite a bit when they left.
I was running around the court trying to hit the ball. A classmate hit a tennis ball and it hit me in the face. I never tried to play tennis again.
Dave plays 18 songs with his band. Dave gets tired and has to stop playing. Dave packs his violin up and goes home.
Then she called the autoclub for a ride home. Her car stayed overnight at the garage. There, the mechanic fixed Edna's smoking engine.
He felt he could make it through the day without his belt. He simply acted normal and didn't do anything to strenuous. Stan felt a little self-conscious, but he was glad his pants stayed up.
She started changing after she got pregnant. She developed a craving for white chocolate. Now she does not like dark chocolate!
However, Hector should have ignored their example. One day Hector dropped his phone while he was texting and walking. Hector felt deep regret and sadness that he hadn't been wiser.
The kids asked Joey how much money his dad made. Joey replied with a sum he thought sounded unimpressive. The kids laughed and told everyone Joey lived in the poor house.
He ran until he fell and hurt his knee. Pat decided to hop on one leg to the medical tent. The entire crowd was impressed he made it to the tent.
They went to a toy store instead. They filled their shopping carts with everything. When they left they were happy.
He taught voice lessons across the east. They loved him in the west. It was all dedication that made his rhythm strong.
So I bought some snacks and when I began eating, another student asked me for some. five minutes later, they asked for more. He ended up finishing the bag before I did.
His mom grasped the pot to move it to a cooler spot. But then she dropped it, swearing madly. She had forgotten to grab the handles and burned her hands!
So he used a small tray for the mixture he made then he put it in the oven. While they baked, Graham fell asleep. By the time he woke up, he had burnt the muffins.
All of the fruit were very small. Many years passed. She went to an orchard where the trees were mature enough to produce larger fruit.
He spent days chopping trees and piling logs. He sold the logs for a high price. Westin had completed his goal of earning enough to move!
Finally her aunt's car pulled up in front of the house. Kim greeted her aunt with a big smile and asked for mashed potatoes. Her aunt frowned angrily.
She made herself check her own teeth. She fixed some of her teeth for herself. Ida felt a lot better after that!
Later she went to use a new bottle of oil. She felt greasy liquid all over the shelf. She realized that she had left the bottle open.
A friend suggested she not see it. Amy felt she wasn't too adult to see that movie. At the theater she decided to see it instead of a PG 13 movie.
They used what they had to try their best to decorate the basement in Hawaiian theme. Jill made handmade invitations to hand out to her friends. Her mom even made a grass skirt from scratch that everyone loved.
The cyclist was not injured but Drew was. The cyclist wasn't charged with Drew's injury. Drew was a week away from turning 18.
They cooked hot dogs on the fire instead. The girls took them off and put them between buns. The girls were happy to taste their hot dogs.
Suddenly she saw dozen of ants among the chips. She yelped and dropped the bag. She was so upset but she had to throw them away.
He was eventually challenged by Chad to a race. Jim lost the 100 meter dash and lost in the 200 meter dash. Both Jim and Chad decided to work together to become faster.
Alicia tried to keep her husband calm. He was very upset and yelled at Alicia. Alicia was very upset.
Mandy's flashlight had begun to die. She ran up to her mom and asked for a new one. Her mom gave her a new battery,
She ordered a large burger. Unfortunately, she developed food poisoning from the burger. Amy vowed to not eat burgers again for a long time.
They searched him and found nothing in his pockets. Ed had left his pocketknife at home. Security had no reason to arrest Ed.
Her teacher announced a pop quiz. Gladly, she was prepared for the quiz. When Kelly got the quiz, she answered all the questions correctly.
When he opened his eyes, a ball was flying towards him. He quickly put up the glove he'd brought with him. He caught the ball!
He spent 12 hours a day studying before he realized school wasn't for him. He dropped out and had created his own product within 6 months. Everyone loved the product, and now Zach is rich.
She called her superintendent, who told her the air conditioner was fine. Sylvia went and bought a temperature gauge, it was 88 degrees! The superintendent came that day, and repaired her air conditioner.
I found my sump pump not working. I went to the hardware store to get a replacement. I quickly hooked it up and the problem was resolved.
She agreed and they set off. Talking about life, they walked their neighborhood together. They walked for over an hour!
With much effort, Even tried to fix the toy. Finally, the toy was as good as new. Even will forever cherish his toy.
She begged to hold her new baby brother. As she held him, Nells parents paid no attention to her, For a second, Nell though of giving the baby back her her parents.
The man asked the officer what would happened if he didn't comply. Without saying anything, the officer brandished a gun. The man thought he was bluffing so he ran away.
He decided to have a tag sale to earn the rest of the money he needed. Ron sold a lot of his stuff that he didn't need anymore. At the end of the day he had enough money for the entire purchase.
She made plans and scheduled some time off to get better. She was scared at the thought of going under, so she was glad they told her to rest instead. She had the surgery and now feels so much better.
I began wrapping the presents. The first present I wrapped was for my fiancee. I was glad I had bought presents with plenty of time before Christmas.
She instantly freaked out and ran away trying to catch him. Ben was mad at Jane and didn't talk to her. Eventually, Ben accepted her apology.
She jumped into the driver's seat of the roofless car. People stopped to stare as she drove by. She didn't realize the sun had melted half her hat to her head.
Her mom told her to be confidant. So she believed in herself when she got on the bike and peddled. Having confidence worked, she rode her bike without training wheels.
She found a ring at the park. Jill was satisfied with the ring she found. Jill managed to drop ring at the park and never saw it again.
The contestants were prepared and answered their questions correctly. Kate was impressed by one particular girl who went on to win. She decided beauty pageants were not for her.
The next day Mike went into work. His coworkers saw him and appeared happy. They told Mike that they thought he was going to shave his beard.
I stopped the beatings. Finally I had my wife arrested for beating me. I learned that my wife is a Domestic Terrorist.
Through the Year's following she was teased a lot by boys. She began to think all boys were rude and mean again. Not anymore, because now she teaches her son how not to be a rude boy.
When the door was opened the dogs ran out into the hallway. All of a sudden the dryer buzzer went off. The dogs got scared and went back inside to continue sleeping.
When the arena was finally full, he heard the crowd chanting his name. The time drew near and a hush settled over the crowd, but he was nervous. Jack put on his robe and prepared to walk to the ring for the match.
He stalked Jess when they weren't together. He got mad about everything. So Nick decided to propose to her.
He didn't buy a parrot and take it home. One the way home he would have talked to the bird. When he got home he thought about the parrot repeating what he had said.
She called a psychic the next day. A guy came and inspected the house. He told her there was a ghost.
Doctor Drew heard the album and paid Clarence one million dollars, so he doesn't have to clean those floors. Now Clarence owns a house and sometimes drives around his old block. When his friends flag him, he keeps driving because they are poor.
One day her friend came over for a surprise visit. Cora was satisfied by how neat her room was. After that she always made sure to keep tabs on friends.
Eventually, he was bored and purchased a puzzle from a new company on Amazon. When the puzzle arrived, it was the best quality he had ever seen. He is so excited to do his new puzzle.
Next month, she started on a Monday. She learned how to say some basic phrases. She thought that class was very fun.
One day, her mother said she could only play on the Ipad after school. Penny was walking though the kitchen and dropped the IPad. The screen cracked and she was unable to play for a month.
They make sure it's a renewable-energy home. When it is finished it costs more than $15,000. They are able to save a lot more money with no electric to pay.
Then Beth took lessons, and practiced a lot. Eventually, she tried out for a play. Beth earned a spot and got to dance on stage like she dreamed!
We visited her at her house. The hospital adjusted her medication. She is much better now, and is quite lucid.
All of a sudden, I noticed a small rainbow forming behind us. It chased us for several minutes, then changed directions. It was the nicest vacation ride i've ever taken!
A friend invited me to brunch. I ate chicken and waffles. I blew my diet completely.
Scientists called her to analyze the strange symbols on a pyramid. Jen realized what they looked a bit off. Some joker had defaced the ancient building with Klingon graffiti!
She already had one, but she tried this one anyways. Kelly was amazed at how great her hair looked. Kelly started using it to straighten her hair everyday.
He would keep an entire week's worth of food in his freezer. One day, there was a terrible blizzard and Sal ran out of food! Sal went hungry while the blizzard went on.
The baby was calm, and turned to look at the woman. He was satisfied with her, and gave a yawn. The two enjoyed a nice nap.
His friends both took big bites of the chili. They said it was the best chili they have ever had! They vowed they would never refuse to eat anything Tom cooked.
I noticed the bulb in my lamp had burned out, so I replaced the bulb. The lamp worked like new! Finally, I could resume reading my book.
She jogged to the car after checking out with the cashier. When she got in the car she expected to be surprised. She was pleased to find he was calm for the wait all this time.
We ate a nice dinner with some grilled food. We walked on the beach after nearby. He held my hand the entire time and now I enjoy Valentine's Day.
She wrote detailed accounts of her travel with fun pictures. Soon Gertrude's travel book became very famous. Gertrude was so happy that she began writing a book.
He's awarded a worker's compensation claim for his time. Willard no longer needs to come into work. He decides to sell his house and move.
I pressed on the brakes, but it wouldn't stop. To my surprise my brakes were worn out. Thankfully, I was able to stop with the emergency brake.
Hana felt lonely and wanted to do something about it. She didn't feel like the same person she used to be, but tried anyway. She went to a family picnic and was able to have a good time and make some friends.
All her sweaters were free of cat hair, but still got lint on them. Eva had to stop to the store for a lint roller on her way out. She ended up being twenty minutes late to join her friends.
It was going to be off air in thirty minutes. She placed snacks on her coffee table and waited patiently. When she saw the show go off screen, she almost jumped for joy.
His wig was exactly the kind of hair he wanted. He wore it when school started. Nick's friends all complimented his new, longer hair!
One day Amy told on Sara. Sara was fined. Sara never littered again.
When he looked at magazines he saw many sights and delicious food. He cut out many pictures to inspire his big trip. Johnson was happy that his dream trip might one day become a reality.
The left over smell from her was intoxicating. He knew he should have pulled her closer and held her tightly. She would have been powerless to resist.
Later in his life, he discovered how to observe the quantum world. His revolutionary theory about strings didn't come from drums. Quinn is sure his musical background didn't hurt, though.
When supper is ready, Joe sets the table. They both take a bite at the same time. Joe savors it because he loves it!
Shirley was angry and thought that was inappropriate for Annie to do business here. At the reception Shirley ordered a large glass of red wine. Unfortunately it spilled all over Annie's dress!
Then, she climbed up a small hill. At the top of this small hill, she climbed out to the edge. At the end of the hike, she was standing on a slightly taller hill.
Wayne rode his bike to school without purpose. Wayne grumbled as he walked through the halls to his first class. Wayne arrived just as class was ending.
Lacy's friend woke up one day and she couldn't find Buttons. She heard meowing from around the back of the house. Lacy's friend found Buttons and four new kittens in the bushes.
She is so shy and nervous around beautiful women, many are put off by her Kelly ends up meeting a nice woman. Kelly is very happy with her wife.
None of the employees caught on that it was part of the script. They thought he was genuinely nervous. The boss sprang up in the crowd and shouted "boo!".
In the process, her mailbox was plowed and Holly called the township to see if they would fix or replace it. The township told her they are not responsible and won't fix it. Holly's mailbox is now mounted in two feet of snow.
His friend suggested that he buy a new mattress. Brian took his advice and purchased a sleep number mattress. He hasn't had a backache since his new purchase.
He had a lot of extra frosting. He ate some frosting while his cake baked. He decided to just eat the frosting instead.
Fortunately, her mom was not angry. Brianna apologized when her mom came home. Brianna was happy that her mom was not mad.
Bella was stunned! But after careful thought, he decided to step up. He called Bella back and told her he'd gladly be a father to the baby.
Lucy blatantly refused his help, she forced herself to open the jar. However, she broke her hand. She had to go to the hospital to receive a cast.
He insisted I avoid a doctor and not drive to the hospital. They wouldn't have found anything and they would have sent me home. Ten minutes after my husband went to work I had a grand mal seizure.
Elisabeth's mom woke her up and asked her what she would like to eat. Elisabeth knew right away what she wanted to eat! Elisabeth and her mom had breakfast for dinner.
Her mother gave her an angry stern look, then redialed the person she was talking to. Amy was upset her mother wouldn't hurry up. She lay in her bed and fell asleep waiting for the phone.
She didn't need to find her keys - the door was open somehow! Shana grasped under the magnetic rock on her stoop. There, she didn't find the spare key and knew someone had let themselves in.
Soon his friends were running much faster than him. He went to the half-marathon to cheer on his friends. They all made it to the finish line.
On his way back in, a clerk stopped him. John confessed as he was returning the sweater. Luckily, the clerk decided not to press charges.
I kept checking and they were finally posted. They scheduled me to work on my unavailable days. It made me very angry.
One day, his teacher asked him the capital of California. Mickey lived in California. He knew the answer right away, both because he lived there and because of his geography knowledge.
Jasper goes to the home goods store. He buys some nails. Now Jasper is ready to start his home improvement work.
Chance was angry and wanted to accept the challenge. But he forced himself to take a deep breath and relax. He decided to be the bigger man and decline the game.
Suddenly, his hands slipped. The pumpkin fell and was smashed open. Oliver had to go back inside to get a new pumpkin.
When nothing happened at the desk I rigged up I got impatient. I went to talk to my friend as a way to hide breaking the vial. It took me ten minutes to realize I had forgot to set the vial.
She waited backstage nervously for her cue. Her cue came and she lifted the curtain. She did her job well.
He didn't have the money for the new jeans. But he couldn't pass up the great deal. He stole a pair of jeans to wear tomorrow.
We had also drank a lot. Previously, one friend bought rounds but realized he didn't have any money. I had to cover the entire tab which was 500 dollars.
Their mother came in the room and heard the music. Their mother listened to the tape and walked out of the room. The kids followed her to see what she thought of it.
After a few months, someone called to offer them jobs, but they declined. The family was really averse to look for a house in the mountains. Soon, they avoided moving there and life returned to normal.
Tara thought she had mice in her attic. Tara humanely trapped the mice. Tara doesn't hear noises coming from her attic anymore.
I still wanted to see the doctor and asked more questions so I ended up waiting for several hours. My doctor came in and started to talk about my procedure. Since I was tired, it was hard to listen.
He decided to get a used iphone. Jason met a guy he found of Craigslist. Jason bought his new used phone.
It was so delicious, I was amazed. But then I realized it was because there was so much stevia. It was so good, but I'm not sure I'll get it again.
He was happy to miss out on the cold weather that made the monkey bars dangerous. One of his friends didn't realize they were icy while he was playing. He slipped off instantly and fractured both arms.
The Smiths knew their cousins had four cows. They didn't want to have to milk cows to eat breakfast. The Smiths preferred to get their milk from the store.
Molly's mom thought she had a coat. Molly got wet in the rain. She said it was because her coat wasn't waterproof.
One night, Elias came home with two pet kittens. Taylor had never been so happy and surprised! It made Elias feel good.
He could see the warthog come around the bend, and then the lion pounced. Fur flew and screeches filled the air. From the top of the rock, the well fed lion rested.
Scott denied that the drawing was his. Scott's mom called the school to complain about the accusation. As the principal apologized, Scott pictured his next drawing on the door.
The porch was empty. Bob sensed a problem outside. He collapsed on the floor as soon as he closed the door.
The next day, her mother took her to the fair. They picked out a pair of shoes with extra-thick soles. With her new shoes on, Tawny rode the Ferris Wheel.
Scott thought Jill had no dog. Then Jill's dog jumped on Scot. Jill laughed at how afraid Scot was.
I was very sad so I slapped her face really hard. I felt so bad afterwards The next day, I apologized to her and we made up.
Sometimes he drinks too much wine and gets drunk. When he gets drunk he is unable to drive his truck home. His wife Connie gets very upset with him when this happens.
Tess was so disappointed! Then she thought of a solution. She ordered a takeout pizza to give the family a choice in foods, which her family loved!
One day he pushed the wrong person. It was a girl who he pushed that day. Biff got a detention because of his actions.
He submitted many applications. Ed got job offers in no time. He was able to get a new job in two weeks.
He really didn't want to miss the dance, so he thought of a new idea. He invited his friend to dance. The two of them had a great time and danced all night!
One day Greg told Peter that he would be moving to a new town. Peter was very sad that Greg would be leaving. he next day, Greg told Peter his plans changed and he would be staying!
Because of the rough snow, they closed the mountain. It took a long while for John to snowboard again, but he was optimistic. Now the snow is smooth, John loves to snowboard again.
He offered other dancers advice. He said that practicing in front of a mirror is helpful. He saw their dance skills improve.
At the refuge she saw a huge rhinoceros. It was much bigger than she had ever imagined it would be. Ronda was so happy she got to see a rhinoceros.
Fran bought tennis equipment and learned how to play. Fran played a match with one of his friends. And when he lost, he realized it was harder than it looked on TV.
And one night it was very busy! Noah had to handle twenty tables all alone. He made over $100 in tips that night!
She no good ideas at all for a long time. Finally his sister came up with one funny name. The store is now called Pancho's Villa.
One day, Boy started leading me on a trail. I followed her, until I heard people talking and a grill smoking. She had led me straight to a house party to get her hot dogs!
After warm ups I asked for a few autographs. A player gave me his gloves which he signed. It was a birthday present to remember.
Rob had been working in the industry longer than his brother. He decided he would put in a good work for his brother. Over the next dew months Rob mentioned his brother a lot at work and eventually he got a job offer.
One day it went out. She was not able to work. She called the company and got compensation.
He didn't get the job however and decided to wash his neighbors cars for pay. Some of Scott's neighbors took him up on his offer. Now Scott has a regular clientele and a thriving business.
At first the flower was very tiny. Now the flower has bloomed up to Daniel's hips. With more in his yard, Daniel gets more attention from his neighbors.
Then she thought of another perfect solution. She volunteered as a cook at a homeless shelter! Now Sam cooks, helps - and looks great on her college forms!
Jake gave him some of the sandwich he was eating to be nice. To his dismay, the dog became enamored with Jake and followed him home. Jake had to go in and ignore the dog for hours before he left.
The bottom sole broke after he got home. They were poorly made when Henry looked under the shoe. He became frustrated and called Hannah to ask for his money back.
Finally, she called Al's house. Al's wife, Nudge, said Al had left five hours ago. Dana thanked Al's wife for telling the truth.
Luke seen a veteran and approached him and introduced himself. He asked questions about his life. Luke befriended the veteran and took a photo with him.
He had already missed the last bus so my father let him stay. He worked on the farm for several days in return. The next morning the man was gone but so were two of our horses.
She decided to order a laptop and get wireless internet to start a blog where she reviewed movies She would see a movie and then hilariously rant about it in her blog. Before long she had over a million followers.
We all wondered who she was. When she got up to leave she mentioned her some was playing in a band tonight. After she left, I found out she was the mother of the lead bassist of the band Journey.
He worked very hard to save up for his ice cream truck. Finally, after several long years, Tom had enough money. He bought this ice cream truck and started his own buisness.
They all laughed as they challenged each other. While playing, they all demonstrated their prowess. Their charades playing was a resounding success.
He wasn't aware of it. A car drove over it and splashed Sam. Sam had to go back home and change then drive his car to work.
She then saw a ad for a newly moved one. She went to the agent, feeling hungry but fashion model thin. The agent took one look and said Ann was too short to model.
She played with her blocks. She made a tower so big that it fell on her. Linda had a broken fingernail as a result.
One day, he saw a good looking want ad for a babysitter position. He managed to get the job and realized that it was quite lucrative. He babysat often for the family and made a lot of money.
But my dog threw up the food. Luckily, his sickness ended after one day. However, I realized that I needed to be careful about feeding my dog.
We ate a bunch of chocolate. My son was 8 and told his school friends about it. They asked me to get them a batch.
The friend started a game and had a good time. One friend thought he scored a goal and celebrated. The locals were just watching him and said he did something good.
Instead, Brad went to a movie with someone else and then they had dinner together. Eventually, Amanda lost her shyness and began to open up to Brad. However, Brad ended up already having a girlfriend.
Jasper decides to wash cars instead. Over time, he attracts many customers. Jasper is happy to earn extra money car washing.
It rained but it was still a beautiful day. Best of all, no one had to wear shoes on the sand. We ended our day with a dip in the hotel hot tub.
James went to campus to visit the library and bank. While leaving the library, he saw Carl holding a man's hand. James called him on his cell right away and asked about the man.
One day he was mowing the lawn and a wasp stung him in the shoulder. The pain was shocking to the extreme. David now remembered why he feared bee stings.
His vision got really blurry. James fell down the stairs. James missed 10 months of work.
She liked all the schools but Creighton was her favorite. She applied to go to several schools. She was so excited when she got into Creighton.
The next morning, he felt ants in his hair. There were ants all over his table too. He forgot to clean up his fork as well.
Tina looked all around the pool and couldn't find it. She searched her deck but it wasn't there either. Finally she found it in the grass.
The girls then shared many gossip stories on the ride home about their lives. They thought the highlight of the day had been when Jordan's boyfriend came to say hello. The girls had so much fun in the end.
She looked into having the wall moved out so she'd have more space. The estimates were quite high for what she thought was a small job. The last handyman suggested she remove furniture to make it seem more spacious, so she did.
The other students and Anna smiled. She was great at math and everyone wanted her to be in their group. She wasn't surprised when everyone fought for her to be in their group.
After changing her mind, she cleaned everything from the walls to the floor. She scrubbed everything and emptied the mix. Joy was proud of how clean her bathroom was.
Nathan researched the options and found one he thought would work. It would also allow people to do their donations anonymously. He implemented it and a lot of people were able to make donations.
Kado sold the watch at the pawn market. The pawn clerk assumed it was stolen. The clerk reported Kado but Kado was found innocent.
He always lied about why he left work early. He didn't care if his boss found out. His boss found out about all his lies, and fired him.
It was with a group of friends. During the dive he almost lost consciousness. Luckily his friends caught him and safely brought him up.
The shop owner felt pity and gave her a triple scoop. However to her dismay, one of the scoops fell the ground. Olivia was disappointed and picked it up.
She went to the party anyway. She was there to be catch up with an old friend. A fellow party goer told her to go home.
However, his doctor told him that it was too late Thomas started to smoke again. Thomas got COPD and died in a few years.
She spotted a convenient store She picked a disposable phone. Then, she bought them and call for help.
As they checked into their campsite, they noticed the weather was looking gloomy. When told it would pass quickly, they set right out. The Smiths had an amazing experience, being a part of nature.
When the icon appeared in her reading app, she quickly ran to her mom. She begged her mom to download the book. Her mom did just that and Tahar passed the day reading the book.
Mary prepared to pay for her prescription. The pharmacist rang her up and thanked her for her business. Marcy was happy, and she returned frequently to fill her prescription.
She joins the group and spends a weekend afternoon selling basketballs. She feels great about doing something good for the community. Julie is happy that she found a way to volunteer.
She yelled to the driver immediately. Later, at the hospital, she went to look in her purse. There, she realized that she her ipod had fallen out in the commotion.
They all asked their parents to buy a different watch. Everyone except Sara had the watch a week later. Everyone except Sara had the watch a week later.
Betty placed the flowers in a vase and was excited to see them displayed. They were beautiful flowers but smelled sickeningly sweet. Betty couldn't tolerate the smell and had to toss the flowers outside.
They took pictures of whatever they could look at while heading home. The dad dropped the camera while stopped and it shattered. He didn't buy another camera until the next trip.
A man climbed onto the tip of his house to see how high the water was. He clung to his roof while the wind blew. Once to storm was finally over, he rested.
It was too small to be a phone. When he opened it, there was a coupon for a phone inside. His parents had used an envelope so he couldn't guess what was inside.
She bought some from the store next door, went home and put them on the stove, and then went outside to have a cigarette. When she returned, she saw that the eggs had burned badly! Ivory scraped them into the trash and made pancakes instead.
Amy hid in her treehouse listening to her parents comedy records. Amy had never heard so much cursing. She got in trouble when her teacher caught her reciting the record.
He was wearing it on the Subway. A stranger ran up and snatched it away. He was crushed, he saved up for a whole week for that watch.
She did, and she started dating her instructor, who taught her the rules of other sports like hockey and football. Jordyn now understands how these sports work. Jordyn and her boyfriend now watch sports together.
Blood and gush would have started squirting everywhere if the worm exploded. I would have been mortified, disgusted, and frightened completely! This experience would have made me hate worms to this day!
As he drove home he noticed a homeless man sleeping. He couldn't stop thinking about the man. He drove by the homeless man and fed him.
He visited his friends house one day. His friend introduced him to his huge pit bull. Richard almost fainted.
Some people showed up and we had a lot of fun. I had a great time and I can't wait for my next party. I am already planning my next birthday party.
Drivers slowed down to see what was going on. He would then jump up and shout that Pete's pizza was the best pizza. About one in five cars pulled into the parking lot after Pete's stunt.
She selected an affordable car she found on Craigslist. She filled out the paperwork and made a down payment with the previous owner. Afterwards, she drove home in her new used car.
When the show was over, Lucy went to meet the group. Fifth Harmony was incredibly nice to her. Lucy thought it was an event of a lifetime.
The cop offered him a jailing. He took a spot in the city jail that day. Overnight no one robbed the bank of any dollars.
I asked why would anyone need to make a lot of noise to empty the rubbish. The comment started a long string of often vitriolic comments. It was an amusing article.
The problem was that the facility was located in OK, next state above. I was living with my extremely worrisome and protective mother. I believe 4 years would have passed before I would have had the courage to tell her!
He found many useful youtube videos that brought his interest back. Bill bought a few pieces of equipment to help him. Bill later successfully trekked through a jungle.
After work he took it to a mechanic just to check. He mechanic inspected the car for free because he knew Charles didn't have much money. The car was fine, it just needed new tags.
She walked every day. She strained her tendons and joints from too much exercise. Rita got in worse shape sitting around waiting for her joints heal.
He held the container and realized he was completely out of toothpaste. Eric's sister saw him looking for more toothpaste and offered hers. The toothpaste was bubblegum flavor but Eric used it anyways and left for his date.
Lila and her family sat in the dark and told ghost stories. It would have been perfect if they could roast marshmallows and make s'mores. Lila still would never forget how much fun she had camping with her family.
Her mom wouldn't be home so she got her favorite toppings. Just before she hung up, she remembered she needed to order a drink. She got a two liter of soda and was very relieved when it arrived.
She thinks that they are just fine. With this knowledge of his adultery later in life though, she's not sure what she should do. She's worried that she needs to visit a lawyer to check the finances.
He accidentally jumped onto a customer's lap. Jerry was upset about this initially. But the customer laughed it off and ended up giving him a decent tip.
He wanted to stay outside and see everything. But 5 minutes into the hike, he got to see a giant falcon! From that point on, the outdoors became something interesting.
The expert witness was under 1k and well worth it. The expert was able to help win the case. Everyone was happy with the work the expert did.
Suddenly, their teacher spotted them. She made Andrea read the note in front of everyone. Andrea was mortified.
He had to drive for hours to get home. Finally, pulled into his garage and was glad to be back home. Bill was relieved to be home.
He rode as fast as he could in the water. He pushed himself fast. He beat his record by 2 seconds!
They were needed to clean up before a pep rally began, and when it did several cheerleaders started cheering. Afterwards, several people from the step team started to dance. They were dancing for a total of 10 minutes.
He missed his chance to gaze up at the stars. He still identified a few clouds! Ray was proud of his skygazing aptitude.
They laughed and told the cat that it made them worried. The cat meowed back in response, as if it understood. She then jumped up atop of the Christmas tree.
Once he recovered from the surgery, he signed up for a gym membership. He ran everyday on the treadmill. Eric was able to lose an extra 10 pounds on top of weight lost from the surgery with exercise and healthy eating.
So this spring we didn't even think of checking for eggs. But one day we found 5 eggs in the goose enclosure. He was a she after all!
As a result of being late the other day, he did not find the lab partner he wanted. He was paired with the class slacker. So Oliver failed the lab for that day for being late.
She joined another competition  but she was very nervous and she practiced a lot. The day of the performance, she got very sick. Isabel was disappointed that she was unable to play that day.
Last month he was able to try a new experimental surgery. It was the first time tried on a person. It didn't work and he's still in his bed.
Chris and his wife are super excited. They wanted to have two kids. Now they're one baby away from that goal.
His father was evasive about the subject. So mother and son went to the pound the next day. That night the puppy slept on the couch with the father.
One day the her turn was up! She was nervous at first but did an excellent job. The crowd loved her a lot and so they started using her more often.
Samantha struggled with rope climbing. She couldn't practice every day because the course was destroyed. Samantha set no record for rope climbing during the race.
My dad and I did many things. What I remember most though was seeing the Dallas Museum of Art. It was a great experience for me.
They wouldn't let me build on their land. After a few years, the casino was not built. It became very unprofitable!
Jim told his mother about it and she was furious but relieved he was okay. Jim's mother told Jim's father. Jim no longer is allowed to drive.
He planned to tell his son the truth on their trip. Unfortunately, he died before they could go. His son still went in his honor.
As the game went on Matt kept focused. He was watching in case someone hit to him. All of sudden the batter hit the ball right into Matt's mitt.
One day there was a solar eclipse. When I got home the lizard had found its way back to my house. As a dumb kid I believed the eclipse was to blame.
She walked to the door and stepped on something. It was a roach. She then smashed it.
He went too fast and fell and broke his arm. Adam had to be taken to the hospital right away. There, the doctor set Adam's arm in a cast.
We arrived and spent time with friends. We finally decided to go get pizza. We paid the man for the pizza and headed home to decorate for the holiday.
We had a lot of credit card debt. We didn't make enough money to get of debt. We were sad to leave the only home we owned.
I've always been told that dogs and cats don't like each other. The media always promotes that fact as well. I guess you can trust the news.
His mother explained that Mrs. June wasn't mean, just lonely. That's why she had so many cats. Sam thought about it, and decided to be friend Mrs. June. It turned out she wasn't so scary after all!
Edgar's grandmother had an idea for making that wish come true. On Christmas morning she set little Edgar on the largest dog. The dog let Edgar ride him just like a real horse!
She started going insane because she was working so many hours. Eventually she had to go cause it was just too much to deal with. She was an example of the problem with workaholics in America
He tried to make them go away. He threw crackers at them. He asked if he could go home.
Her parents were disappointed. They said they had already seen her report card. They grounded Nessa until her grades improved.
He stole some tuna and put the tuna in the taco. It tasted delicious! Billy ate tuna fish tacos from then on.
The police questioned people all day, collecting evidence. Then one day the detective came to bring her some news. Kim was going to spend the rest of her life in jail.
She was still feeling really weak. She jumped up on a table to sit down, and ended up passing out. She never gave blood again.
Ginger really wanted the pink bicycle. Courtney would not let her have it. Ginger cried for the rest of the day.
His dad made them pancakes for breakfast as well. The pancakes were burned and tasted terrible. They decided to eat his mother's breakfast instead.
One day, it was below freezing in Philadelphia. Jon was cold but refused to wear a fur coat. He was proud for sticking to his morals.
She decided not to adopt any kitten from this batch. Laura went home feeling defeated. Then a cat owner called her a day later to say she has a kitten ready for adoption.
Once, I got greedy and got a large ball got stuck in a tree. I took a small ball and used it to get the big ball down. I only throw the small balls at the trees, now.
They were upset with her. Kerry went alone and had a great time. Kerry sent passive aggressive texts to her friends afterwards.
He inspected his car and noticed the air conditioning wasn't working. Sam turned the air conditioning on. Afterwards he noticed that his car was running perfectly normal.
It was Friday and a holiday weekend. Amy wished she could have told Ray to call her over the weekend. She wished she had given him her number and been confident she would hear from him.
When he was half-way up he saw a member of his congregation jaywalk. The minister yelled at the man to be more careful. The man didn't see him and thought god was yelling at him.
The company has 24 hour online customer service. She went online and ordered a new card. It arrived 3 days later.
Sam tried to reboot, but got an error message. After minutes of it happening over and over, Sam was very frustrated. He smashed his laptop against the wall before going to bed.
Jake searched around the woods for a place to enter the cavern. He couldn't find his lighter to see very well. He was able to get a fire going with a string and stick.
We were impressed at his skill, but were surprised at what happened. Another artist came in and called that guy a legend. They got into a conversation and became friends.
Instead of watching movies. In the morning he went and took his test. Ed aced his test.
That was because Wanda's husband became disabled. Wanda couldn't navigate his wheelchair on the bleachers. Then the town put a ramp in and gave them season tickets.
She picked out a dark gown and shoes to match. Then she went on the internet and found the perfect scary mask to wear. Using my credit card to buy the mask, she was done with her outfit.
One morning, Luke got in an argument with his uncle and ran away. He become lost in the canyons of the surrounding desert. His uncle along with his friends rescued Luke and and brought him safely home.
The father hit a bad pothole and swerved off of the road. They ended up in a ditch. They had to call for a tow truck to get out.
She got her food quickly and sat down to eat. She took her time and enjoyed her break. Amy's boss was happy to see her return early.
He then proceeded to fill it up with apps and games. His mom was glad he was getting so much use out of it. He was very happy with the phone and his mother's generosity.
She waited for the bell to ring. As soon as it rang, she casually walked to the cafeteria. Finally she was able to enjoy her lunch.
He did it twelve times. He traced around a CD to get a perfect circle. He compared that circle to his circles.
As I was sitting there, I noticed something moving on the floor. It was my scorpion. I was so happy to see my scorpion again, so I screamed so loud and woke up everyone in the house.
A coworker drives Daisy to the hospital. While in the car, Daisy's water breaks. They reach the hospital and she gives birth to a baby girl.
I would have gone inside and gone through the crowd. I would have watched the show from the second row. When the concert was over, I would have gone home.
He had stayed up late. He got up early to turn in his English report. Later at lunchtime, he took a nap.
He should have bought jackets, pants, gloves, and beanies. He wasn't satisfied with leaving empty handed but he didn't want to waste money. When it was winter Sam wished he had some warm clothes.
She put the curlers and solution in my hair. After setting a while, she removed the curlers. She then styled my hair.
He disembarked and looked around. The people and buildings were foreign and exotic. Neil couldn't wait to explore Turkey!
Mr Washington slept with McKevin. Tracy, Doug, McKevin and Mr Washington went to the doctor. They had herpes and recieved treatment.
The final part came from a guy who knew a guy who owned a parts shop. The garage had been in the middle of nowhere. He left there right before the police arrived, turns out it was a chop shop.
Ben decided that it was time for a smaller bag. He took out his phone and bought one on the internet. Ben selected next day delivery and waited.
Boris was sad he couldn't exercise for a while. Boris decided to eat good food. Boris died at 120 years of age in perfect health.
He decided to buy a variety of what he could. He wished he could have got some produce. He made sure to make note to not go back.
It was a huge success. He asked everyone to join in. Nobody wanted to stop and he never got out.
The tide came in and surrounded the beach chair. Chuck continued to slumber for many hours. He put on new dry clothes when he woke up.
When we arrived at Disney Paige was so happy she started to cry. We spent the whole day riding rides and taking pictures. They fell asleep in the car before we made it home.
About a week later, she came back. But to my surprise, she was pregnant! Now, I have to find a place for the kittens.
I don't believe him. I started to walk away, but paused to look back at Hank. I informed him that of course I knew that we were best friends.
There were 10 cars they could choose from. The boys both wanted the same car. Their mother threw the car away to stop the fighting, so now they only had nine cars.
I screamed out loud, but I couldn't see anything else but darkness. I heard the howling noise again, from just behind me. I had left the TV on the Fright Fest marathon.
After a few hours of quiet, Drew forgot all about his neighbors. He normally had to tell them to be quiet. Drew was able to write in peace.
He tossed a piece of bread away from him, and the alligator. A minnow came up the nip at the bread, the alligator at him. Chuck sighed, he wouldn't be able to catch anything this this alligator near by.
Jane decided to have some though and by time brunch was over, Jane was drunk. She hadn't realized the alcohol snuck up on her so much. Jane decided to have a friend drive her.
Her daughter arrived while she was eating. She started coughing heavily, causing her daughter to be concerned. She eventually stopped coughing, and she was relieved.
On the way to the dinner table, he tripped. The food went all over the floor. It made a huge mess.
It worked fine. She didn't need a new one. Her parents had bought her this one because of her carefulness.
One day at his job his manager told him to sweep. He was happy that he didn't have to use cleaning products. He kept his job.
After leaving, she went home and took a nap. When she woke up, she was feeling terribly hungry. Mimi realized she hadn't eaten in almost 24 hours.
I reached back and a screamed as I threw a spider onto our laps. I got up to find something to squish the spider. I squashed the spider and we went back to the movie.
Judy tried to take her dog for a walk. But most dogs don't like being on a leash. The dog got scared and wouldn't go with Judy.
Her dad stood up from the chair and told her that the ground sloped up around the water's edge. He was able to see the rise in slope from where he was sitting. She couldn't see it from where she stood up.
She put the skirt into the cashiers hand. She was about to pay for the skirt, when security approached her. She had dropped some money.
She checked the store website so see if the game was available. She drove him to the store so he could buy the game. Her son played the game a few times before growing bored with it.
I cut the stamps out and take them home. I soak the stamps in water to remove them from the envelope. I glue the stamps onto packages I mail out.
She rescheduled it for next week when she had more time. She got to the appointment and Ashley asked what she wanted done. The appointment took 1 hour and her hair looked great.
He arrived at the place early. Finally, he went in to start working. Unfortunately, he saw quickly that it was a scam and had to leave.
Lindsey had saved money from her job and had already bought a dress. She was happy for her ability to babysit. Lindsey had babysat enough kids to earn enough money for a nice dress.
Maria worked very hard to grow these vegetables and they were all harvested. Maria decided to set up a food stand with her harvested vegetables. Maria made thousands of dollars.
When she looked in her wallet she had no money to go. To her delight she was able to watch it online. When she finally saw it she was elated.
She started her own business. It was tons of work. She loved selling dogs.
Unfortunately she missed her stop. Rita was mad. She had to get another train back.
Jerry decided to pick the chocolate ice cream in a nearby convenient store. Jerry thought that it tasted delicious and ate it as fast as he could. He regretted eating it so quick because he got a brain freeze.
It wasn't clear what ended up happening. Mom then noticed that Dina's face had turned beet-red. Dina tells Mom that Betsy made her do it.
When the robbers came looking for Santa, Don beat the robbers down into bloody pulps. He showed them no mercy at all. He thought the resulting white skin with red blood was quite festive.
Then he suddenly opened the door and scard the salesman. Flustered, the salesman left, not sure what had happened. The salesman didn't send a set of encyclopedias int he mail.
Even though I knew it could take a while for delivery. Eventually, I knew I need to do something to make my mind off it. In no time the video game console arrived.
The leaves were cleaned up. Tim got ready to reward them, but stopped. They were having so much fun, he changed his mind and joined them.
She found out that she has a mild cold. When her mom came home, Janice immediately ran towards her bed. She pretended to fall asleep.
I immediately went to the nearest bank. When I got there there was only one left. I instantly snagged it.
It really felt good to get words on the paper. Since the words were on the paper, I had mailed it away. I wouldn't have to write a newsletter.
One day, his friend Michael whispered something to another person. He tried to listen in but it was too hard. That day he gave up trying to listen to people's conversations.
He calls girlfriend, and invites her to dinner Saturday night. On Saturday he cooks his girlfriend dinner. Charles is happy about his date and feels relaxed.
Negra succeeded at finishing his food. Negra waited patiently. Negra finally got some cookies for breakfast.
Her guide knew the country very well. They went on all kinds of fun excursions, and Rana loved it. She had a great time and she never got lost!
There was a late snow that year. He knew it would be the last. So he waited patiently for the snow to be gone.
He had to go to school. But he wanted to finish the juice so he took it with him on the bus. He had no choice but to carry the empty glass around all day.
Last spring, a surprise windstorm blew straight across the Lake. The windstorm blew a tree down on top of our house. The crash of the tree was so loud that it woke us all up!
Mickey had to choose between strawberry cream, strawberry swirl, and strawberry delight. He decided on strawberry swirl. Mickey was satisfied with his ice cream.
He left the snacks on the counter overnight. The next morning he found the snacks ripped open and eaten. His dog had found the snacks while he was sleeping.
He took out a huge vacuum and vacuumed all the toys and his clothes into the vacuum. All of his stuff was gone so he asked his dad for help. They took all the toys out of the vacuum and they played with them.
She had to work the day he was at the bookstore signing copies. Kelly was nervous to miss work. Thankfully her boss said she could take a long lunch that day.
Then he thought of an even better shopping companion. Flagg asked his mom to come shopping with him. She agreed, and the two had a great time shopping together!
Highlight of the parade was Santa Claus at the end of the parade. Everybody was upset they missed the parade that afternoon. The Smith family went to have dinner together instead.
Since she was gone, we had to eat. The audience started to shout at us. One individual decided to get up and throw a tomato at us.
Billy went to a music school to learn the instrument. The lessons were provided to him. Billy now makes money playing the piano.
Joe took the college entrance exams to join. He was not able to pass and was accepted to community college. His father was happy his son was not joining The Army.
One day, Terri brought a cat home. While her husband was sleeping, the cat climbed on his lap. Terri's husband woke and was happy to see it was a cat and not a dog.
Cassie went to the mall to have herself sized. Sure enough, the sizer told her she had been wearing her bras too big! Cassie switched bras, and her shirts began to fit her just fine.
In hoping she would, she sent letters to several companies. It took a long time, but one company finally responded back to make a movie. Seeing her stories come to life was a dream come true for Alana.
Ryan really wanted to bowl a perfect game so he kept practicing. Ryan bowled a few perfect frames and a few people drew in. When he made his last strike everyone cheered.
He used a pay phone at the park so he wouldn't be overheard. He stayed in the park until the detectives came. The detectives wanted to hear all about the abuse.
He walked out of his room for a second. And he saw a bird at his window sill by the shade. Rick decided to leave his window closed afterwards.
She wants to see all the famous landmarks. She thinks she would love Athens and Minos. But think that Lesbos will probably be disappointing.
After deciding to try again, she re-enrolled and started to do well on tests and handed in all her homework. When report cards were issued again, she was hopeful. Checking the card, Ora saw that she'd made straight As!
All of her classmates were very excited about it. Milly was the first in the group to ride the tractor. It was much louder and bouncier than she expected, but she got over her fear quickly.
Justin would use it to hide in during snowball fights before the brother destroyed it. The sun came out and the weather warmed up. The snow fort would have melted, even if his brother handn't destroyed it.
They purchased parking passes and were super excited. The family had so much fun. It was a trip of a lifetime.
The kids that moved in broke the windows on the porch. Gina's stepped on the glass from the broken window. She cut herself on the glass.
I went off on my own to fly it just this once so they wouldn't be upset. A really big gust of wind came and made my kite soar really high! It flew so high I couldn't see it anymore until I pulled it down.
Sarah was proud of her skill. She noticed that other people were just using their hands. Sarah was disgusted at other people not using chopsticks.
He got a new house that wasn't in an earthquake zone. While driving to work, a large earthquake started. And Tony had no supplies and no idea about what to do.
Joshua waited for one week without hearing back from the loan officer. In the second week he got his loan. Joshua had to pick what kind of small business to start.
However the spa lady gave her hot rocks. Carol got up and screamed. She almost got burned and had to get aloe.
She carefully weighed her options and decided to write her a poem. She started to write her piece for her mother. Rachel laughed when she realized she'd misspelled birthday.
The sweet dog surrounded us and I yelled to him. I protected my dog the best I could, and I kicked any others away. I ended up with one dog bite, but at least my dog was okay.
People already knew her because of visiting during the summer. During recess on the first day a girl asked her to play hopscotch. It turned out Jill didn't have anything to worry about.
Unfortunately, her next house was infested too and also had to be fumigated. It took days for her to be able to move in again. The house still smells strange.
He invited me to breakfast this morning and I finally met his mom. Bishop was standing there with his mother and he introduced us. She turned to him, calling him Stewie, and from there on I knew.
A neighbor tells police she was getting into a car with a man crying. A few minutes later she explains the man was her father. She was crying because she rarely sees him and was happy to see him.
She picked it up and brushed it off. She began carrying it back to her car. Suddenly, she dropped it and it cracked open.
Ken usually always won the games and he didn't like to beat his friends. One day he challenged a new neighbor to a game. Ken was surprised when he lost the game by five points.
His dog just wouldn't listen at first! Then a friend suggested he reward the dog with treats when it obeyed. With positive reinforcement, Evan's dog was soon doing lots of tricks!
They looked like they were sniffing at some kind of animal print. She shooed the cat away and knelt down for a closer look. Samantha was nervous it could have been a bear's prints and ran inside.
A blizzard came unexpectantly while Dean was out hiking. He couldn't stay warm enough and was frostbitten. Dean had to get his pinky toes amputated.
Yesterday, a collection agency called her. We've all been offering to help. But so far, she's refused help because of her new part-time job.
He learned that filming himself and reviewing it was helpful. He compared his video to NBA athletes shooting form. He became a great basketball player and finally got that scholarship.
I turned on the sink water to wet a rag. While scrubbing the table, I accidentally knocked off a plate. The plate broke into little pieces, and then I cleaned the mess.
But I had come to work prepared for it. I made sure that all the shoppers were helped. When the long day was finished, I felt tired, but happy.
He was trying not to get distracted and follow it. He successfully made it to his destination after. The pilot sat at the airport and waited to watch the moon in peace.
We had to feed him some medicine. Once the medicine worked, he looked like he felt the same. He still ate bacon whenever he could find it.
She thought there was a baby bottle down there. She reached deeper beneath the seat and finally found the filthy bottle. She decided that she would have to throw it out.
Doing this was exciting to them. The food was terrible. The girls left the restaurant with full bellies.
She begged her parents to get her one. Her parents refused. Finally Amber admitted that she was too allergic to have one.
The former record holder went in disguise to watch him work. The former record holder tried to ruin Ken's creation by kicking it. Ken stopped him I'm time and tied him up to be safe.
When he got home we went on a drive. He was very excited when we arrived. He made sure that we got on every ride in the carnival.
I had used my wife's phone to ask they found it. The lady on the other end said they did. This was a great relief to me.
Then she made a huge cake. Her brother came home from work that night with few of his friends. He was so pleased he nearly cried!
But it was a lie and one month later he couldn't stand her any more decided to move out. He didn't have a place to go, so he lived in his car. Weird how Zach is now happier than he was in a house with Jen.
Less than two months later the car broke down again. Ken decided to see if he could see what was wrong with the car. The dealership had replaced the bad parts with corroded used parts!
He picked the dog up, and played with it all day. He gave it a bone for a treat. The dog fell asleep, and Peter went to bed.
Eli wanted to lecture them on the damage they were doing to the environment. The group all laughed at Eli and threw rocks at him. One of the rocks hit Eli in the face and broke his glasses.
He decided to read a scary story. The story in the book was too scary for him. Bob had nightmares for two weeks.
She decided not to go to meetings. The meetings would have helped her to identify her triggers. Nina was able to quit cocaine despite not going to the meetings.
A thunderous gunshot rang out without warning from nearby. The mobsters made an audible sound of fear and departed. Andy crept out of the closet and lived another day.
When Neil went to his computer, he noticed several pop ups and ads. Todd said he didn't use the computer. So Neil blamed his grandmother.
Prom has just ended. I instruct my employees to make a small stock of corsage arrangements. The sales are lower than expected so far.
After seeing a few he began to wonder if it was easy to make one. He and his friends got a camera to film his ideas. Months later Julian's short film was forgotten.
He tried to to stay cool in his tank top, but it was too hot. He started looking for somewhere cool to sit. Finally, he found an air conditioned cafe.
One day Fluffy got some courage and played dodge with the Roomba, making its sensors go haywire. The roomba finally gave up its battery charge and went to recharge. Fluffy felt victorious yet again and went back to sleep.
Another boy saw that he was excited and came over to talk with Joey. When Joey heard the boy and saw he wasn't scared, he took the Xrays Joey was really proud of himself that he was able to help the boy overcome his fear
Joey noticed that the cashier looked very tired. He tipped the cashier a large sum of money. The cashier appreciated the extra money!
When I went up to her to and said hello, she didn't recognize me. I was very saddened by this but it's not unusual for kids to have short memories. I told her I'd see her again and I hoped next time she'd remember me.
One evening, he accidentally butt dialed Gina while he was with a girl. Fortunately for him, Gina didn't have her phone and didn't get the call. He was fortunate not to get caught.
But right before Bill picked the prize he knew Jack had wanted! When Bill saw how sad Jack looked, he felt guilty. Bill felt much better after he decided to give Jack the prize.
Tom went shopping for new clothes to ensure he kept dressing better. Tom spent hours at the mall. Tom left with a whole new wardrobe.
Suddenly, a family of bees swarmed into my cabin, I ran terrified. I soon became lost in the woods, for hours. Later on, a church search and rescue party had found me and taken me back to safety.
He smiled as he walked past them. Then they turned a corner. Adam carries on walking.
Her favorite thing would have been the cable cars. On her last day, she even got to see one! Anna had a thrilling experience seeing the cable car!
The producer agreed if he paid him $5,000. The man gave him the money and was assigned a reporter. The man sang opera while the reporter stood there dumbfounded.
The store owner told him that faux-fur is not fashionable, and said get out. Jack went to a different store. The other store found him a coat made of faux-fur and he was happy.
Then she and her aunt moved in with a wealthy European couple. They showered her with gifts and love. Minh is sure she's now the happiest child in the world!
That day, a huge ice storm had come through. As he drove down the road, he swerved a lot. Max was really afraid, but luckily he made it back to his campsite safely.
Her friends complain when they get a ride. She opens a window to try and clear the smoke. It doesn't help and they still complain.
She also started jogging to lose even more weight. After a week or so, she noticed she was looking and feeling better. Her progress encouraged her and the morning jog became a regular habit
He did sell his house and just bought a new one in a better area. He rented a truck and packed it up. When he got the new keys he was overflowing with excitement.
Charles also didn't know what a record was. Michael started a rap group with someone else and they went on a tour. Charles was sick after hearing the group made thousands per show.
The love making was really beginning to escalate. Suddenly, the man groped the woman. Max walked back inside to avoid staring.
All of the sudden, they noticed that one of the kids was missing. They searched for him, but couldn't find him. Hours later, they finally found him hiding in the office.
When the class ended he took another class. And when that new class ended, he take taking more dance classes. He realized that he was tired because he took too many classes.
He tripped over the tray, but George didn't. The kid pushed George and it was considered violence. Both kids were suspended.
Then she crashed and toppled over! Leo's sister wanted to cry, but he decided to be a big girl. She got right back on the bike and pedaled off!
They picked up trash and helped some of the seniors. It made them feel good to do something that mattered. They were all very proud of themselves.
I am not a good cook, so I spent a few hours learning how to make it. It was difficult, but my girlfriend was so disappointed. The look on her face gave me so much stress.
Molly sat down and tried to work the bagout. She had to start over several times. Finally she got it and put it away.
His parents told him to ride a bus. Morgan drove very far every day. He had to pay a lot of money for every miles to his dealer in the end.
She announced to the class that the day will end early. Most of the students jumped with excitement. Misses Sky was excited to go home and not deal with the topic of percentages.
But right now it hurt and she couldn't ignore it. Finally, she had to leave the movie. Her stomach kept hurting for the rest of the day.
She got all dressed up for the makeup date two days later. When the doorbell rang, she answered. It was Fred with a bouquet of flowers.
They hurried to the other truck. They put out the fire with their hoses when arriving. They were very proud of a job well done.
Being a perfectionist, Mike practices, and returns to the park. The other kids still choose Mike for their teams. Mike plays amazing basketball with them.
The oldest asked her for $20 but she said no. Later the oldest told Esther the money would have been to get her a gift. Esther was moved by her granddaughters kindness.
I facetimed him so I could see his brewery. He gave me a tour of his brewery. I had lunch by myself after the tour.
He thought his parents would call him up in a few minutes. But hours went by. Ian hated walking home in the dark.
Knowing how judgemental his family is, Derrick couldn't tell them any of this. Larry soon found a new boyfriend and they raised the baby together. The next day they told Derrick's family everything and they were sad for him.
But she changed her mind and decided to do a good deed by adopting a shelter dog. Iva went to the shelter and picked out a new dog. She was so glad she had rescued a great dog for her pet!
When he returned, he had a long talk with his dad. He told his dad he needed to change the way he acted towards his kids. Or he would take Gina and leave the house.
She had a heart attack. Sara went to the hospital. Her whole family was there.
One fell on her. The girl became upset. The girl then went home.
After we stopped, she felt something crawling onto her leg. When she noticed that it was a snake, she freaked out. She immediately ran away.
She adored the coyote and the coyote adored her. She looked everywhere for the parent, but couldn't find one. Tina took the coyote home and raised it to be a loyal companion.
My friend told me to get $100 of bingo cards. After buying the bingo cards, I sat down and got comfortable. The games were played too quickly and I couldn't keep up so I ended up losing money.
It was a company tradition. She said yes to her crush avoiding karaoke. As soon she went by the karaoke she turned around and went home.
He called his boss and asked if he wanted coffee. Luckily, his boss offered to pay for the whole coffee order for the office. Jack was very popular that day when he turned up with everyone's coffee order.
When he went to check out, it was a cucumber. Dan asked his sister an apology. She told him it's fine.
But there weren't children around my age, so I solved my problem by having imaginary friends. I am an adult now. I still think about my imaginary friends.
So the boy did not climb high into the tree to get it. He did not have to reach out his hand to grab the topmost fruit. He left the apple and climbed back down the tree.
She played hard, but the other girls were still better. After 3 hours of practice she had only scored 11 goals. She was embarrassed since that was the lowest number on the team.
One day, a rich man in a limo came to meet him. The man knew what treasures Gemini kept inside his shopping cart. Gemini drew a revolver and told the man to leave.
Her father passed her the dead phone as he drove on the highway. Gina couldn't text her friends to find out who was awake. It was 1 AM, and no one would have replied anyway.
He demanded that I come to his apartment that day. While anxious, I went after class. Turns out, we weren't very compatible.
He had it dance to a popular song. When he uploaded the video, he titled it Jackson One. He hoped that his viewers would appreciate the pun.
She hoped she would live a better life! She kept that dream every day while being schooled. One day she walked out of school, Dora was killed in a drive by.
He hoped he would preform well in the play. He wished to impress his neighbors. He was gratified when they hold him they loved his performance!
None of the balls were inflated enough for practice, so the compressor was a big help. Unfortunately, it broke before he was done so he ran to a sports store 1 mile away and bought another pump. He managed to get the balls ready before practice started.
A tiny black dot was stuck to his skin near his genitals. His wife examined it and, scared, said it was a tick! She removed it with tweezers and bandaged the small wound it left.
When the mailman came, he told him to address him as the King. The mailman said that if he did, they he couldn't get any letters. Cam decided that he did not need mail anymore and kept the title.
He knew he had various lighters sitting around and decided to collect and get rid of them. He could find none of them though. Finally he decided to just ignore them.
Grace is happy to notice that she has all the ingredients for a cake. She cooks a delicious cake. Grace feels great that she didn't have to go shopping for food.
Several kids ran for an adult, while several others called 911. The kids formed a circle around the injured child. Their blockade kept him warm until the ambulance arrived.
But one evening, the guy cooked fried chicken and waffles. Make though this was an odd combination and said so. The guy offered ark and plate, and he had to admit it was very good.
Ana decided to try to stop whining so much when someone else commented on it. She consciously paid attention to her whining urges. Soon she had stopped whining, and her family was still a bunch of whiners.
They decided they would have casual relationship at work. Bob never wanted Jerry to be in his circle of friends. The two of them didn't get the chance to be friends.
After she brought it home it was a flop. Everyone refused having a slice. Then they started fighting over having to eat it.
He had bought it on the first day of release. Dean found out that a new console was coming out in one day. He camped out in front of the store in order to get it on release day.
Kim was never nervous. She practiced every day for months. Today, Kim can ride horses well.
I decided to go straight to bed. My friends visited several outlet stores and ate food at the food court. They had a good time.
When they finished their papers, they both looked very different. Cindy and Jane got good grades. But they never cheated.
She took off the ribbon and bow once she found out it was for her. Opal removed the wrapping paper. She then took the gift out of the box.
He folded and creased but it was already ruined. He couldn't make his swan. Jester didn't have anything to give to his sister.
Suddenly, he was woken up by a loud noise. Upset, Bob couldn't work anymore. His son finished the shed the next week, as a surprise.
Adam chose  one that was large and showy. He dumped the fish in the tank and watched it swim around. The large fish was all alone in its tank.
Then, he went out to put out more fires. The campers were startled by Benji's sudden appearance. They quickly overcame their surprise and invited him to join them.
Jim started to learn karate, just in case. Before long Jim is able to defend himself. Jim was proud to know karate.
He had been her best friend, her lover, and her dance partner, so they thought they'd try to get along anyways. She held his hand tightly as he forced a smile up at her with his blue eyes. A single tear rolled down her cheek as they danced at their reunion.
Now that I hear she's alive and well I feel weird knowing she doesn't want to meet me. I don't know if I should care. Or if I should just go on without her in my life like I always have.
The next day when he bought coffee for his home, his coffee maker suddenly created a spark and stopped working. Tim contacted the manufacturer of his coffee maker. He was able to get a replacement coffee maker through his warranty.
However, Jerry started to get exhausted and moved slower. He ended up passing out because of his tiredness. Kane was the winner by default even though he couldn't lift even one weight.
She knew she had a bad tooth. She pulled out the bad tooth. Vivian never had tooth pain again.
Everyone grabbed a beverage. As soon she was about to take a picture, my friend jumped in. I turned my head and the photo flash went off.
I have never been to a polo match before. I think it will be boring. The polo match will be a very boring experience.
However, I fell asleep halfway through the flight. My mom woke me up as soon as we arrived at our destination. We took our bags with us and met up with an aunt there.
He immediately opened it up. To his joy, the ipad dropped right on the floor. Unfortunately, it was left unscathed.
Finally they are happy to have a new son. They name their son Paul junior. Year's later Paul is happy he has a son and three daughters.
The neighbors were very offended. They started revving up the media circus to ostracize him. Dan quickly painted over the symbols with a coat of yellow paint.
For Christmas, his family bought lots of toys for needy children in his name. Tim's family felt good about this. They decided he was going to do this every year.
Jeff didn't care after the first week. However, he started to have more anxiety as he tried to find ways to fill the time. His mom eventually found him watching television more.
He had also been late for work. After work, he went to hang out with his best friend. Albert was glad because his friend made him laugh.
He sold the car to a wealthy man. The next day, the car crashed and everyone in it died. Freddy was glad he sold the car.
When she got better, she made a bowl of ice cream and sat on the porch and ate on a warm summer day. She sat her bowl down and played with a neighbor's cat. When Lucy returned her ice cream was soup.
The teacher asked everyone to take out their homework. When I took out mines, it was dry. The teacher accepted it.
The computer doctor recommended a complete system recovery program. Unfortunately, Brian didn't realize that it would delete everything. He learned to do frequent backups after losing all pictures and music.
His parents got him many test prep books. He opened each one enthusiastically. He received many test prep books and was very grateful.
She tried to find the candy while her mother drove. Amy couldn't find the bag with the candy in it. She realized that her mom must have put it away before purchasing.
He campaigned for meals on wheels. It made him feel good about himself. He kept doing it for months before moving on.
Jim threw the ball and the other player ran towards the goal. He managed to cross one opponent, but He got hit from another. He ended up getting punched instead of tackled.
She loved her designs and patterns. Camryn offered to give her whole inventory! Camryn went home and was feeling like a thousand dollars!
Cezar was not very well trained and didn't listen to Melvin. One day Cezar ran away and Melvin was very sad. Melvin found Cezar next door and was very happy.
Her boyfriend told her that he loved the dress. Stephanie and her boyfriend danced and ate all night after the game. After the game, they decided that she will always keep the dress.
The next day, Gina and her family went back, they had treats, and items for sale. Gina purchased a popcorn ball, and a plate of cookies. She ate her cookies and watched her sister get her face painted.
It was so hot at the beach. My behind was sore from the long trail ride. I have decided, horseback riding is not for me!
He opened up some editing software. Then, he played the song backwards. It sounded really cool, and Mark continued.
When it rang, the phone call was about a man inquiring about a large scale project. Henry accepted and began to work on the man's large wooden statue. The man showed up the next day and paid Henry handsomely.
Her mom gave her a great recipe the one time she wanted to cook her own dinner. Kate bought all the ingredients and followed them exactly. The dinner she cooked was perfect!
She quickly learned the lines for her new role. At practice, Sarah heard a girl say the part meant the world to her. Everyone was surprised when Sarah fumbled the lines for the lead role.
She decided to skate to then she fell. She fell right on her leg. Thankfully she got back up but was in a lot of pain.
Suddenly, they head a noise outside. Rachel peeked out and saw that it was a bear making the noise. Terrified, the sped up the car until the bear was far behind them.
They dove over the edge of the pier into the water. They brought their waterproof cameras along. They had taken over 100 photos of the wildlife they'd seen.
His roommate found him on the floor. Everyone was so sad. They had a funeral the next day.
When her dad had time, he taught her how to ride it. Molly was very happy. Molly rides her bike every single day.
His cat kept begging for treats. His cat wouldn't stop making noise. Rick had to feed his cat treats in order to silence her.
The bunny remained energetically twitching his whiskers. Roger felt a deep and awful crunch under his back as he rolled over. He jumped up only to break down, destroyed at what he had done.
Rita, and Mary weren't talking to Gina; they were her enemies. Gina only had Tami as her ally. The fact that Tami was still talking to them made Gina uncomfortable.
He visited an animal shelter. He petted every dog. He can only imagine taking home a great dog and becoming best friends with it.
She called out in frustration. A ranger heard her and came over to see what was the problem. Michelle gratefully thanked the ranger.
Returning home without a key to the house, Sue panicked. Her son said he could climb through the bathroom window to get the keys. He slipped in the narrow window and came to the front door to let Sue in.
She worked two part-time jobs to afford her rent. Finally she was hired as a background vocalist for a major artist. Anita thought her dream was finally becoming a reality.
She calls the maid on her off day and accuses her of moving it. The maid tells her she moved it to clean and forgot to replace it. The maid angrily quits over the phone.
She never watered them at all and really neglected them. They started to wither and die. Her flowerbed was the ugliest one in the neighborhood.
He goes online to read slipper reviews. Jason likes a pair of slippers from an online store. Even though they are expensive, he buys the nice slippers.
An hour later, it was not better, so the balm wasn't working. She took a nap. She felt better when she woke up.
He began to plan his move. He realized it was too much work. He then decided to stay home with his parents.
He gave Yin a very special pair of chopsticks. They made learning much easier. Soon Yi was the best out of all her friends at using chopsticks.
She continued to smoke, against doctor's orders. Soon she was diagnosed with lung cancer. She died a week later.
Once in India, Gina's family applied for asylum in the United States. The application process took two years. Finally they were approved and now live in New York.
Years later Johnny became extremely buff. Johnny became very confident. Johnny was fulfilled and happy with his hard earned confidence.
He began emulating the coach's form exactly. He filmed himself to compare it to the professionals. He eventually saw his skills dramatically improve.
She wrapped it for Mother's Day. When her mother opened it, she got a strange look on her face. It wasn't a vase at all, it was an urn with ashes inside of it.
Larry went and slipped the teller a note. The teller handed Larry all the money she could get. Larry ran off and lived in a luxurious beach house until he died.
But as soon as he bought the funnel cake, he regretted it. It began to drop sugar all over him! Soon Alan was very sticky and very unhappy!
A huge tsunami wave appeared on the distance as they watched from the road. They ran through the streets trying to reach high ground. Just as the wave crashed they reached safety.
Bobby asked himself what was different between him and Jim. He realized that Jim didn't play the guitar. Bobby had taught himself to play the guitar in order to impress girls.
My mom went to the show with me. My friend noticed her right away and called her on stage. He gave her a lap dance in front of the entire audience!
School was in session. He gathered with all of his classmates in the classroom. They were a very attentive audience!
He called a phone number. He called the person who was very excited to sell him drugs. He even gave Lou extra pills.
He saw that there was a damage on the shirt. He tried to return the shirt. He was disappointed about buying stuff online.
They spent an hour debating between two fake trees. The Jones picked the shorter, squatter tree in the end. They put the box in the car and started thinking how to decorate it.
Today there were chicken nuggets in the cafeteria. She was so excited to eat the chicken nuggets. Amy ended up eating all of her friends nuggets too.
On the other end of the block was a bar full of people. The people at the bar all looked happy, while the church stood empty. Gina was asleep and didn't see those buildings on the same block.
She tried to open the closest restroom door. When she finally got it open she rushed in a screamed. She had accidentally gone into the men's restroom!
He took it inside and realized that her power button was broken. He tried to replace the button and charged her $100 for the simple repair. The woman refused to pay when the computer never turned on again.
There was some extreme turbulence while onboard. Alas, the plane made an emergency landing in the middle of the pacific Ocean. Luckily, I was saved by the Navy!
Each month she just scraped by with nothing to spare. She decided to get her act together. She asked for a raise and now she is in a good place financially.
The man was leaving because tickets were sold out. The shadowy individual offered his extra ticket at a special rate. This excited the man and he promptly paid.
Gary was disappointed. Gary decided to try blind dating instead. Luckily, he found the love of his life.
He looked online for DIY ideas and found one for a collar. Then he asked his mother to take him to the pet store. She hadn't realized that Ed was a dog that Ben knew.
Hans then discovered that he forgot to get plates. Hans' son suggested that they use napkins instead. Hans congratulated his son on a great idea.
Lucy's eyes grew when she saw the cake. It was layered with delicate flowers she had never seen. Lucy wanted to try everything, but settled on the icing.
Martha told her family how she had carefully deep fried the turkey. Everyone was happy that the holiday went as well as it dead. The family decided to have Thanksgiving at Martha's next year.
He was distraught about this. He planned everything for the perfect night with a different girl. When he picked her up she was smiling and happy, and Bob was happy.
She bought some from the factory store in Australia. When she got home, lizards darted out from the box. She shooed them away from the box and took out her new Tim Tams.
She had to do the test the next day and she thought it was hard. The wait to find out the result of the test was excruciating. Kay was overjoyed to find out she passed with a 90%.
One year, the plow man got greedy and plowed when there was only a dusting. He continued to do this, despite being confronted by the family. The plow man got fired and a new plow man took his place.
Even so, John still took Buddy to the ver regularly. The next day, John took Buddy to the vet to get a checkup. The vet said Buddy was very healthy.
Sarah knew that she should be happy and that something was wrong. She contacted her obstetrician who finally recommended a psychiatrist. She was diagnosed with postpartum depression and began medication.
The guy behind the register wouldn't buy the candy bars. Sam didn't make a big deal about it. He figured it was just a few bucks he would have made.
He was nervous so he didn't do it. He watched his friend jump into the air and get onto the rail. His grind was flawless.
Bill found out that it was a specific model number and began to do more research on it. After five years, he had finally decided to sell his version of the watch. He went and found another watch he liked even better to buy himself.
She decided to bury the dog. One day, she heard squealing. Her neighbor's dog had given birth to puppies!
Gayle went outside with her work clothes on. The kid grumbled, following shortly. Gayle was glad she knew how to manipulate the kid into working hard.
He painted the entire room green. He liked the look and decided to go with it. Now his quest for a total green life was complete.
He touched the axe. It felt tacky like there was blood. Dave decided to leave the axe alone!
I decided to bench some weight. Usually I have no problem benching weight, but my arm just gave out. My partner stopped the weights from falling down on my chest so I didn't have to go to the hospital.
Just as he prepared to swim instead, he saw a giant shark. Jerry quickly returned to the beach to escape the shark. Then, from shore, Jerry realized the shark was just a dolphin.
Charles caught the dog and put it in the tub and rinsed him with warm water. The dog didn't shake. Charles lathered the dog and then he shook soap everywhere.
She had very big muscles as a result. Amy's career was over at 20 years of age from an injury. She looks back on her career very happy and proud.
Pete decided that he liked other men more than he did his wife. He left her to find his soulmate. Now he sees his daughter twice a year.
I heard something outside my window. It was a man looking at me! Thank goodness that I didn't change my clothes.
The end result looked great. When he showed his friends, they loved it. Jeremy couldn't wait to show his girlfriend.
First thing in the morning, Mike met up with a real estate agent after leaving the resort. The apartment Mike was shown was very nice and cheap. Miek happily and quickly grabbed the deal and moved into his new home.
She realized it wasn't fun at all. She hated betting on horses and losing. Ramona always couldn't wait to go back home.
Soon he was several hundred dollars in debt. He and his wife never booked tickets for Florida. They never had a great time on their vacation!
It was one of her grandma's favorite desserts. She bought everything and followed her gran's recipe. It turned out perfect!
He found a rock that was dry and big enough. He dragged the rock out of the forest and to his car. Harry loaded the rock in his car and drove off.
He made her remove her visitor's pass. Then he did not let Anna in to see her husband. Anna was so sad not to see him, she cried.
She opened the bedroom door and saw a man in her house. She scolded him for breaking and entering. He had a guilty look on his face, but he grabbed Elizabeth anyway.
He told his parents exactly what he wanted. His parents went and bought him boots anyway for his birthday. Dominick was so disappointed to get boots.
She quietly told a joke when she returned from the bathroom. The class started laughing. The teacher kicked Courtney out of class.
Since everyone was blocking the area, his teammate didn't catch the ball. The ball bounced off of another player and went out of bounds. The judges announced the winners, which was us.
Alex was too shy to ask her out. But when he found out her attitude he lost his interest. Alex is a conservative type of guy.
Upon completion, his report was the best in the class! One day, Sid's brother came into the garage with a candle. He tripped over a wire and Sid's whole report went up in flames!
After a few minutes she cried again so  I strapped her into her car seat and drove around a bit. It helped quiet her down but only while driving. I wound up driving for hours.
He got to school on Wednesday and began reviewing his week. His classmates were turning in their projects. Zach then realized he'd never written down the due date and forgot about the project.
When they got to the park, mom went to get the lunch. It turned out that they had left the lunch at home. They went out to eat instead.
People began visiting it, because it was so cool looking. Some of the local jocks didn't like all the attention it was getting. They smashed it with sledgehammers when no one was around.
Randall sees people looking in the window at him. He buys blinds so he can get the best of both worlds. Randall feels happy his city view is there whenever he wants it.
Belatedly, Jason realized it was too late to make a dessert. He tried to get brownies at the store. It turned out to be closed though.
Everyone encouraged Mike, and his grades stayed high. As it turns out, he school just got its accreditation. Now Mike is glad he went to junior college.
Her boss agreed and gave her two weeks off in the middle of December. Marie thought about her options and decided to go to the beach. She booked a hotel room with an ocean view and had a blast.
She decided to take a class on public speaking. The class involved presenting speeches to classmates in small groups. Tanya became more confident that she could speak in public.
He went to his garden hose and sprayed himself to wash off. The water was too cold for Joe to handle so he stopped. When he was finally dry, Joe went inside.
He told me that it was comfortable, and he should buy one for himself. Since the sweater was already worn out, I told him to just keep mine. He immediately thanked me and gave me a hug.
Last summer he trained very hard to become better at it. At the last soccer game he cheered 3 goals. Because of his good cheering they won the game.
His Grandmother helped him find a jar to keep the lightning bugs in. Gus spent an hour catching the bugs and putting them in a jar. It was a night they would never forget.
We took all the kids out back with their bathing suits on. They quickly caught on to how the new slip and slide works. Everyone had fun.
He told me about an action thriller he read recently. I took his suggestion to heart and got the book. I'm still reading it but it's really good so far.
The drive to the doctor's office took 15 minutes. I listened to the radio while driving to the doctor's office. It was closed because I arrived at the office for my doctor's appointment 5 minutes early.
When she gets home, her dog eats the picnic food! Clara's mom tells Clara that she doesn't need a present anyways. The two spent Mother's Day having a picnic in the park when they get some new food to eat.
He had to climb the tree so he could get the rope over. He tied a seat to the rope. He then began to swing on the tree all afternoon.
She rushed to the back area where the food court was. She hurried to a food vendor, but then she gasped in shock. She saw that the place was overrun with mice!
To get ready for the day, I started by taking a shower and cleaning myself up. After bathing, I put my clothes on and headed out the door. Before i knew it, I was at my work.
Patty signed up to take a class on welding. The class was very helpful. Patty can weld very well now.
She would have ended up doing terribly. Becky would have been horrified, so she skipped class. Her teach was disappointed in Becky.
However, she took a huge pay cut when she did finally find one. Ashlea took a second job. Ashlea is now making twice her pay but rushing all the time.
But it wasn't enough. She remembered her aunt's old and ugly gold jewelry. She took the gold to a gold dealer and got a large check.
He realized that he couldn't draw a card. This is why he decided to buy one instead. His mother ended up loving it.
Shaylee decided to go out dancing and twisted her ankle. The doctors told her she would not be able to play softball this year. Shaylee sat on the bench for every game and cheered on her teammates.
He spent all day playing video games. Conan posted a fake earnings report on mturk grind. The other users thought he was bragging and paid him no mind.
As a result she asked her neighbor's if they could help with removal. They took her up on the offer and helped her. Kelly was happy to finally get free.
She corrected all the errors and returned the manuscript. Three days later she got a note from the author. The note thanked Anna for being such a great editor.
Sarah had a girlfriend. She brought her girlfriend to a family dinner. At the dinner, Sarah announced to her family she was dropped out.
She is quickly becoming stressed and begs her boss for a week off. Her boss didn't understand and made her work overtime for five days. The best part is that the company paid for Ashley's overtime.
The cake looked like it was frosted in toothpaste when she made do with what she had. She brought it to the party and people teased her. Luckily, they tried it and it tasted perfectly delicious.
He had no idea a tornado was predicted in his area. Basil prepared the house and yard for a tornado. Basil heard the storm approaching as he entered the storm cellar.
The weatherman was calling for snow when he went to bed. The next morning he woke up to snow on the ground. He had gotten his sled, too.
He wanted to experience a rainy day in Hawaii. He used all his savings to buy a ticket. Unfortunately in the end, it never rained.
The wind started to blow. The wind picked up the tarp they were using as a makeshift shelter. The tarp was ruined and the Jones had no more shelter.
He posted flyers around the neighborhood, but never heard anything about his bike. One morning, the bike was back in his garage. Tom suspects it was stolen.
Everyone was seated when suddenly a loud noise happened. A knock on the door was heard and everyone was frightened. Their neighbor had finally arrived!
He finds a turtle outside and decided he wanted to watch a documentary on them. After the documentary he goes on a walk. Rex feels much less bored now.
In college he dreamed of playing again, but focused on his studying medicine instead. Dan decided he wanted to become a doctor. After graduation Dan went on to medical school instead of the NHL.
Tara ignored them all night. At the end of the night, Tara had a realization. She never really cared for the people she went to highschool with.
Sonya was in great shape and was going to enter a race until this happened. The day of the race came and she was so sad. She went to watch a friend run in it and the friend finished first.
When he went to enlist, the physical found a defect in his eyes. The Navy told Abe it was enough to stop him from joining. Abe did not enlist and did not become a productive member of the armed services.
I didn't give her a tip. In return, she gave me a annoying look. We happened to be annoyed by each other.
I sprayed it out with Raid but didn't like that solution. Instead I got some mothballs and put them in the corners. The fort is free from spiders and webs and the kids are disappointed.
The rain finally ended and Sally wanted a fire. John began starting a fire. John successfully started a fire.
When she couldn't find it she went to the playground and accused a girl of taking her watch. Her friends all told her that was unlikely but she was still upset. The accused girl ran from the playground crying.
In her seldom spare time, she visited the libraries and historical places. Brenda spent many years on her family tree, when she could. She finally traced her family back to the biblical times.
The rainy came down even harder. It was almost impossible to see. I couldn't see any cars  in front of me.
Lester decides to stop at a grocery store to get dinner. He eats two delicious pork tacos when he gets home. Lester feels grateful to have good grocery stores in his neighborhood.
Her sisters came in the room as she pulled them from the oven. She only had enough to make 12. She hadn't considered she would have to share with her family.
Lot's of people called David to offer him their assistance. A nurse brought his father some food. David would come back home from the hospital at night.
She had just gotten out of the hospital and now is on medication. She was feeling anxious again and had to see a doctor. Luckily she got better and did not have to be committed.
She went into the kitchen to help her mom. Her mom couldn't find any lunch meat. She decided it was time to go to bed.
They had made a bunch of money. Minutes later it started to rain so they had to go inside. They were lucky to sell the lemonade before the rain started.
The library closed because there was no money. Nora went back to the old location. The building has nothing for Nora to do now.
She have a sharp memory. She reminisced every single day of our childhood. We got emotional to grandma's stories.
I was skeptical but I agreed. We went to a diner and bought two hotdogs. They were delicious and I ordered another one!
She decided to dress herself. She got everything together. She ended up wearing a rabbit costume.
Bob looked inside his pocket to check his wallet. He found it. He started doing his shopping.
This always helps her to fall asleep. Laura fell asleep before her mother got to bring her the water. Laura slept all night.
Ken rest a little and walked around. He decided to eat lunch at the park. Ken was happy to spend the day walking at the park.
Jimmy was excited. They attended the concert together. Jimmy had one of the best times of his life.
For the first few days we had avoided the outdoors because of the heat. Finally, we decided to give it a try. We found out it was actually quite nice and enjoyed it.
I parked and walked onto the porch. I opened the window. A raccoon ran out of the window, and gave me quite a scare.
He decided to sneak into the kitchen to make a bag for his brother. He accidentally burned the popcorn! A remorseful Mike realized that everyone could smell what he had done.
Jason had a large fish on his line! After a long battle, Jason pulled the fish into the boat! Jason's family enjoyed eating his catch!
So finally Bill agrees to lock the dog in the backyard when the mailman comes. Bill's mailman is thankful. Bill has no issues after that.
Five Years later Ari's family gave him a surprise. They told him his pen pal was coming to visit in person. Ari was confused as to why his pen pal was visiting.
He didn't like what he saw. It turned out the mirror was dirty. He cleaned it and he looked great.
Fortunately he was too busy and can't go. So I get to go instead. I'm happy that his dad had to work.
One of the kids said that it was honeysuckle and tasted it. Camilla thought it was a trick but she tried a taste. To her surprise, it was sweet like honey.
No one found her, and she tried to get out of her spot. She realized that the door was stuck shut. She yelled until someone came to help her out.
After a few sessions his teacher became frustrated. Matt liked playing music by piano instead of by guitar. His mom said no more lessons knowing Matt could already play piano!
I drove to the nearest KFC. I got out of my car and walked inside. I bought one bucket of chicken.
Bob tried to help, but realized Ricky was too far behind. He signed Ricky up with a tutor and arranged for summer school. After a little extra effort, Ricky was back on track and doing well.
That night I ate way too much cake! Eating so much cake gave me such a belly ache! Next time I will make sure not to eat so much cake !
A friend provided her the money she needed. She can now afford dentures. I think she will feel better when she gets her dentures.
One day, another boy tried to get him to be upset. The boy picked on Connor and made fun of him, but this time it didn't work. Connor stayed happy because he didn't want to let people ruin his great attitude anymore.
She was very happy to see a friend in the class with her, so she became less nervous. They danced and twirled around for an hour. She cannot wait to return next week.
I had finally gone to the doctor to get a diagnosis. After tests were run, I found out about the cancer. I was every scared and nervous to have the cancer.
I had left a bag in the backseat of my car when I went into the school. When I came out the back window was broken and my bag was gone. Whoever took the bag left it on the ground across the street.
Jim picked out a toy that cost 21 dollars and fifty cents. When he got to the register, they wanted 22 dollars and ten cents! Jim had forgotten about tax, luckily a nice man gave him a dime.
One afternoon, he got a little too close to a lizard The lizard became threatened and lunged at Rendel! He retreated and ran to his jeep, driving away scarily.
She didn't study that's why she felt nervous. Luckily when she got it back she got a B grade. She sighed in relief.
She was extremely excited. She immediately purchased it and was very happy. She felt she could not go wrong this purchase.
All of a sudden the pot was burning. The plastic handles on Mark's pot had caught fire! He singed his hands and had to get a new pot.
They decided to record her phone calls. She was so angry. Karen grounded her kids.
She went to her friend's turtle, Elmer, and marked him with chalk. Elmer won his race! Wendy was so excited to write of his victory to her mother and father.
One day the check engine light flashed. She took it to the shop to see what was wrong. Jen's car had no oil and continue to run perfectly aftewards.
She got to where they chopped wood, and there was already a pile of wood. She grabbed a few logs. Then, she drove back and brought them inside.
A Hula hoop contest had Lisa very excited. Without telling Lisa, Mary took lessons. Lisa was shocked when Mary entered the contest and beat her!
Thalia and Janice spend the whole afternoon on the swing set. Thalia has so much fun that she asks her father if they can get one. Thalia would love to have a swing set just like Janice has.
Although he was able to stand he got bruises. Dan tried running after him before he cries. He managed to comfort the baby within minutes.
One day she was being bullied. She decided to yell back at the bullies. They never picked on her again.
She found an empty seat and just sat there instead. A puck made its way over the glass and into Chloe's lap. Chloe's team won and she took home an extra souvenir!
One day she tried to heat up her food and it wouldn't come on. She tried everything but the microwave no longer worked. Amy felt sure her roommate had not broken it.
She realized that it wasn't anywhere in the car. She had to drive all the way back home. Then, she was able to get her shopping list and get back to the store.
A week later she called them for an interview. They set it up for 2 days later. She was certain the interview would go well.
He was not strong enough to hold his jacket down. The jacket flew away. Kurt felt the cold rain come upon him without the jacket.
George seemed to be buying it. George knew the entire time that it was Tom Tom was disappointed and decided to come up with a new prank.
Then he went from stop to stop, traveling alone. He learned so much about Turkish history. Neil really loved his tour through Istanbul!
Her mother did not believe it when Jessie finally got in touch. Jessie rarely said nice things to her mom. Jessie decided to be be nicer in the future.
Until one day my friend threw it over my neighbor's fence. I thought he'd be mad! Instead, he came over and played with us!
I was feeling adventurous so I put burger meat on my waffle. It tasted nasty. I realized I should stick to making waffles in a normal fashion.
But later in an intense match he accidentally cursed out his opponent. His opponent reported him. Bob was banned from playing for a week.
Everyone came to help with the bake sale the next week though. Their customers were very generous because they did such good work. Tori's school club raised all the money they needed, and then some.
His dad said Luc needed an engine. Luc didn't have to pay for repairs as his dad did the work. Afterwards, his car ran fine again!
Casey decided to make a trip to the store. He bought a case of soda. Casey now has soda to last him a week.
She was disappointed. Finally she decided to try again next time. Kelly went home sad.
But Rita had shared with Mary Gina's displeasure. Now Mary was upset with Gina. But Gina couldn't have cared less.
Eventually, I needed to hire an assistant. I conducted some interviews. Alas, I couldn't decide who to hire.
She came in the class and said hello to all of the students. Everything went smoothly. She was very happy.
Sam slammed into the back of a deer. There wasn't much damage but Sam's insurance went up. He learned to not speed as much.
She went to the linen closet. She got another blanket and comforter. She felt warmer with the additional bedding.
He put the frame together very quickly, but was stuck. He looked online for the rest of the instructions. To his son's surprise, he put the bed together before he woke up the next day.
The doctor thought my husband was lucky. He had cactus thorns in his face from the fall. My husband took him home and he is now still our best friend!
She fed the other fish special food to help them be healthy. The other fish grew, crowding the fish tank. Elizabeth had to give one of the fish away to a new home.
He didn't know what to do! Fortunately he had a AAA membership. They were there within 30 minutes to fix his windshield.
Then she had another idea. She cut the top off an old baseball cap. She ended up with a cool new visor, for free!
He worked for months and kept hundreds of dollars in the savings account. One day, someone broke into Sam's house. Sam was devastated when he came home to a stolen debit card and his accounts were compromised.
Once they arrived, Lisa told him she loved boys who dance. Dave danced with Lisa and left their classmates in awe. Lisa gave him a kiss, and Dave was proud of his dancing skills.
When they're all clean, she picks them up. When they're dirty again, Aurelia takes them to the cleaners again. She is always happy to have clean shirts again.
So, of course, the police got wind of it. They showed up at John's door to investigate. When they found the plants, they placed John under arrest.
After some Internet research, Ken realized it was going to be a lot of work. He decided to try an Italian place he had never been to instead of cooking. He was happy to find it was even better than his former favorite.
The company first told me to check the Plug. Someone had pulled it out by accident. We plugged it back in and it's working fine now, and the repair person had a good laugh over the phone about it.
I decided to hold. The friend turned over his cards. He had 17 points and I won.
Carlos's mom said don't worry baby you are safe and sound here inside. Carlos Cuddled up next to his mom and she told him stories. Carlos felt much safer next to his mom and they awaited it to pass and for his prayers to be answered.
He decided to be invest heavily in the the market. To his delight he was correct and the market did well, Ricky couldn't have been happier as he made a lot of money.
Her fingers trembled as she began to play her piece with her dog sitting by her. Stephanie began to forget the song in the middle of her performance. She skipped that portion and successfully finished the song.
She sat her desk replaying the moment in her head. She couldn't focus on a thing the teacher was saying. She felt as if she were in the clouds from him smiling at her.
While Zack waited at a bus stop one day, he saw a bike with no lock. So he grabbed it and took in on the bus with him. When Zack's son got the bike for his birthday, he was ecstatic, but he felt guilty for stealing the other bike.
When the whistle blew, we both took off. I was not as fast, but I was pretty quick. I finished second in the race.
They all looked at the tofu in horror. Her daughter tasted it, and spit it out. One by one they all threw it in the trash.
When she arrived to her class, the teacher introduced her to everyone. They all greeted her kindly. Penny was relieved that she knew a few people in the class.
Sue was always teaching her dog neat tricks. She decided to enter her dog into a dog pageant. Sue's dog took the first place prize home.
She kept ignoring things that she didn't need. She asked her parents for help budgeting too. She ended up developing better spending habits.
He wasn't very good at it. The only magic in his life was making women disappear. Girls really didn't like Mark.
There were many different kinds of whales to watch, but Tom decided to change jobs. After finding a new job with dolphins, at the end of every day, Tom would go to bed a happy man. Tom loved his job now.
Her husband Dave surprised her with a bunch of gifts. Donna enjoys them all. She is now more prepared than ever to be a less stressful mom.
Will opened a beer and laid down on his belongings. A cop pulled up and told him he couldn't drink in public. Will went to jail and cried at his misfortune.
Shortly after meeting them he was sent overseas by the military. Marvin was very lonely for the entire time that he was away. Upon his return Marvin was elated.
Kim then begged her mother if she could go with her friend Beth. Her mother hesitated, then changed her mind and agreed. Kim called Beth excitedly to giver her the news.
He spent three months on his project and his eagerness is now boiling over. He is convinced he will place but is still nervous. Jim won first place and will advance to regionals.
Her sister loved the watch. The girls both held and admired it. The girls loved the watch as much as they loved their matching necklaces.
I actually vomited because of the smell. I put the potato on a garbage bag. I quickly disposed the rotten potato and my house is no longer smelling foul.
One day, Eddie met a quiet kid he tried to bully. As soon as he walked up to the kid, Eddie hit him. After being beaten for the first time, the kid learned not to bully.
He chugged a cup of coffee. The baker still fell asleep while at the important meeting. Afterwards, he was so tired that he had to take the rest of the day off.
He it on credit. He works for a week to pay off the crib. James has finally paid off the crib.
She asked her mom to take her to the store. Unfortunately, the new game that she wanted was a bit too expensive. Then, her mom offered to pay the extra amount.
Josh accepted the  challenge. It was finally aired on the news that cigarettes were bad for everyone Josh patted himself on the back for making a good decision.
One day Gil was cleaning out his office. His hand accidentally bumped the mug and it fell to the ground. The mug smashed into hundreds of pieces.
After years passed, Jermaine got successful. The girl still wanted him. He proposed to her.
I was getting tired of supervising him while he was outside. I decided to buy him a crate. Now, he could play inside without eating grass.
But the week before, she received three party invitations! Linda had to juggle all three parties in one weekend. She spent her holiday very busy, and very happy, after all!
Upon inspection, I realized it was an escaped prisoner. I called the police. They awarded my dog with a medal of gratitude!
He had 3 more to pass. He was almost there. Sam was near the finish line.
As time went by she regretted her decision. One year I bought her a smaller ring. She was happy.
To his surprise the police arrested him. They told him that he needed to go down to the station. At the station was his long lost sister he hadn't seen in 10 years.
He never worked and did nothing to start his new venture. His family was worried that he was not working enough and was too lazy. But after a couple years, they moved to their home country in Brazil.
Thinking of fantasies and nonsense. Eventually she was medicated. Now she does better in class and doesn't fantasize.
Val tried to steer into the space between two parked cars. The two cars were too close together. This was not enough space for Val's car to park in.
As he tried to contact his girlfriend, she did not respond to him. She also said no word when they met in person. Therefore, Ian tried to apologize for his actions.
And put on his winter boots. He even put on a pair of snow leggings to protect his legs. He ran out the door but didn't actually have one thing, a pair of gloves.
John was nervous because he didn't know anyone. He stayed home and never met a number of nice people. John had a great time at home.
Finally, he asked his mom to drive them to the dance. She was looking for something to do too so she said yes! At the end, they both had a wonderful time at the dance.
Larry accidentally popped the balloon. Both Larry and the cat freaked out. Larry laughed about the whole thing.
Today there was a bike race on the river trail. He didn't realize it until a biker almost hit him! John walked back home, feeling lucky.
A man at the gym told me bench press is bad for your shoulders. I decided to do military press instead. My shoulders stopped hurting!
There was a war and harry was not in the middle of it. He ended up not  beating the enemy. Everyone was angry.
Then, Molly's mother told her about a robbery at the store. Molly thought about the coins at Lost and Found. She told the police and got a reward from the owner.
Ray decided not to help anymore and sulked instead. His dad realized it was important to Ray to have free time and felt badly. He arranged special projects for them to work on together, but didn't expect as much from Ray.
Bob had the chance to become a CEO. Bob answered all the questions correctly. Bob is now the richest person in his town.
I knew I'd lose my benefits if I didn't work. Now I have to prove that I work 20 hours per week. Overall this is a drag.
Sarah did not want to be left out of the big snorkeling day. But she could not face her fears and dive into the water! Looking back, Sarah wondered what she ever was afraid of.
We went over a massive waterfall. Which made me get flung out. I hit a rock and cried.
At the end of the day we had a heavy thunderstorm. My wife was very calm as I drove home. We got home safely.
A couple hours later Sara remembered the dog and let him out. She noticed the gate was open. Sara rushed to close the gate before the dog noticed.
He then  a got rid of the sixth wine glass and was struggling. The crowd cheered him on, which impacted his concentration. The man flinched and then it began to rain wine glasses on everyone.
Erica didn't like some of the people that she ran into though. Erica left the bar after a short time. She doesn't go to that bar anymore cause the bad outweighs the good there.
When she arrived she saw that everything was clean. The best part was he also went grocery shopping. Her husband was very thoughtful.
Then the door to the office opened. And her heart began to race. She stood confidently waiting to hear her name called.
He was happy he didn't lose everything he owned. He knew it would have taken a long time to get it all back. He was lucky his family made it out alive.
Her mother had to just buy an apple pie. The family had it for dinner that night. It was delicious!
She started tumbling lessons. Two years later at tryouts it went much better. She easily made the team.
Bobby scarfed the burgers as quickly as possible, and finished 12. He was awarded first prize, and received a large and shiny medal. But he didn't get to enjoy it long - he threw up almost immediately.
The radio said the band's concert was postponed. When I go to their website, I found out the news was true. My girlfriend and I were disappointed.
Jeremy considered a few bowls. He knew both were around the same price. Jeremy picked the less expensive bowl.
The yard was infested with ants. This however was a great analogy for how he felt in life. Preparing himself he stepped on the ants and took a deep breath.
His friend agreed to help. He kept asking for more. His friend ended up refusing eventually.
At first grandma refused. Finally she let Lucy play video games. Lucy occupied herself for hours playing the games.
Slowly, she recovered in the hospital. Paige prayed again, thanking God. She knew it was divine providence that she made it out alive.
In poor spirits he informed me that he also lost his job. I confess, though, it still makes me very uneasy. The way he cried and looked at the floorboards as he said it.
She tried her best to stay positive. Then she finally got a call back from one interviewer. Suzy was offered the job as a bank teller!
She put eggs, milk, bread, and cheese into her cart. She clicked the checkout button and paid for all her food. She ordered enough food for the week.
He got the job offer last week. He needed a driver's license and had one. Joe likes his new job.
They took an Uber to meet me in the city for a while. I showed them the fun things in the city. When they left I was sad.
Jill and James decided to try counseling. They set up a time and went every week. Jill still felt the same way afterwards and they divorced.
He took her into the living room where a new luggage bag was placed. Ellie was so happy with her birthday present! She had always wanted to go to Spain.
She drove by herself to Las Vegas. The car drove perfect, and the people were friendly. When she arrived she calls her very indifferent mother.
Andrew finally had to say it in front of his wife. He was nervous. She loved it.
One day she was about to perform but had no voice. She tried everything but couldn't recover it. She couldn't overcome this and ended up not performing.
Todd went down to the concierge and asked for assistance. The concierge gave Todd a power adapter to use. Todd went back to his room and was able to charge his phone.
Everyone thought she would never smile. One day Tim tripped and fell. Jane ended up laughing really hard.
One day her 8AM student didn't show. Jane was grateful for the break and took it as a chance to relax and have a little change in her morning routine. Jane spent the morning sipping coffee and reading a book.
The wedding coordinator carefully sprinkled the petals before the wedding. The aisle was perfect for the bride. She had done a good job!
Recently, Alan moved to Washington DC for a new job. Within a week the city got an unprecedented two feet of snow. Alan was overjoyed to experience another snow storm.
She complained to her mother about what happened! Her mother listened quietly and promised to buy her a new one. The next morning, she gave Lucy a brand new dress!
But first, I had to find some. I went to my kitchen cabinets and began looking. By the end of the minute, I had found the mac and cheese.
When she got them, she tried them on. They fit perfectly. Kelly wanted to buy more.
He hired a maid to help clean his house. The maid cleaned his house for hours. Joe tipped her really well for doing such an excellent job.
Amy did well at her interview. The manager thought she would fit in great. Amy was pleased to have gotten this opportunity.
Last night when he was at the bar a girl came in. Luke fell in love instantly. He had asked her to dance with him and she said no.
She has already had 5 sales. All the girls are jealous of her sales. She is ready to keep on killing it.
Andrew will be in a cast for three months. His cousin felt so bad for breaking Andrew's leg. He offered to drive Andrew around for three months.
I watched all of the movie. When I were done, I sorted went home. I hung up my jacket in my closet.
She wanted to wash her new clothes before wearing them so she finishes her laundry just before the laundromat closes. When she gets home, Aurelia feels exhausted and ready for bed. However, she is very happy that she cleaned her clothes.
I was chosen to move to Japan. I loved Japan! I decided to stay in Japan and teach English.
He was broke and felt extremely unlucky! He couldn't play blackjack and win his money back. He went home because he ended up losing everything.
Gina realized it was going to take a while. She couldn't back her car up to leave the traffic because more cars came behind her. She was upset, but there was nothing else she could do but wait.
The family had lots of food though. They had a big BBQ cookout. At night they sat around a fire pit and watched other people's fireworks.
She realize all the other kids were doing the same She realized everyone was from her elementary school Amy began to relax and enjoy her day.
She wrote a small poem in the card. Sandy secretly placed the card in his mail box at work. Sandy was delighted to see the smile on his face when he got the card.
He felt that his client was pretty much guilty. The lawyer closed the book and put it aside. He called the client and told him he quit.
It was very hard for them to have dates. They spent a lot of time on the phone with each other. Michael saved up some money and bought a car so they could date more.
The magazine was so good I took a subscription card from it. I filled it out after I left and mailed it in. Two weeks later I got my first issue in the mail.
She took a photo of the garage and the setting sun. On the way back in, she saw the sunset and took a photo. Betsy loved her new camera!
My wife went to the bed and sat down. She put her phone down. Then she went to sleep right there.
In addition, his throat started to close up and he had difficulty breathing. I ran in his house to get his epi pen. I missed work the next morning since I was still at the hospital with my friend.
One day Tim decided to do the dishes. His parents were happy because he helped out. His parents gave him some money to spend that weekend.
When Abe got there he knew he'd made a good decision. He was very happy to be home and not around strangers. Abe felt much better about himself as he was surrounded by family.
He waited all week to hear back from the company. Finally, on Friday, he received a phone call. He had gotten the job, but it didn't pay enough.
Afterwards, she teased him that she had been in his room. Before he could get mad, she told him she left a surprise in this room. The boyfriend spent hours looking for the surprise that didn't really exist.
Lately, poor quality downloads had really started to bother him. He saved up his money and started buying movies legitimately. Several months later, he had built an impressive movie library.
Pam's family loves to shop. I saw Pam on the auction website just this afternoon. She was fighting with an old lady over the last pair of snow boots.
His mother was very pleased with the breakfast. After eating, his mother took the tray to the kitchen and saw the mess. His mother simply smiled and cleaned up the mess.
One day, a girl found him in the woods. She started talking to him and wouldn't stop. Henry abandoned his box car and moved back home with his Mom.
Her teacher has nominated her to run for Class President because of her grades. Grace decides to talk to her parents regarding her decision. The next day Grace tells her teacher she will run for president.
Thinking about the coming  spring made him feel sad and depressed. He then thought of something which made his grief disappear. It was only January and spring was not yet on its way!
He went looking for food in his bowl. There was no food in the bowl! The dog tried to get his owners attention to feed him.
She went home to show off her new hair color. Her hair stylist had done a great job. Mary's hair went from brown to blonde.
He took a train there and saw all the music halls. He learned about the history of Austrian musicians. Neil thought Innsbruck was the most musical city on earth!
Amanda wished she would have kneaded the dough after mixing the ingredients. She then would have added toppings to the dough. Amanda would have served the pizza to her friends after it was done.
He would have loved to see a large sand shark! Curtis didn't get to take any pictures of fish. When he was done he said that he would go snorkeling again very soon.
He remembered that he had not sent them, so he quickly did. Morty lived in fear of a late penalty. Morty was later assessed a late penalty.
The next morning there were three mice in the trap. She carefully set them free outside That night the mice came back inside!
Ora ignored him and kept chatting and playing. The teacher gave Ora detention! Ora glumly wished she had stopped when asked.
Tim decided to go ahead and leave campus for lunch. However, Tim was disappointed. It turns out he didn't have time to get food before class.
His mother said he should have some chicken noodle soup. Bob felt good after eating the soup. Bob thanked his mother afterwards.
He had been training to race in a tournament in a month. The day of the race finally came and Charlie was despondent. Charlie's car could not race, leaving him out of the race.
The extra weight was melting off of him slowly but consistently. All of Jose's clothes were now baggy on his body. Jose had to go shopping and buy a new wardrobe.
After a week they became best friends. This new friend was so kind. Gina liked his kindness, so they became best friends right away.
Her brother was in the basement, and hadn't heard her. An hour later her brother was worried when he couldn't find her. An hour later Amy called and her brother finally calmed down.
He decided to try Jordan's laceless shoes. He hated not having to tie his shoes. He never bought shoes without laces again.
Then she decided to make an online store. She received more traffic than she imagined. She now has a successful online store.
He spent all his extra time studying at the library. His family eventually decided to pay for service at home. Greg caught up on homework and his grade improved.
He doesn't usually need all the sugar but likes the caffeine. He decided to switch to drink energy drinks on his route. It works just fine and he is more productive than ever.
His professor wasn't amused and sent him to see the Dean. The Dean told Bob he had some real talent. He helped Bob enroll in an art class to nurture it.
She finds endless relaxation away from a social network. Vera decides that connections are all overrated. She starts looking for meaning.
She kept trying to jump off the bed. I bought her down onto the floor so she couldn't jump down. She stopped trying to jump and her shoulder looked good.
He woke up when a roach crawled across his face. Erin reached for the bug spray in his cupboard. By the time he came back, the bug had escaped.
She would wait to hear the car door close. She would run to the kitchen and pour two glasses of milk. Then her dad would come in and they would have some pie.
He walked right up and asked Megan to go out with him that weekend. Megan smiled and said yes! Ben was glad he had the confidence to ask.
He plays with the kitten everyday. He teaches his kitten tricks and how to play with yarn. Sam loves his kitten.
Since it was too expensive, Wendy found lemons in the refrigerator and cut them for her skin. The lemons only made Wendy's skin sting. The next day, Wendy's mom scolded her for wasting lemons.
Wally ended up tapping a vehicle and wally was at fault. Wally felt really bad and apologized to the other driver. No one was hurt but Wally was much more careful in the winter.
I spent the entire off season working on cricket then. I would do sprints almost every day. The following year I made the cricket team instead of soccer.
Pat has a girlfriend at school. They fought whenever Charlie picked up at Pat. Pat ended as his new girlfriend.
He ended up kissing me for hours. I got to stay there for two more days, then I had to leave. I went home and couldn't wait to go back.
The barber told him it would usually cost $50 for it all. The man insisted on paying him the money and demanded the barber's own hair, too. The barber thought it was far and shaved head head on the spot.
He sat them down at his desk. He came back and they were gone. After searching, he realized they simply fell on the ground.
Before he took a glance,the light turned green. Jay was surprised and people began honking. Jay finally realized they were honking at him and decided to drive on.
He was number eight hundred and they were calling number four hundred. Jason left and went to a restaurant. When he came back the security officer wouldn't let him back in to pay his registration.
She was nervous. They called out the first runner up. Then they announced her as Miss California.
They looked amazing. If I had broke my nail I would have been sad. I would have had to glue it together.
She was furious when she got a zero on the paper. The teacher told her it was because she did not finish it. Melissa had to finish it.
She got mad and immediately grabbed her foot. He ran away from her since she called out in pain. He managed to hide from her.
Sentence 3: Surprisingly, her contractions began progressing quickly. Sentence 4: She rushed to the hospital and got some medicine. Sentence 5: Before she could wrap her head around it, her baby was born.
Buttons was getting bigger and more swollen. One day, Buttons was moaning and groaning loudly. Buttons's new owners walked in to discover Buttons having a litter of puppies!
Shelby's friend isn't paying enough attention and she crashes into a ditch. Everyone survives, but Shelby has to pay to fix her car. Her parents take her car away and Shelby is depressed.
He decided to stay up all night and cram. He kept falling asleep so he drank coffee. He was able to stay awake and study!
One day his friends offer him some to try. It was a new low salt kind. Arnold accepted a bite and he liked it.
One day a little boy was on the swing. Amber offered to push him. Amber's mom told her that it was nice of her to help.
She was stuck behind numerous cars. No one was moving. Finally after a couple of songs, she didn't mind the traffic anymore.
Jack found out his mother was cooking tacos. Jack was hungry and very happy that tacos were being cooked. Jack ate all the tacos his mother cooked for him.
Emily was on a roll. She finished her essay with plenty of time. Emily's mother, seeing she was finished, forced her to finish her chores.
She was in a hurry and all of a sudden, she was wet and laying on the ground. She had fallen into a big puddle. Her clothes were soaked so she sat through class dripping wet.
The only bad thing was that I missed my friend. Finally my friend found a way to follow us. All in all the trip was good.
Although there was no mixing and measuring of ingredients, taking the batter out of the tube was messy. There was very little to clean up afterwards except for her hands. Gina wasn't sure if this was the way she would make cookies from now on.
She put two hot dogs on the grill. They exploded and turned black from being on the grill for too long. Sarah had to clean up the mess on her grill afterwards
She fidgeted in her bed and finally fell asleep. Allison dreamed of running to her parents room and jumped on her father. She was watching television, while her father snored on the couch.
All of Jason's friend showed up at the party. Jason began opening up the presents. He discovered a brand new Playstation 4 but as he was unwrapping it he realized that he was still asleep and was dreaming.
He noticed the robot shop was advertising for summer help. Daniel got a job there as a part time assistant. He was excited to be around robots almost all the time.
It was recess and she was hoping to see him. After 20 minutes she thought he hadn't come outside. Finally she spotted him watching the boys playing basketball.
He didn't care who's they were and threw them out. His roommate asked everyone where his strawberries were. Everyone knew it was him that threw them out but nobody confronted him about it.
She got it when she had gained twenty pounds from eating them. She always stopped at one bag She wouldn't gained another weight.
It's because she saw a man pouring all different colors of dye in the fountain. The water turned murky, and the cops came and arrested him. The cops took him away, and Reese went home.
Kim and a friend both found the same guy attractive. Since the friend had a husband Kim figured she would get the date. The friend went off on a date with the guy without telling anyone.
The manager sent a memo thanking us for giving him and his kids a great time. I wrote an article which was published in the local paper. The manager sent thanks from him and his kids again.
Billy looked out the window sad. The snow was gone. School would not be cancelled.
Cora could not enter the casino. Cora's friends did not want to wait for her. Cora went back to the hotel alone.
But, at the art store, he bought large canvases, brushes, and acrylics. He taught his horse to hold the brush in his mouth by the handle. David hung his horses masterpieces all over the barn.
Her mom and sisters helped her get dressed. Jane had to borrow a necklace from her mom! She was comfortable all night!
She rinsed the rice before she cooked it. She added cheese and butter to the pan with the rice. She cooked it all in the oven and the family loved it.
Jackson now has an entire weekend to himself without the project of cleaning it. It would have been very hard work. Once the weekend is done, Jackson still has a filthy carpet.
She got to work early. Sue parked too close to another car. Sue's car was scraped due to this.
He saw something that he liked. He found it in an antique shop. He found a lovely vintage necklace for his mother.
He was about to leave but suddenly the dog was gone when he turned around. He wondered where his dog could be and began to call for him. His dog ran out from behind a tree and the two played.
He arrived at the machine and put three dollars into the slot. The machine took his money but gave him the wrong item. Now he really hated this place!
If a player is not checkmated the one who runs out of time loses. I sometimes avoid checkmate but better players beat me on time. I still enjoy this aspect of speed chess.
Peter knew that chocolate was bad for dogs, so he panicked and rushed the dog to the vet. The vet said the dog was going to be okay. Now Peter watches what food he leaves around.
The family rarely left the house. They kept most of the curtains pulled shut. Gina could only imagine how dark that house must have been.
Mia told the her mom that she wanted to try a new shorter style. When she went to the salon later, the hairdresser cut Mia's long hair up to her shoulders. Mia loved her new haircut.
They all walked around the halls. Then they went to a burger place. It was a fun time.
She told me that she had no money. I became extremely angry and ran to my room. She never apologized for being dishonest to me.
John wanted to feel more relaxed. He cut down to one drink a week. His nerves are now a lot calmer.
After a few minutes, her hand began to itch. She went to her mom and ended up shaking off the lady bug. She needed no medication to treat the condition.
He slipped and dropped his turtle. The box broke open. Howard's turtle Howard was ok however.
He loved to text her during the day. She felt good when he text her. He decided to text her more often.
He got so drunk. He started to spill his drinks on the girls. Finally, we were kicked out of the bar.
He used his eye socket to hide seeds. Sinclair was the best gardener in Boston. Until one day he had a heart attack and died.
Dana tried to look for ways. Dana did not end up switching program. Dana decided to pursue computer science instead.
He knew that on the other line would be the same telemarketer from yesterday. He remembered getting furious and screaming at the telemarketer to never call again. The telemarketer didn't care and called again during his dinner with his girlfriend.
Halfway through the trip, though, a man started talking to him. He was nice enough but didn't realize that Tyler wasn't listening. Defeated, he got off at the next stop.
He did not have any close calls. He waited to pull off when the light turned greed. An officer did not pull him over because he was cautious.
However, he didn't bother to listen to her complaints. Instead, he yelled at her. She immediately walked away a second time.
He called a friend who came to the pond to hang out with him. When the friend got to the pond they drank beers and chatted for hours. When it was too late to fish anymore, Dan drove home.
For her birthday she got a drum set as a gift from her aunt. She played it all the time. Her parents really regretted inviting her aunt to her birthday.
They came to have dinner in the store. It was very thoughtful, and he invited his coworkers to eat too. Black Friday was a different story, though.
Ray had problems paying his mortgage. Ray soon had to sale his house. It didn't sell as quickly as he liked, therefore it was repossessed.
A neighbor noticed Hope singing in the yard. A couple days later there was an envelope stuck in the door frame. On December 15th Hope is singing in the Christmas Opera.
When Sherry's parents heard the news they were elated. Sherry was very excited and could not believe this was happening. Sherry could not believe she was going to be a wife.
He found a safer neighborhood with no thieves. Reed's neighbors were friendly. They encouraged Reed to run for Township Supervisor
But when she used it to grind coffee beans, it did not work well. And it took over 10 minutes for her to grind enough coffee beans. Sarah ended up buying a new electric grinder.
As they drove she stared out the window. It was a gray day, and people looked somber as they walked about. Gina thought it looked as if they were as sad as she was.
Eventually Dave grew up and forged his own path in life. Dave became a doctor after many year's of hard work. Dave's brother now looks up to him.
It was a short walk to the beach. I took my sneakers off and started walking on the sand. The feeling of sand between my toes was great.
He wore a jacket with a logo of a company he did business with. A representative from that company was also in Safeway. He walked up to Charles and asked him what did he do for work?
One day some kids knocked on his door for candy. He answered in costume and scared them away. He bought candy for weeks later because he didn't want Halloween to end.
Sarah decided she should have gone grocery shopping first. After grocery shopping, Sarah returned to her home. Sarah decided to take another nap since she was done with grocery shopping.
Every time Rowan threw the ball to Harper, Harper would catch it. Then Rowan realized Harper was very sleepy. They both decided to go back inside and have a nap instead.
Fall was just around the corner. Unfortunately, Fall would be humid and sticky. I realized that Spring was my favorite season.
Someone was sitting close behind her. She got nervous and switched seats. Then, she got off at the next stop.
He could not afford a new one. Tim wanted to cry. Then, a rich man saw him crying and bought a suit for Tim.
Julie handed her some pretend plastic coins. The woman smiled, and gave her a dime back for change. Julie skipped away happily, and the woman smiled.
She decided to join a group that was going to climb two small cliffs at the beach. Maeve was nervous to climb her first real cliff. She managed to climb them both, though, and felt quite proud!
Her alarm did not sound in the morning. Samantha overslept by several hours. Samantha thought her alarm clock was broken and threw it out.
They called it fake balling. They developed their basketball skills well. Todd went on to be a professional basketball player.
Tim goes on to become a successful millionaire. Twenty years later, on a return visit home, Tim stops at McDonalds. He can't help but smile at Brian when he takes his order.
Gina brought out chips and dip to share. Other kids went home to bring different music to play and other decorations. Now they were having a good time, they danced and partied until it was time to go inside.
She went to get more coffee, and fell. After picking up the iPad, Nicole realized the screen was cracked. She decided to take it to the store and see if it could be fixed.
It ended up being a foul. The umpire told me to walk it. It turned into a run and my team won the game.
Carrie asked Kristi if she wanted to go sailing. Kristi had never been sailing but was happy to get the chance to go. Kristi had so much fun that day that she is now saving for a sailboat.
John stayed healthy through his life. His hair fell out eventually, but he never got sick. John lived 50 more years.
One day, a bus ran over her bike. This made her very unhappy. Sue decided to carpool with her friend to work moving forward.
She wore her leggings anyway, even though people said no. Many of her fellow tap dancers loved her leggings. Ellen decided to wear whatever she wanted in the future.
Sandra got tutoring help from Ben and studied every night to prepare. On the day of the test, Sandra was nervous. Her hard work paid off and she got a B+ on the test.
Leah had planned some fun activities for the day. However, since the roads cleared, she decided she would go to school. She was upset.
Mary decided to take a day off from work She spent the day spring cleaning her house, scrubbing everything. Now that it's clean, Mary is much more comfortable.
She found him in the break room watching TV when they were supposed to be working on a project. Jane launched a rant of fury on the co-worker. She stormed out of the break room ignoring his pathetic apologies.
She wanted to make chicken balsamico and some spinach. Rebecca tried diligently to use her special spoon but gave up. She fumed to herself as she ordered take-out food.
After procrastinating for a few hours, I started to fall asleep. When I woke up, my friend texted me. My class recently started and he asked why I wasn't there.
Once there it began to rainy so heavily that fishing was impossible! Having no shelter from the weather, they went to home early. There were clear skies at sunrise, meaning they would have been free to fish all day!
He told them that the order is wrong. However, they told him that the food was already made. Henry parked his car and stormed into the place to see the manager.
She put them on over her real nails and painted them. When she went to bite her nails absently, she encountered acrylic! Evan was finally able to stop absentmindedly biting her nails!
However, her excitement turned into nervousness, but her mom insisted she attend the party. Against her will, Kia went. And she had a wonderful time!
Dan searched his entire apartment for his wallet. Dan realized that his wallet was lost. Dan was upset that he could not find his wallet anywhere.
But he gritted his teeth and stuck with it. Soon the year was over and Nate had completed every class. He was so proud of himself for taking a job while having classes.
She narrowed her choices of styles then ordered them from the shoe store website. After a week, the shoes hadn't arrived. Kim ended up getting a refund and with no new shoes.
On the way the encountered a puppy wetting from the heavy rain. The puppy cried at them. They rescued the puppy.
Jessie watched the video several times, and held the phone in concentration. She held on to her phone, and saw the video replay on her screen. There was no problem with the video and Jessie was happy with her quick phone.
She day dreamed of playing with him. Her boss came in and saw her not working. She made sure to constantly work in the future
Lisa was pleased with the location. It turned out she could not reach her friends to tell them the address. Lisa ended up not have a party.
He sat at his computer while thinking where could he put them. But it began getting dark. He decided not to walk.
The puppy named Sara growled at Leo because Leo was being lazy. Leo jumped off the couch and threw away his game console. Today he loves to walk and go the park with his puppy Sara.
It was difficult to learn Aku without a native speaker to help me. So, I decided to move to Nigeria to find a fluent speaker. I hired a Aku tutor and she helped me to master the language.
He ordered the vegetarian plate when next time he went out to eat. He arrived home feeling hungry and unsatisfied. Jim went to the refrigerator to eat lunchmeat.
Unfortunately, they left it in a cab so she had to call her old doctor to request another copy. There, they told her that her records had been thrown out. It was an accident but Jane was really upset.
Tom had been afraid of being hit by a ball so he shouldn't have played. But that day he decided to play and got hit by a pitch. It hurt and Tom fell into a coma and eventually died from being hit by the baseball.
I got out of the car and waved back. She called my name, and told me she was my aunt. When I went near her, I realized she was indeed my Aunt Fely.
He thought a gym membership was worth the $50. Tim was motivated to use the gym so he would get good value for money. He lost more weight and won $50 in referral rewards.
Eric picked it up to examine it. He looked around and did not see anyone else. He tried to wedge it on his finger but it did not fit.
She ended up walking much longer than she planned. And she felt very tired. She ended up walking more frequently, but not so far.
But she woke mid-night burning hot. She crept out to examine the thermostat. Angrily she saw that her husband had turned it up again!
Ivy's roommate reconsidered and accepted her offer. Ivy paid the roommate $5. Then she sat back happily and watched her friend wash the dishes!
He reaches a 4 way stop. He Ignores it and keeps going. An SUV crashes right into his passenger seat.
She was playing with dolls but got tired of that. She drew in her drawing book until her mom came. The next day Lucy was happy when she saw her drawings.
They would make fun of the movies often. Leon would feel left out. Leon spent a whole weekend watching every Star Wars film ever made.
He bought cool ghost costumes from the store. Jay's children loved them. Jay was so glad he'd given his kids a good Halloween!
I asked my pal to go to the concert with me. He told me we should go see Def Leppard I loved them and thanked my friend for coming
She looked at many different dresses and found one that she liked. Sally went to the wedding in her new dress. Sally was happy when everyone complimented her dress.
He felt like he could conquer the world. When he finally got to Everest he was able to get to the top. Mike was happy and went back home.
I didn't think anything of it. Before I know it we're being escorted by security. It turns out she had put some in her purse without paying.
She was panicking because her costume didn't look right. Luckily, her friend was also a cosplayer, and had some different pieces. She let her borrow some yellow gauntlets which matched her original idea.
They decided for the second baby and unfortunately, IVF didn't work this time. They finally broke down and adopted a new born baby. This made their family complete.
He starts to get a little paranoid. Finally Dan's boss tells him that his pants are stained. An embarrassed Dan goes to the bathroom and cleans his pants.
Someone suggested he partake in a carpool. He found out the carpool would cost half the bus ride. It took a shorter time to get to see his family than it would have had he taken the bus.
But she went to the salon and got them done. Then Katie realized they didn't look good on her. Katie immediately took it off.
On this weekend, she did not have to work and made an effort to clean. She started decluttering and moved through each area in her apartment. Jackie donated five big trash bags full of items to the local charity.
Our teacher told us to avoid the area under it. I stood in line waiting to climb the rope on the other side of the gym. When it was my turn, I could not climb the rope.
Today he was listening to audio lectures on the job. His boss wasn't there. Time ticked by faster for him today.
He contacted the seller and ad haggled the price. He agreed, and traded cash for the car. He got into the car and it was in pretty good shape.
Her friends didn't want to be around her. She started another job making lemon juice. She didn't burden her friends anymore.
We found a log and sat on it next to the shore. We watched others swim out to the middle of the pond and back. The lifeguard sat down on the log with us to ensure our safety.
He constantly wanted to use his hands to grab the ball. Jack's friends made him play as the pitcher. He finally felt comfortable on the baseball field.
She took the fliers around the school. Using tact, she handed them out all over. Soon, they were all handed out.
She ran fast, faster to everyone. No one ever caught up to her. Amy got bored being chased so she decided that it was time for her to chase everyone!
The woman he loved knew about his diet. She refused to let him eat cake. Roger huffed but hurried to show his appreciation.
Her boyfriend invited his friend along. They ended up sitting by the bonfire all night. She wished they had spend more time at the beach..
Anita was upset. He was married to a Mexican woman and had two kids. Annita went to see her grandchildren.
On Saturday Jackie took some roses to her next door neighbor. On Sunday, when she got home from church, there was a knock at the door. Her neighbor had a made a nice rose arrangement and had brought some to share.
One day Katrina was sick, so Karly went to Katrina's friend's party. She had a blast and no one knew the difference! Afterward, she brought Katrina leftover cake and they laughed together.
I watched it and went in my house. It looked to be in good health. I watched it fly only to see a falcon kill it in mid-air.
Stan kept touring all the way into 2016. Fans still came out to hear him even though he now sang out of tune. Stan made even more money thanks to their love of nostalgia.
She had never had to take such hard classes and she was scared. She got a tutor, and focused. She soon passed the classes and stayed in school.
His mom made an appointment with the barber for next week. They went in to the barber and had to wait for 10 minutes. When the barber was finished, Vinny looked almost the same.
He left a voicemail and asked if she could pick up more things for him. She was exhausted and snapped at him through text. Now she feels frustrated and remorseful.
It was taped to the toe box. She told her mom what happened. They went shopping the next day.
It wasn't addressed to me but I opened it and there was a small knife and a gun inside. When no one was looking, I decided to take it home. Eventually, I was able to contact the owner.
He got bored and so he decided to write a story. It was a short story about an author who wrote short stories. Then Matt got bored halfway through writing it and decided to stop.
Seth was very impressed by the movie. He took up film making himself and created his own movies. One of his movies eventually won an oscar
Alexa noticed that he didn't speak. Alexa's teacher explained that the boy was deaf. Alexa decided to learn sign language.
He also bought new equipment to practice with. On the day of the big game, Scott sunk a goal unknowingly in just one minute in. He was excited when he realized he'd scored for his team.
I need them at school. Everyone has the same jeans. We wear the same jeans at the school for a week.
Timothy didn't have much confidence in himself It took everything he had to dance with all of his self doubt Timothy's friends loved his dancing.
I played games in the corner while he talked with his buddies. We were both very happy. My mother yelled at both of us afterwards.
At his stop the bus was waiting a long time. Out of the window she thought she saw Jamie getting on the bus with crutches. It wasn't him and still doesn't understood why he hadn't been at school.
So he doesn't have to eat carrots. She lets him have a piece of cake. Timmy is very happy.
She wasn't, no matter what she tried she kept falling over. Eventually she sat and ate while he skated. Tammy's boyfriend still appreciated the effort and loved her for it.
He didn't know how long it would take so he just wandered around the mall. It took four long hours. Finally he was able to go back home.
She was looking forward to the end of the year tournament. She played her best and won the tournament. She earned a college scholarship by winning the tournament.
He felt it was for the best. Glen made a career in education for the next 20 years. Glen is now retired from teaching.
The one he wanted could be ordered on the store website. He went home and searched online. He was very happy to find the necklace in stock.
His favorite activity was karaoke. He went hiking every day while he was at the camp. Alex and his family were both sad when their vacation was over.
He tried to think back, but could only remember receiving three or four. He called his sisters, who lived nearby. They told him that they'd been quietly bringing him things for years.
She grabbed her fishing pole and went outside. She cast out the fishing line. Jan had fun fishing.
He decided he wanted to play me in chess instead. I went to his apartment and played ten games. My friend said he did not feel guilty about playing.
Billy was not convinced so they went down to the basement where dad was working. She then asked the dad what Superman looks like. The dad flexed his muscles and Billy laughed and laughed!
Her stomach began revolting before she'd even finished her third taco. She projectile vomited over the entire cafeteria. From then on, the kids nick named her Patty Puke.
He called in sick to work. Because he didn't want to make lots of people sick. He never went to work with the flu.
She went to the professional salon. There, they smoothed her feet and painted her toenails. Sam was happy with her pedicure.
But then he went down to the basement of his house. He found guitars that his father must have owned. He knew what he was going to be doing for the rest of the day.
His wife suggested he take a class in how to train employees. Joe agrees to take the class and learns how to ensure workers are competent. Joe no longer has as much difficulty training new employees.
Suddenly he spots a red wolf and the red wolf spots him. They both stand still in their tracks. James makes a run for it and the red wolf watches from afar.
He pulled over to the side of the road. When he got out of the car, he opened the hood and saw the car overheating. He realized he had no coolant in his car.
He told us it this hurt more than the injury and everyone wanted to write in on his behalf. He swore about it for a long time and said it burned him up. One day he came home and he wasn't employed anymore.
She finally decided to grow it out. Eventually it was long enough for her stylist to give her a pixie cut. Julia was both in shock and happy with her new style.
We had fish and stuffed peppers. Dessert was a apricot and flaky crust. We thanked Joe's wife for the nice dinner.
In 2015 he made a new record and offered digital files of his recording. He used his prior fame to gain publicity on a file sharing site. Now Charles is selling downloads of his music, his career is restarting.
Everyone sang him happy birthday. He closed his eyes, made a wish, and smiled. Suddenly he hard a meow, his wish for a kitty came true.
She avoided using them for as long as she possibly could. The pencil's tip would get pathetically dull. When her pencil needed to be sharpened, she brought in her own pencil sharpener.
The teacher began to cry. Molly asked her what was wrong. The teacher was getting divorced.
Shay and Scheana never saw each other again. Scheana discovered that Shay suffered from addiction and depression. They got involved in other relationships.
The children became very competitive at it. Morgan grew concerned when they wouldn't speak for days. Occasionally she considered having them play the loud game, just in case.
My friend found a card worth $10, and one worth $30 in his pack! He brought the cards to the store where they offered him $10 for both. He was disappointed, but hey, that's business.
Amy was afraid it was late, and they would be caught. She stood to announce to her friends they needed to leave. She turned, and one of the dogs bit her quickly before he headed home.
He then gets up to stop playing for a while. In an old looking chair in the back of the property he finds a beautiful thing. This mythic item is the amazing dump truck that he plays with.
But he hasn't landed a part in Year's. He went to Bollywood and landed a job as a waiter. Now he serves dishes and coffee to Bollywood actors and executives.
But she as not sure of that. She looked in the mirror. She blinked until she was sure it was gone.
Then she started to clean her bedroom. She was dusting all of her furniture. While dusting she knocks over a really expensive vase her mom gave her.
Beth did as he asked. She didn't want to fall because of untied shoe laces! Danny thanked Beth a lot.
His wife gets mad that he is gone playing soccer so much. He ignores his wife when she tries to talk to him about it. James continues to play soccer.
That day she snuck out, dressed up to look older, and went by herself. The ticket taker let her in without a second glance. Two hours later she strolled out of the theater hoping her parents would never know.
In the morning, she went in front of a judge. The judge sentenced Amanda to one hundred hours of community service. Amanda was grateful to avoid jail time.
One day he lost his dog at the park! He finally found him behind a tree. Brad's dog was safe!
She was hesitant, but she tried everything I offered. Some of it was too spicy, but some of it was great. She has a new appreciation now for Indian food.
They decided to try pineapple pizza. The food was wonderful! The group was no longer hungry, but had become slightly poorer.
The security guard kept going off on her! Then she realized why. She had forgotten to remove her metal tongue rings!
Music filled the air and could be heard for miles around. The ravers practiced hard for two weeks, improving their dance skills. At the rave, they enjoyed the music with the community.
The next morning she found her laptop on the ground. The cat had knocked it off the bed. Amy was relieved it worked, but the E key fell off.
We had a nice time and saw beautiful places. The squirrels weren't enough supervision for the kids though. We are going through proceedings with Child Protective Services
They were going to move in together. Kim's boyfriend surprised her with new sunglasses he bought. She loved how thoughtful he was.
They sat down and had a talk with them. The kids were praised for learning that sharing was best. Duncan continues to ask before he plays with his sister's dolls.
Bill had stolen Jay's lucky shoes. Bill challenged Jay to a race and still lost. That day everybody learned that the shoes weren't what made Jay fast.
He thought about it until the following week. He thinks he should gotten an A! Mark went out to ask his teacher.
Dan searched for the menu on the table. He found out that there was $20 and a note on the napkin. Dan was able to fill his car gas and pay a bill with the money.
He took it out on its first test flight last week It was windier than expected and it hit some electric wires. Harold couldn't fix it.
One of them had been bitten by a snake. The medic stopped the dance and took the girl to the doctor's office. She was diagnosed with a viper bite.
He had everything but the bacon he always put on it. He didn't know what to do at first and then opened the fridge. A new package of bacon was waiting for him to use.
It was just a joke, and they drove to the mini golf course and he looked in wonder at it. They each got a golf club and different colored golf balls. Kenny wound up getting a better score than both of his parents!
Beth realized she felt that she is not growing as a secretary She wanted to leave but was afraid. She stayed with him because it was easier.
Then Kim decided to ask her mom and sister to bail her out of jail. The three women went home together. Kim had a lousy time being bailed out with her family.
Officer Todd knew he was the suspect. Officer Todd apprehended the suspect. The streets are a little safer tonight.
She decided to buy a scratch lottery ticket on the way home. When she got back to her car, she checked her numbers. Anna won $100.
Marco still decides to get delivery from McDonalds because he loves his meat and hamburgers buns. He ate the delicious burger at home. Marco decides will never stop ordering delivery food.
Her grandma took her to the hospital. They treated Lucy's burns while she watched TV. Ten minutes later the burn no longer hurt.
He was mad when he opened it and looked at the book inside of the bubble wrap. Ian had flipped the pages, and found that a few pages were missing. That is why he filed a complaint online.
The rodeo was not crowded for a week. The concerts expect to brought big country names. But it never happened.
Joe was moved to give him money. Joe and the homeless man began to like each other. Joe and the homeless were both happy to to see each other on the street.
He hasn't met all his parents expectations but they still love him. Dylan chooses an economical Honda Civic. He loves his fuel efficient car.
He slacked off every time he worked. Finally, he was sure he was done with this job. However, when he went to tell his boss he quit, she said he was fired.
If she didn't eat at home, she would try to eat in the car. Julie decided to eat a granola bar while she drove to work. Julie still didn't feel full.
So she was sad she couldn't try out for her high school gymnastics team. She watched the try outs and was happy to find her friend had made the team. Not only that - the other members had voted her friend team captain!
Then, she got her paints and went to work. It didn't take very long to mimic the other murals. When she was done, everyone loved it.
He tried once, but stuttered from nerves and no one laughed. Someone even booed him off stage. Will decided he would video tape his act and put it online.
Bill fluffed up his pillow but that did not work. He reached in the dark for a second pillow. The two pillows were stacked atop each other and Bill still did not sleep soundly.
He tried to avoid fouling other players, but he felt like an idiot. Eventually, he found an opening and rose up for the slam. He landed the right handed hammer and was very proud.
He stopped dancing and threw the ball in the air, near the hoop. His friend grabbed the ball and made a drunk. That score put his team in the lead.
When she finally got her turn, only the lead roles were left. She tried out. The results were posted and she was Cinderella!
She concentrates very hard to express her feelings, but can't Living without her dad to talk to will be torture. But soon an earlier letter from him arrives, and she is glad to hear his final thoughts
Her mother granted her permission as long as she kept good grades. Denise got straight A's She was able to dance as she had always dreamed.
Her friend told her she would ride with her to encourage her. They got on the ferris wheel and waited for it to start. When it began, the girls screamed, laughed, and had a lot of fun!
After she glanced at it, she had an angry look on her face. She stood up and walked outside to burn it. I had to stop her before she burned it.
I got liquid all over several keys and decided to buy a new keyboard. I drove to the store and found a nice looking replacement. I brought it to the clerk and purchased the new keyboard.
The days are filled with hard work for Becky. The customers are grumpy. Becky quit her job.
First, he cut it off to my ears, when it was down to my shoulders. Then he put horrible layers all over it, even though I said no! I don't let my husband cut my hair anymore.
The female cat named Bob was spayed and we picked her up three days later. When I got to the shelter, they handed me a boy cat named Charles! I immediately pointed to my Bob and grabbed her.
She goes to the food bank and picks out turkey, vegetables and cheese. Sentence 4: She drives herself home. She drives herself home. Cindy enjoys a healthy, homemade dinner.
I still have my new car and am thrilled with it. My friend said the dealership will repair my car me. I'll go back tomorrow sign some paperwork for my new car.
Rick liked his car seat and got comfortable. When he was asleep he said hi to daddy. Daddy was happy as he looked at Rick in his car seat.
During the interview, she realized her pen had leaked. It had smeared all over her shirt! Embarrassed, Betsy was so relieved when she got the job anyway.
This time his mother tried something new. Her mother made him a vegetable and fruit smoothie. Timmy loved the taste of the smoothie and drank it all down.
Looking back, I read so many pages. Now I don't have any time to read comic books. However I plan to start reading more.
She invited him to dinner at her house. She pretended he was her husband. The attention doesn't bother him.
A long line was formed ahead of her. When tickets went on sale she eventually bought 2. Kim took her best friend to the movie.
She told one of them how much she loved the movie he recommended. He smiled and gave her a free popcorn Lucy was thankful
Then Ann decided to make s'mores. She put all the ingredients together and put them on the campfire. They came out warm, gooey, and eaten by all the campers!
He downed his drink and quickly ordered another. He brought his new drink into the theater The man sitting next to Steve told him he wished Steve wasn't drinking
As the week went on he made more and more friends and continued to have fun. At the end of the week Jimmy was sad to go home. He couldn't wait for camp next summer.
I got lost in downtown San Diego, but ended up at the beach. I met my husband at that beach. I loved my trip to California and want to live there one day.
The usher said their tickets were fake,so the two turned around and headed down North Street. They eventually found a scalper and bought tickets for double the price. Jimmy was embarrassed, but nevertheless enjoyed the game with his girl.
I was nervous as my parents started talking about charging me rent. I ended up spending way more than expected and got kicked out. I was so disappointed that made that decision.
Jimmy got a pail and shovel and headed to the backyard. He remembered that worms like dark, damp spots. Jimmy found all the worms he needed by digging under a rock.
Time to get up and get his dog to a safe place. Tom's foot felt a squishy sensation when it met the floor. It was already too late to let the dog out to poop.
There were some classics and some one hit wonders. I picked out a few to listen to in my car on my way to the thrift shop. It was fun to listen to all this old music.
The doll his kids were trying to find was wrapped in plastic. They couldn't get the plastic undone once they found it. Finally, he relented and freed the toy.
He spent hours everyday for a week. He still had a lot to go. He had a clear favorite though.
Some of the solvent was still on the stove. The solvent burned the next time she cooked. Her hand got a burn on the side of it.
He walked for twenty minutes to catch the bus. He decided he needed to go warm his hands up with a coffee. He stepped inside a cafe and heard the crunch on someone else's glasses under his feet.
Then she bought a new bike and took it on top of a mountain. She rode down the steep mountain. It was great exercise for Jane.
At around five o'clock my neighbor came knocking. She asked if my mail had arrived late, as well. She saved me from worrying about my own late mail.
Jason saw his father's pistol in his father's drawer. He picked it up and threw it away Now he tells people, do you want me to get rid of your father's gun?
She saw a beautiful balloon that she decided to buy. She handed the cashier her birthday money. She left the store with a beautiful balloon and a great big smile.
In the middle of it my brother came out as gay. A few people were shocked. Everyone was overall supportive and loving.
He wanted something new rather than her favorite cake. Tony decided to bake a cake himself. His elated grandma appreciated the difference!
She realized that virtual communities are all the same. Ariana was happy to see the maker of the comment later become a target of ridicule. She was much less happy when she became one as well.
He was sure the size was correct. But he was too afraid to order the shoes. So he went to a store and reluctantly bought shoes for a bad price.
Finally Lucas decided to eat a peanut. He ate more and he loved the taste. Lucas decided that he would try something new again.
The mom's at the park suggested coloring them with makeup. Marge was soon happy with her full, arched brows. But after she washed her face, her brows had washed off and were thin again.
His father forced him to attend a morning swim class. He was happy that the instructor was so nice and supportive Billy learned to swim that day and has enjoyed it ever since
While watching it, she becomes witness to a robbery. She listens intensely. Helen tells the Police about the events that occurred.
She got in her car and sped to make up for lost time. But a cop pulled her over and ticketed her Rhoda wished she hadn't sped
Sam decided to go back to the park to walk his dog but his mom told him it was going to rain. When Sam got to the park it started to rain. He went back and apologized to his mom for not believing her.
The detective searched all the hills and hollows of the property for the body He walked up to the family, a grim look on his face He explained he'd found Emily's body on the reef
Her father and his friends were waiting for her. They were playing cards, and drinking. Gina went to hang out with her father.
When they arrived, Jane jumped out of the car to go see what she could find. Almost immediately Jane ran back in tears to her parents. It turned out there were no clowns at this circus, so the whole family went home.
In the end, Tom won. Greg was very gracious about it. They continued being friends.
Edith posted her shoes on EBay in order to get cash and buy the shirt she likes. Several people bid on it. Edith made a profit of fifty dollars and bought the shirt she liked.
Yesterday, Emily went to the pet store. She got to play with all the kittens. She wanted to adopt the cutest little Calico kitten but couldn't. She would've named her Fluffy!
They learned about how wine is made but found it boring. The trip was a great bonding experience. The girls had lots of inside jokes about how boring the instructor was.
Although he didn't love the sound at first, he liked how it looked. Luke became one of the best trumpet players in his school. He was happy he chose to play the trumpet.
He ate more and more until he was stuffed. He got a stomach ache. Ray regret eating so much.
The empty crane bucket flew through the air too fast and hit a construction project. Sally had to help clean up the mess. Afterwards, the construction project was delayed.
She fed the cat, gave it water, played with the cat and petted it a lot. The cat fell asleep on the couch with its catnip toy. She kissed the cat and went to bed.
As it was cooking, he flipped it a couple times. Jim had good training and made a great burger. The customer got a great burger and everyone was satisfied.
But he loved cooking and he only dreamt of being a cook! Kyle and his mom discussed the matter at length and found a solution. Now both of them are happy, because Kyle cooks for a fancy restaurant near an army base.
He could hardly get his workouts in He had to use machines he wasn't used to. He decides to leave
Last week my friends got sick and I couldn't help them. I had to focus on myself to breathe and stay calm. When we got in, we didn't ride on the boat anymore.
He spent many hours writing and developing a cool song. He recorded it and made an album himself. Then, John gave the album to his friend as a gift.
I brought my old system out of storage and installed it. When I tried to turn it on, I noticed it was broken. I took the game system back into storage and found a new hobby.
Kelly wondered why the sick dog looked like this. One day, the dog gave birth to dead puppies. Kelly realized the malnutrition is why the dog was so skinny.
Unfortunately, Remy's car broke down. His car's repair was very expensive. Remy had to spend his vacation at home.
All of a sudden the mugger burst out a of a scream. They ran from the muggers into a building. They were afraid of the streets after that.
Jim rushed out of bed and grabbed the cat. The cat kept swatting Jim's face Jim took it to the vet.
The bong fell to the floor and shattered into pieces. Everyone was so sad to see the bong had been broken. Fortunately, Robin had a spare bong that was even more beautiful!
They drove to the beach after they got back from their walk. Chad threw a stick in the water for Max to fetch. They drove home on a wet truck seat.
They even look for Santa. At 12 am, they saw Santa. They were all amazed.
It didn't look good when she tried it on backwards. She had stood in the mirror to see how she liked it. She had to admit she didn't want to waste her money on this hat.
His father saw that a screw was missing from the swing The swing broke while Rey was fixing it. His father complained to the city.
She needed a job so her friend suggested she work as a florist. Em reluctantly did her research and decided to give it a try because she needed the money. As expected, she became the most unpopular florist in town.
They went to the doctor for a checkup. She took a pregnancy test in the office and the doctor came in. He told them with smile on his face they were going to have a baby.
He invited everyone from school to the party. Stan had to let everyone know the party date and time. Stan was really happy that he could have his party.
Cassie was so hungry that she took an enormous bite even though it looked gross. She quickly stopped when her tooth hit a hard object. Disgusted, she looked down to find she had bitten into a golden ring!
He stood up, yelled, and pointed at the cigarette. Three men grabbed another who had just walked in. The man went back to smoking another cigarette.
The first thing he did was research it's value online. Afterwards, he listed the computer on some websites. He was ready to go meet the buyer the next day after work.
His friend told him that not a lot of people showed up. But he said the try outs were still held. His friend got on the team but so did everyone else.
Her mother warned her was making a public nuisance. A neighbor had called the police. She had to pay 50% of her allowance as a fine.
He decided to mow lawns to earn the money to repay the loan. Soon, he was able to own the game debt-free. It was the best game he ever played.
The heat of the oven was nothing for the man. His hand felt like a wood that is safe from heat. He puts an aloe on it for him to work more.
Cassidy decides to play a game of hopscotch inside her room. He plays for a few hours. He passed the time and feels glad that he played hopscotch.
The shirt matches his casual lifestyle. Jasper thinks it is the perfect shirt. He's happy he has such a great shirt to wear.
She was nervous about living there. She found out it was really not a safe place. She decided to stay in Detroit.
He thought knitting was for girls. But he felt really good about doing something for his grandparents. He even worked on his scarf at home that night.
Now, he's trying to sell them. Just last week he met with a dealer. It seems to be going well for him, and he should get a job soon.
She wasn't sure if she should run or not She stood staring at the dog as he stared at her. Just then the dog fell asleep.
Our cat hates it. She hid under the bed for an hour after the vacuuming stopped. She slowly came out and is fine now.
At first, she thought that the curtain was pretty good. Then, she began seeing mold growing on the curtain. She decided to send it back and get a refund.
A person he passed had chosen to buy a scratch and win lottery ticket. The homeless man looked and reluctantly watched him scratch it. His face sunk as the ticket revealed a prize of one million.
The professor passed out detailed pictures of real embalmed hearts. I fainted upon seeing the hearts. I realized anatomy wasn't for me.
Cam noticed a string on the shirt that did not belong. She figured it must have come from something else she washed. Cam plucked the string off and threw it on the floor.
The class was completely silent when he returned. He coughed very loudly. Everyone turned their heads away from him because they didn't want to get sick.
I came out front and realized they had closed the store with me walking out. I knew what to do, I called for a ride home. My friend soon arrived to drive me home.
All week they missed many crafts and learning of Bible verses. After they saw the flat they were fed lunch and returned home. They missed the big play at the end of the week with all parents invited.
Kelly was still nervous about it. She walked into the classroom. She stayed quiet for an hour.
Then she saw a huge cake took out by her boyfriend and placed it on the table. He sang Happy Birthday to my sister as he approached. She was extremely delighted.
Sara was proud and vowed that her next grade would also be an A. Sara studied hard and asked for extra help studying. Sara got back her next to with a big A on it.
I began to cough and my chest hurt. I decided to put on a mask. Now, my lungs were safe!
That wasn't enough for him so he decided to keep saving money in bank account for the trip. After a few months, Gerald had enough money after getting a loan to cover the difference. He went to Japan for a week and loved it.
The second hand smoke made him cough. Tony asked Nick if he had ever smoked before. Nick bashfully said he hadn't, and had no desire to cough his lungs out.
He decided to have gender reassignment surgery. He soon looked like a girl on the outside. She was so happy to finally look like herself!
But the taxi was late. When the taxi arrived it had other people to drop off. So I didn't get to town in time to see the show.
Daniel was sure he found love when he met Becky. They were friends less than one month when Daniel bought her a laptop. She took his gift but told him she liked a different guy.
Although he had trouble keeping the batter on the plate he mixed the ingredients and put the batter into a pan and put it in the oven. After it came out of the oven, he frosted it. Finally, he enjoyed a slice of cake.
This time was nothing new. Maria got up and and jumped off the seat. She went flying down the mountain.
Finally they agreed. Eve was so excited! She went to the pet shop the next day to select her new pig pet!
She kept it in her closet. Out at a club five other women had the same bag. Karen was relieved she decided not to bring it and stopped worrying about scuffing it.
He had to buy one. He also ran out of spices. His friends helped him to buy what he needs to make the pasta.
Once at the top, I was harnessed and held onto the rope with fear. i was afraid I would get hurt. However thankfully i repelled safely.
Who knew picking a major would be so difficult. However, he began writing a list of pros and cons for each one. "I finally picked" he shouted, "Engineering will be great."
The cashier saw what I have done. Since it is not paid yet, they consider it as stolen. I had to go to the admins office because of it.
Gina knew she looked a mess all covered in sand. She wiped her face but then Tami kicked her legs. Gina was so upset by Tami's bullying and began to cry.
Finally, he scrawled his name on top of the page. He sprang from his desk and raced to the front of the room. Slowly, he placed the test on the teacher's desk just as the bell rang for end of class.
He said he would get a new one. One day his friend wrecked his car. Kevin had to help him out and shop for a car.
I decided to do push-ups. Eventually, my boobs became huge! Alas, my boobs looked amazing because I did push-ups every day.
Samantha still decided to start looking for a new job. Then her boss let her know she got another subsantial raise. Samantha still looked for a new job because she didn't like the company anymore.
Suddenly, she slipped on some soapy water. She decided to go to the emergency room just in case. Luckily, she and the twins were fine.
He was unsure who would steal the book. He got a new copy and finished the book in a day. It changed his life.
He went to pull the line in but it was caught on something. It was caught in the plants near the creek. They ended up getting soaked by the rain and she doesn't fish with Arnold anymore
A tutor helped her review the class she missed. Nia ended up getting a C, which is higher than she expected. However, her final grade wasn't a passing one.
He rode down the path for miles. Later he saw a similar bike, and saw a tough boy get on it. Danny told the boy that was sure a neat bike.
First, he asked locals about it. To his surprise, the monster was friendly! The monster said he did not know he was famous!
On the very next day she puts an advertisement in the paper. Joshua sees his phone number and address in the advertisement. Barbara tells him she is throwing a party.
He fed the birds with seeds he had brought in a bag. The birds were scared by a cyclist coming around the corner. Jorge covered his head with his arms as the birds flew into him.
He had to get to work in the morning. He was glad he didn't have to shovel snow out of his driveway. He was able to successfully back out his car.
When the parade started, the marchers threw candy toward the spectators. Both of us scrambled home without any pieces of candy. We considered it an unsuccessful parade day.
My wife could not wait. She made a large half pepperoni pizza. My sister in law joined us as well.
Lynn and Ann were only in freshman band but they both liked Tim. Tim didn't even know either one of them existed. Finally they forgot about Tim and became best friends instead.
She ate a cold waffle at home when she returned for her wallet. Back at the store, she bought a waffle maker, so she can cook it next time. The outer layers are going to be extra crispy.
They had so many problems and they disagreed on everything. They met a couples counselor that could not help. They decided to make it an even split.
Jimmy crept up and surprised Cindy with one of the mice. Cindy screamed in delight when she saw the mouse. She was very thankful to Jimmy for the pet.
Abe laughed as his chili and soup stayed inside the paper bag. He thought it was pretty funny, and let it amuse him. He took off his gloves and unloaded the cans.
Went to Dallas and waited for my train to show up. I got on board and I was very impressed Decided to live at the town at the end of the train line.
Then, she spent an hour practicing a magic trick with the baby bat. When she felt confident, she went to show her family. They were all really proud of her trick.
He threw a rock that made a small splash. Sam looked for a bigger rock to throw in. He found a larger rock but he was too weak to lift it.
He was diligent and unboxed everything. So he sat on the couch and watched TV. Then a person came in, Trevor was in the wrong house!
He decided to borrow one from his brother. He looked around his brother's room. Unfortunately his brother didn't have any clean shirts either.
The cat ran away. The next time Alice saw the cat, she was very still. She was able to watch the cat for a long time.
She set up the beds and a fence around them. Then she planted seeds. Finally, she marked each pot so she knew what was growing.
Amy thought her roommate's friend stole it and confronted her roommate about it. The roommate denied the theft and blamed Amy's friend for it. Amy bought a new microwave to keep on her side of the room so the roommate couldn't use it
Sentence 3: She looked, and there were many that she liked Sentence 4:Since she wanted any kind of hat. Sentence 5: She left the store with one that was fine and went home.
The test was his midterm for geometry. He took the test early one morning, hoping he did alright. But he didn't pass his test and he was unable to play.
I was too young to know how to mentally deal with not being able to attend. On the day of the recital, my mom gave me a good pep talk. This prepared me for not being able to attend the recital, and I felt better.
They were all watching The Flinstones together and fell into a sort of TV trance. When she next saw the clock, she realized they watched it for 3 hours. At that point Ruth decided they had all had enough cartoons for the day.
Suddenly, someone slammed a cart against a wall. Her baby began screaming. Maria tried to soothe him but he wouldn't stop until they left.
The kitchen caught fire. It spread to the rest of the house. Harry is in a lot of trouble.
Now, Conrad is convinced that he can make rice in a pan. Unfortunately he burns the rice! Conrad decides to only make rice again if he has a rice cooker.
And she quickly grabbed any package of coffee on the shelf. When she made the coffee at work, it tasted old and bitter. She realized the package was 2 months old.
Suddenly, he encountered a boy that he had met in summer camp. The boy and him had hated each other. Jerry went up to him and shook his hand to dispel the tension.
He went through his attic and found a lot of things he didn't need. He decided to sell them on Ebay for some quick money. Henry eventually sold enough to buy a lot of games for his new Xbox.
The judgment from his friends couldn't stop Isaiah popping them with tongue. The next day, his mom had to take him to the doctor. He said that Isaiah is currently sick from ingesting too much soap.
The family drove to the lake. The kids were used to with the experience. Robert and family decided to go on different destinations.
She didn't want all the boys to stare at her. One day though, an old man made a rude comment to her After that Mary didn't care what she wore.
He learned that this eviction was illegal. He filed a report. Luckily, his landlord took Shane back.
A nurse had decided to get to know him better. She discovered that Harold just needed some company. The nurse and Harold were great friends before his passing.
He couldn't hear anything. His mother took him to get a hearing aid. He was amazed at what he could hear.
When someone hit his bike, he went flying and ended up on the ground. He hurt but could walk. The others that were so far behind ended up passing him, so he lost.
When she refused to apologize she got a timeout. She finally said she was sorry. Her brother was not amused.
I make my own breakfast, but don't carry the items from the kitchen to the living room. I made up a mnemonic device listing everything I need to prepare. This lets me take out everything I need for breakfast in one trip.
Cory's friend advised him to check the internet. When Cory searched for information, he found lots of knowledge. Cory was able to make an informed decision on his new cellphone.
One day after doing laundry she couldn't find the match. She went down to the laundry room to look, but the sock was not there. Kim depressed when she realized it was really lost.
As she was retrieving the cake from the car it spilled on the ground She rushed back to the grocery store the baker was able to fix the cake in plenty of time.
She had worked really hard to learn to do flips. After months of rehabilitation she finally was able to do back flips again. Now she can do lots of flips.
Deb slapped her on the back to make her friend jump. But she quickly remembered her friend didn't startle easily. Deb's friend yelled out in shock and was upset the rest of the walk.
She bought her aunt a red striped hat. Then she gave the hat to her aunt. Happy tears welled in old eyes as Lily's aunt accepted the hat.
She trusted the scale. She also focused on how she looked and felt. Ana was very happy with the scale!
She hired a yacht crew to sail out to the open ocean. She waited for one hour and was about to give up. Suddenly, a dolphin appeared and Nalia was happy.
Simon didn't realized that someone left the gate to the stairs open. When the dog saw the open gate, she tried to go down the stairs and fell. Simon was able to get to her and see that she was ok.
I eventually resurfaced and began to relax on the ocean surface. I got to see the memories of my life up close. I don't want to go SCUBA diving again!
One day her store was robbed because she forgot to lock the door and she was upset she closed the store. Rob bought the store from Susie. He always locked the door.
She didn't skip steps or take shortcuts. She only became more confident when she got the right answers. Jill quickly declared she was good at math and never gave up.
When he got to the concert, they thought he was a VIP. In the VIP section he got a bunch of free food and drinks. While in the VIP, he got to meet the band.
His mom wasn't there. She was gone because her friend had passed away. It changed her forever.
She went in the woods with three perfect strangers. She slept with the weird strangers in a poppy field. She woke up in her own bed, didn't know where she'd been or with whom.
Although she doesn't speak with anyone, she likes being around people She decides to read a book and pretend the characters are her friends. Janice notices that this habit makes her feel less lonely
He saved up his money for other things. Then, he packed his bags and clothes and went to the airport. Larry had the most memorable time vacationing than he had ever had before.
As a compromise, he taught Matt the rules of soccer. He and matt began practicing. Soon they were playing soccer every day together!
He saw his bank account grow. But he still felt stressed because he hated his job. He became financially sound and that made him happier.
One kid asked him his favorite basketball player. Mitch told him it was Mr. Nobody. Now the little kid calls him Mr. Nobody instead of Mr Francis.
He started by getting more flexible and establishing a routine. Then, he began eating better. After a month of these changes, he lost ten pounds!
Kelly couldn't believe she was heading to fourth grade next year. Her class threw a large party to celebrate. Kelly was elated.
After finding them he fell upon a dog with a broken leg. Ron took him home and nursed him back to health. Now Ron has a loyal watch dog for his goats.
Linda had time to cook because of her flexible job. She decided to try meal prepping on her day off. Linda was able to eat healthy all week with minimal effort.
He woke up and all of a sudden, he saw a shooting star! Ricky captured the moment in his head. Ricky quickly made a wish afterwards.
The new bagel shop offered a one of a kind bagel. Ben went to the shop and saw that the health department was shutting it down. Ben finally got his bagel after going to another bagel shop.
Sentence 3: Every person he ever put in it had escaped his leg lock. Sentence 4: Larry's last fight was for the championship. Sentence 5: Within seconds the challenger beat Larry with a leg lock.
Ana didn't know how to put her hair in a ponytail. She asked her friend to do her hair. Ana's friend made her a beautiful ponytail and Ana was happy.
On the other hand, the whole family seen it during dinner. They started to ridicule me and call me names. As a result, I shaved off all of my hair to avoid the comments.
He had entered a contest by calling radio station. He was the lucky caller that won and got to pick his prize. He bought Goodyear tires for his car.
Henry picked up the trash and noticed he had no tag. He asked his neighbors if they had a bag. Nobody had one, so he carried the trash to the dumpster.
They watched the movie and thought it was funny. The ordered dinner to be delivered from the diner nearby. They enjoyed eating dinner and discussing the movie together.
He became good, so he didn't worry about tripping. Then one day at school as he was going down the slippery stairs. He tripped on an untied lace and broke his wrist.
Sentence 3: She went into her bedroom to change clothes. Sentence 4: The kids went into the kitchen and ate the cookies. Sentence 5: Grandma caught them and laughed.
She took him an aspirin and told him good night. He put his pajamas on and went straight to sleep. Several hours later he was up and back to climbing.
Ana wrote the previous sentence's gibberish in a note to herself while she waited in line to purchase the record player. She couldn't believe how the records sounded. Records were even better than CDs!
So Juanita enrolled in a baking course to learn. She studied baking diligently. Finally Juanita baked a batch of delicious chocolate chip cookies.
They dated for avoided each other for several months. One day Ronnie told Sammie he didn't like her any more. They never spoke again.
It buried Anna's town in over a foot of snow! Anna was very happy that she could sled now! Anna had lots of fun that winter.
Afterwards, she shut her eyes and tried to relax in bed. Gradually she drifted into a peaceful sleep. Thankfully, when she awoke, the headache was gone.
Over the next month or so she attempted to get new clients. However, it was very hard to do since the salon had no established customers. She decided to rent a billboard to advertise.
Unbeknownst to him, their daughter had snuck a bowl of stew! And their son had snuck some in, also! Mother was happy when she realized her stew were loved by all.
On Christmas morning she went down to see no gifts. She had no box to open first. It was exactly what she didn't want.
They had grown from the seeds of fallen apples. Jimmy decided he would start an orchard. Jimmy started a successful business.
After pulling over, he found he had an overheated engine. Ryan removed his cooler to make room in his truck as he waited for the tow truck. He waited for a tow truck to show up.
His father came to help. He showed him how to do it. The boy found it very simple.
He began to research many historical accounts while studying. He became very knowledgable about history. He learned a lot about the world
Everybody grew up afraid of Ronnie. Everybody could remember actually seeing him fight. Charlie called him out, and Ronnie beat him up.
A flock of city pigeons descended on Call almost instantly. He dropped his files and ran! The birds paid Cal no further interest as they sniffed at his files.
Studying only when required in prison, he learned that animals evolved into what they are now. He says he wants to evolve to be hard enough to bust through bulletproof glass. Recently, he punched right through a plexiglass window.
A carriage was approaching the party. Elena was riding on top of the carriage. When she got out, the balloons were released into the air.
He thought he'd gotten away with it. Then he realized he had bright orange cheese all over his fingers. His father didn't let him have dessert that night as punishment.
She couldn't get awake again until the sun was already high up in the sky. Thankfully, her husband let her sleep in that day. To thank him, she cleaned the whole house.
One time he took a chalk marker and made an outline of my body on the sidewalk. The finished product looked like a murder scene. My mother was not pleased and wouldn't let me go to school until he was arrested.
At first Joe was scared. He finally got the guts to cross the river. He ended up catching five huge salmon when he got to another river.
Another friend decided to join at the last minute. He decided to take a shortcut. Unfortunately it was right through the judge's area and he got caught.
He decided to play one day and spent one hundred dollars. He finally got a winning ticket. He was the instant winner of a free ticket.
Narin hit a homerun on the very first pitch. The pitcher then struck him out every other time Narin was up. Narin was the first player cut from the team.
Without realizing it, he dug too deep and got scared when he couldn't climb out. An attentive lifeguard noticed and helped the boy climb out of the hole. Davie now knew what summer job he wanted when he was old enough.
However, his parents are not in favor of him playing baseball so he ended up giving up. He got his medical degree and now practices medicine. Now he wishes that he never gave up.
Mable and her cat were stranded in their apartment. They only had cat food to eat. Thankfully, the cat was willing to share her food with Mabel.
Terry began to worry and went back inside. When he was inside he began to tell his family about what he saw. His daughter stepped forward and said that she stole and hid them.
The prices were too high and the theater too crowded. All I kept hearing the whole time was people chewing popcorn. I think I'll just be watching movies at home going forward.
Jack and Mike made it out safely. They decided to start a club to support victims of the accident. Mike and Jack welcomed many members to the club.
He was forced to work in hundreds of tall factories. Hong Kong was by for his least favorite Chinese province. He couldn't wait to go home!
One day, Greg ordered a new type of food on their menu. Greg did not like the new food. Greg did not eat the new food ever again.
In a club in Los Angeles a group with a rapper called BK was performing on stage. Charles was there. After the show Charles changed his rapping name to Bane.
On my drive in I blew out a tire. My wife wanted to go change the tire, but our second car wouldn't start. We both ended up getting towed to get our cars fixed.
So he bought special gum and patches to help him. It was hard, but he persevered. In a few months he had quit for good!
I was playing slot machines. I lost five hundred dollars. My friend won two hundred dollars
I dreamed I saw a rat running through my cabinet. I woke up and was about to call an inspector Luckily I realized it was a dream, I felt better
She answered the door after a few knocks. It was her mother at the door. Mary talked to her mother for about an hour.
He spent the track money on a couch to try to please his wife. She preferred the old couch. Dan ends up sleeping on that couch for the next week.
I set the board game aside and had not worked through understanding it all. I don't want to play it with other people. My family played the board game without me and had a great time.
But she dreamed of having her own bakery. So she worked hard for it. Cece is now the owner of her own bakery.
One day Dave messaged me to become friends on Facebook. I accepted and he ignored me. I no longer trust any cops.
He found a place in the woods but he does not have enough savings. Plus, his parents wouldn't agree. John still longed for the nature .
Alas, he wasn't homeless and was happy someone wanted to hire him. Eventually, he was offered free housing by his construction company. Finally, Jon had a place to live!
The water got really cold because he was in the shower so long. Tim had to run out of the shower immediately. His kid was laughing  when that happened.
However, we couldn't find my sister. She had already left the party before we did. Her friend gave her a ride home.
Then I picked out my favorite of all the dogs they had. I took the dog home and set up all of it's stuff. My dog and I are happy living together.
Little Susie didn't cry when her mom left her. Little Susie soon made friends. Little Susie loves going to daycare now.
On her rounds, she heard that a local hotel was looking for maids. Maria asked her neighbor if the hotel would hire her at her young age. She was overjoyed when they agreed to hire her right away!
Maurice's cousin found a terrific gray sweater that would fit him well. Although it was his favorite, Maurice's cousin lent him the sweater. Maurice was happy to have something warm to wear for winter.
Then, she sprayed another cleaner on the carpet. After that, she gently rubbed it with a towel. Luckily, there wasn't a stain left.
I ran half as fast as my friend did, and I almost fell over. When we moved to the leg exercises, I quit from exhaustion. I went into the locker room and packed up my bag for home.
He made a pile of all the logs from the trees. Rick put up a sign to sell his wood from the trees he took down. Rick was able to make a lot of money selling the wood.
Todd reached out to many gaming websites. He eventually became very popular with his live performances. Todd traveled all over the world.
Her parents let her even though she was too young. She had watched the movie at a friend's house. Now she laughs at the thought of aliens eating her brain at night.
Then I couldn't find it, I asked my brother for help. He found it right away! I was embarrassed, but relieved.
She was nervous as she crept down the empty hallway. She felt a rush of dread as she grabbed the doorknob. To her relief the door was locked.
She set up a concert fundraiser at the zoo. She played her favorite songs at the concert. The money from the concert helped the zoo with funds.
He was on his way to take his driving test. He decided to listen to music. After a while the music had him completely relaxed.
Suddenly, she felt something on her arm. She looked and saw a bee. She screamed and the bee flew off.
It hit his keys and scratched the screen. His friend said to rub coconut oil into the scratch to hide it. Jimmy was skeptical, but in the morning his phone was fine.
Rachael told me about an antique store in her home town. We decided to keep shopping. To her pleasure, Rachel found the perfect lamp!
When she arrived at the theater, there were not very many people there. Tina had a lot of fun, as did the small group that attended. She was happy she didn't go to the picnic.
I did my research, by going to the library and browsing the web. I put together my thesis on the American president. The teacher gave me an A.
Then she noticed the battery was dead. When no one was looking, she grabbed a charger. She charged her new phone while her mom finished shopping.
She eventually bought 8 ounces of it for 20 dollars. She thought it tasted okay. But after finishing it, she regret her decision of buying it.
Dana always was ignoring the students. During nap time one student began to have a seizure Dana didn't notice and failed to save the student's life.
Then I smoked weed all day. My friends came over and we played video games. It was a wonderful Sunday.
She wasn't sure she could do it. Since the teacher made her climb, she just tried her best. She made it to the top of the rope.
There was nothing to watch anyway, so Mark was glad his friend called him on his phone. Eventually Mark saw his friend and waved. His phone dropped from his hands and broke.
Once the train arrived at the station he got off and hailed a taxi. Bill was uncomfortable getting into a taxi with a Hispanic driver. The taxi left without Bill and he waited for the next one.
Richard notices that Spot is getting older, but he tries to ignore it. One day Spot gets sick and dies. Richard has lost not only his best friend, but his only friend.
Around early evening, it was time to eat without them. I carved the turkey, and my wife and I enjoyed our meal and talked. After dinner, we had some pies that my wife baked.
I tried to go back to sleep. However, the sound on my phone went off 10 more times. My friend was drunk and needed a ride home.
Gina was glad Rita chose Mary over her. But she was sad that at least Tami wasn't on her side. Gina now knew who her real friends were.
His friends got great seats and went. The show was great and they had a really good time. He hopes they come back so he can see them too.
They walked into the club. Everyone was giving them attention. They felt anxious and then left.
I watched about ten minutes. I fell asleep on my bed. I did not know Alabama won until I woke up in the morning.
They were offering bull rides to all of the kids. Karen was too scared to ride the bull. Then a cowboy gave her a pep talk and she worked up the courage.
The police advised him to check out High Street. There, he found a guy selling his wallet! Neil took it back and then bought souvenirs for everybody on his list!
When all hope seemed lost, he decided to end his life. He started working out his plan on ending his life. Overall, he succeeded and is now buried alone.
I felt intimidated by the teacher. I stealthily tried to check the papers for answers. I just barely passed that test.
The audience smiled as Laura's friend secretly subbed in for Laura and started her first piece. To Laura's surprise it was not as incredible as she thought it would be. Despite this, Laura's friend took a bow and the crowd went wild.
The chef accidentally kept the soup on the stove until it boiled. Kyle was presented with the hot soup. He tasted it and burned his mouth.
Kim began to marvel at how fast the kid was. And she burst out laughing when the keys broke on his keyboard. Kim continued to laugh and smile as he was kicked out of the library.
A waitress Sam has had a crush on for years is delighted to meet Dan. Sam is so jealous of the attention that he takes Dan back home. Before they arrive home Sam finally apologizes.
One night her dad took her swimming in the pool at a nearby YMCA. They swam for an hour. Then, they went back to the hotel and went to bed.
He was quite attractive and he happened to be doing yard work without a shirt on. She waited for him to put a shirt on, but he didn't. Twenty minutes late Jane felt relaxed and was very happy.
Worse it was red and off putting. Dan could have bought a Berkey filter system for his counter. Then he would be able to drink his own well water.
She went back through the drive through to get the correct order. Cara found a salad, parfait, and chicken wrap on the 2nd trip. But she thought it would be a good idea to eat healthier food.
He tried to scrub it out but to no avail. From that day on, he was known as Doctor Coffee. He never liked that name.
He wished he could win! But of course Ty did not win the jackpot. He was angry at himself for not buying any tickets.
He tried to mimic her movements and actions. Tom wasn't as good as his grandmother at cooking. Tom ended up burning all of his food.
I have saved up a lot of money because movie tickets are expensive! My friends agreed to go to the movies with me. Tomorrow we are seeing the first superhero movie of the year.
Kim's car got stuck for days. She and her brother shoveled the snow to pull out her car. It took 3 days minutes to finally get the burried car.
After the ball dropped at midnight, the crowd dispersed. With so many people around, Emily became separated from the group. She frantically texted and found her friends at a nearby bar.
To spice it up, he went to Walmart to buy some home decor. He bought some house plants. His apartment looked great with the new plants.
One of the best team members was up to bat. Don yelled out words of encouragement to support him. The team member then swung his bat and won the game for his team.
She hid in her room frightened that her mother would find out. Her mom then knocked on her room door noticing Linda had not left. Linda panicked and told her mom that she didn't want to take the test.
David often begged for just one more story before bed. His father would relent and start to tell him another story. David thankfully fell asleep before long.
Once in the kitchen I make my lunch and keep an eye on the tv. When I am done making my lunch, I realize that I'm going to be late. I leave through the kitchen door, go outside, and run to the bus stop still wearing my pajama's.
When she arrived home, she found a box to wrap it in. Mary presented it to her granddaughter. Her granddaughter thanked her with a hug.
I held on to my blanket and snacks while the movie ended. I saw the movie finish and took my stuff. I went back to my car and drove home.
Juan finds the food and architecture in Bangladesh stunning. He comes back with many wonderful memories. Juan is very happy that he took such an amazing trip.
Despite Johnny becoming interested in her, Mary did not love Johnny. Johnny seen Mary kissing his best friend. Johnny was heartbroken.
She filled up the pot and added the grounds. Once the coffee started brewing, she added the other ingredients. The coffee brewed and she enjoyed a nice cup of coffee alone.
He took his sweet time going through his morning routine. He was ten minutes early to work. Luckily, his boss took notice.
Luckily the first day she made a new friend. Her name was Lily. From that day forward, the two were best friends for years.
After the remodeling was finished, most people liked the changes. But Jim didn't notice the changes. He continued to walk around the mall.
He was proud of designing the layout himself. It wasn't until he met a woman that he realized there was a difference between a house and a home. She did a better job at making it a home.
I looked and saw a cardinal perched on the ground. It had struck the trunk by accident. It was fine and flew away.
He called his friends to bring the supplies and to come help him build it. They made ladders and slides to go in and out of it. The treehouse became a great place to play.
She went outside and looked at the ants. She watched them build their mound. Ana was enraptured by the ants
She began to find stamps to mail them with. She conducted research to find the best stamps. Lisa enjoyed her new hobby.
They made me sit in grass and take a picture. I smiled and put grass in my mouth. They still snapped the picture, and kept it to this day.
There wasn't much in the house to eat for breakfast anyway. She wished she could have a bowl of cereal and go back to bed. But school would ultimately be better for her than cereal and reruns of old TV shows.
Arnold's wife sat down next to them, and they talked about the rabbit. While they were reminiscing, Arnold felt the rabbit grow still. Tears fell as Arnold held his pet for the very last time.
His mom heard the noise When she saw what the jar looked like she got frustrated Gary was forced to stay in his room all day
A few seconds later, the pipe beneath the sink bursted. Water flew everywhere on the ground. My mom had to call the plumber to fix the pipe.
When she got there she found that she didn't have any clean glasses. She looked for a coffee mug to drink out of, but there were none. Eventually Janet just drank water out of a bowl.
In one audition, she forgot she wasn't wearing underwear. It wasn't recorded, but the whole room saw her private parts. Gia cried and gave up on her dreams of dancing.
The girls had to lie to find a room. They said Tina was disabled from an accident. The girls finally found somewhere to stay.
The classroom door was locked. The teacher hadn't unlocked it. She doesn't accommodate early students.
At state they were facing their rivals. In the last shootout, they were tied. They ended up winning and became the state champs.
The game lasted for two hours, his friend is very good at it. At the end of the day, his friend aced the game. Phil realized he was not good,at golf  but his friend does.
Mary yells at the umpire in frustration. The umpire takes offense and penalizes Mary. Mary is remorseful about her actions, but is still penalized.
It was hard to learn and all my equipment was valuable. In the end I made a profit from selling all the tools. I kept one piece of armor and it is among my most prized possessions.
But that night, she took a hot shower. Naya hoped the permed hair would get flat. Instead the curls got puffy and bigger.
Sentence 3: He had a big load to carry, but he didn't complain during the walk. Sentence 4: Upon arrival they discovered the pool was already open. Sentence 5: In a tired daze, he talked about his good time  loudly all the way home.
She decided to make a cake and preheated the oven according to the directions. After the oven was ready she put the cake in to bake. Norma ate the delicious cake after it was finished baking.
One day she searched on a dating site and found one. Although having a date was a lot of work, she was happy. Janice finally felt slightly less lonely.
By popular demand she goes out to buy a new sundress for the weekend. She loves the way she looks in her new sundress. Erica loves that she's always so formal.
I could fit into a very slim pair of jeans. I woke up to my overweight body. I thought it was a nice dream.
She went in to a corner store to purchase it. She purchased some gum but the total was 25 cents extra. She had her gum even though she had to pay extra.
She put on her gloves and went outside. She picked weeds for a few hours. After she picked the weeds, the yard looked much better.
So he decided to quit in order to become a zookeeper. His first few Year's at the zoo are difficult but rewarding. Carson is so happy he left his job in television.
There he told his wife that their dream would soon come true. She was very excited. Tim and his wife had a great time on their trip.
She wouldn't be able to replace the chips till they stopped at Wal-mart. Her brother laughed and showed her the empty bag. Gina's mom dropped her face into her hands.
Yet, none of the boys liked her. She worked hard and gained 40 pounds. She thins she is a pretty girl now.
Her husband had taken the family car to work. A quick walk and she was at the bus stop. She got in and she was on her way to the store.
He returned to America in a state of depression. But, he was determined to make the best of his situation. He started a non-profit for blind veterans and was successful!
We browsed the different categories. I ended up grabbing a mystery and my wife a non fiction. We are now excited to read more of these books.
However, one day he decided to apply for classes at a college. He was admitted to take classes at the school. Ronald felt proud that he finally was going to college.
Luckily, it was only a dream but she really wanto see a mermaid. She tried to scan the entire ocean. But after weeks, she had not seen any mermaids.
One day Johnny and his grandmother decided to make pie together. He sneakily saw her secret ingredient. He knew the recipe now, but the pie still never tasted as good as when he made pie with his grandmother.
We had trouble starting our car after we stopped, but finally got it going. It stopped again, and we had to sleep in the car. The next morning, the ranger told us that a bear had been spotted.
He visited the dentist only when he needed a checkup and cleaning. The dentist cleaned his teeth. The dentist also gave him a lecture about oral health.
The tablet fell on the floor and had a broken screen so he immediately tossed the receipt and was nervous he couldn't return it. He drove back to the store and explained what happened to the manager. The store gladly returned the tablet for Paul.
He called the mall and they told him they'd look through the lost and found. They found a pair like his but Joe realized they weren't his. Joe said they were and stopped looking for his pair.
A few kids were feeding them bread. Jake let them know that was bad for the cats. He gave the kids some food pellets instead.
Fortunately, it wasn't busy because of the heat. She couldn't stay in for more than ten minutes without being too hot. Instead, she sent her husband in to get what she needed.
The water fountain was dirty, but he took a drink anyway. Erin was excited to drink it. He filled the water bottle.
It took her a while, but finally the cookies she decided to make for the party were done. She packed them up and took them to the party. The cookies were well-received!
I got a lot of sun. We had a really fun day. We planned to go again soon.
I wasn't able to get there early like I wanted. But at least I made it on time. I saw my coworker being reprimanded for being late.
During school, Ethan tripped a little girl and made her cry. He also lost his homework Ethan's parents still took him to Disney
A car pulled into the driveway. Gina worried it would bring more bad news. To her delight her sister was actually alive and stepped out of the car.
Then he went into the submarine. It was dark and depressing in there. Kyo hated the design of the navy submarine!
Ben bought a toaster and put it in a box for Mischa. Meisha also bought a toaster and gave it to Ben. They laughed about the he duplicate purchases.
Sara put on a shirt, leggings and her running shoes. Careful to be aware of her surroundings, she ran for miles. After her run, she relaxed and enjoyed the rest of the sunny day.
During the party, Elena constantly tried to reach Yany. Yany knew she was calling and didn't respond. The next day, Yany lied to Elena on why she couldn't respond to her the previous night.
There was a skinny representative guy trying to help him reestablish his membership. The body builder told him all his details. Six months later the body builder could bench press 200 lbs.
She went to watch her friends at a meet this weekend. She cheered as her team ran by. She cheered when they placed 1st place.
He ordered a case for 20$ off of eBay. He got the case in the mail the next day. Bob put the case on his phone to protect it.
When we took the car out it got dirty and we took the car to the cleaner. After scrubbing for a while, the car looked great. On the way home it decided to start raining again.
He beats the sticks like drums. Many people stop to hear the music. Joe ends up playing for thirty happy people.
Terry knew John was a fast worker. Terry asked John for tips. John advised Terry to try and move the mouse faster.
He then desired to do something adventurous. He decided to climb a mountain. He climbed a mountain and felt like he could quit his exercise regime.
Fred ran outside to see what was going on. The noise got very loud. Fred watched a few tress fall to the ground then went back inside.
On one attempt, Alexia's friend dropped the ball on her toe by accident. She screamed in pain. However luckily she did not have to go to the ER.
She turned down an invitation to come be a guest anchor on their news show. She didn't care about becoming well-known in her town. Now, someone else is the lead anchor of a major national news program.
I tried to get it off off my welcome mat but could not stomach it. I kicked at it but refused to touch it. The lizard finally flew away from my house.
She rummaged in the cupboard for some dishes. She settled on a bowl and plate. Essie was satisfied with her husband's breakfast.
I heard that the tide drew people out. Before they knew they couldn't feel the ground. They have to wave over someone to help them get back to shore.
Everyone would tell me how much they loved my pancakes. I asked my sister if she would like some pancakes. I had breakfast with my sister and the pancakes were perfect!
He seemed very realistic, so we named him Wadley. After a month of admiring Wadley, our dad showed up with Wadley's 17 kids and a wife! We now have a total of 19 duck statues.
He made a note to remember this location. These pennies made a total of thirty dollars he found that year. The man figured at that rate he'll have $60 by December.
She told them to stand back a little as she put oil and a cup of popcorn kernels in the kettle on the burner. The kids got excited as the popcorn overflowed the kettle. Debbie laughed and pretended she did it on purpose.
Pete gathered Seth, and was excited to share it with him. But 10 minutes into playing with it, Seth wandered off to play video games. He realized his son didn't care about the gift as much as he did.
He told me it was made of clay and we should go to the hospital. On the way I suffered a stroke and now I cannot use my left hand. He got me a new paperweight that does not look like food.
I used to sneak several cookies through that window and gobbled them up. My mom would ask me how I thought the box was three cookies short. I would tell her it must have been a counting error at the factory!
Don decided he wanted to become King! The Don fought many enemies and finally triumphed! With the help of his friends the Don made his country great again.
Larry joined the military as a pilot and got a bachelor's degree. Larry applied to become an astronaut and was accepted. Larry is now very happy with his life as an astronaut.
Margaret hates hamburgers. Regardless, she accepted the challenge. Margaret did not even come close to winning.
Suddenly, Kevin felt a sharp pain in his foot. He looked down and saw he was nipped by a crab. He hobbled to the lifeguard station and they called 911 for help.
I forgot to prepare his food. After sleeping I finally remembered to feed him. He ate every single bite!
He put on his headphones. He forgot about the bluetooth speakers. Eventually his neighbors walked downstairs to complain.
The driver fled on foot. Police arrived and chased him down. No one was seriously injured but we missed the concert .
The sweater was a light gray and cashmere from J Crew. Janie didn't feel confident and cool now that she couldn't wear the garment. When she wore to it to school, she got many compliments.
No one wanted to go over the bridge. Lily did not want to go to that island She went with the other friends to the mall
She couldn't believe it had been fifteen years! She wanted this marriage to make it all the way. Til death do they part.
Bob stood up strong on his legs. Bob called a friend on his cell phone. Bob was excited to tell his friend how careful he was being.
The drawers weren't loose and didn't open too easily. Gina didn't worry that her jewelry would fall out of the drawers. Just then she tripped on her own shoe.
She snuck into her dad's room. She snuck up to him ever so quietly. Then Devious screamed as loud as she could and gave him a fright!
A heckler goes after Carrie and he says something back. The crowd laughs and applauds. Carrie is a great comedian
The next night they took the kitten for a drive in their car. Kevin sat in the back and petted the cat to keep it calm. Scamp ran back and forth across the car seat when he saw a skunk.
His wife did all the cooking so he got to relax all morning. After a holiday feast, he would help with the dishes. Then he got to relax all afternoon.
So he asked his boss for a vacation. Tim drove to Mexico the next day. He spent the weekend visiting his grandparents.
Tom decided on the Bible. Tom thought that was an important book to read. Tom read the Bible.
I saw the restroom signs and they grabbed my attention. I did what I needed and went to my car. I went home and drank water while watching the news.
He liked the advanced literature class so much that he decided to join a book club after school. Jim is reading two books a week and is barely keeping up. Jim is thinking about quitting the book club.
Some of the responses George received were very positive. George reviewed his feedback so he could make needed improvements. His application was a success.
His musical strength helped him discover he had a talent for it! The next year, he applied himself and joined the school band. This gave him confidence, a good hobby, and a strong college application.
One friend was busy on weekends. Another could not go during the week. By the time Julie decided to start planning the trip for a holiday, nobody else could go!
Boris applied to many apprenticeships just as he needs. Then he began to work at a small butchery. After many years, Boris has his own shop and was very happy he did not become a crickter.
So he decided to go swimming at his friend's house. But he swam there so often that he didn't need his own pool. Ian was glad that he was able to swim though.
She parked her car and ran to greet the other horses. Fiona saddled her horse and rode around the pasture. The horse was in a good mood and Fiona had a good ride.
My friend saw this once, and wanted to try the same thing. He decided to put beets in it, though. I told him this was a mistake, but he thought it was successful.
For Casey's birthday they decided to get her one. They went to the store and picked out a puppy Casey got the puppy and was super happy!
To my delight they were delicious, as I expected. I immediately went out to buy more. I also recommended them to my friends.
He moves to an outside table but a loud couple sits at a table next to him. He moved back inside the library, and found a quiet corner. He sneezed, prompting a nearby library to shush him.
As they chewed, their faces registered distaste. The casserole was terrible, but they didn't want to hurt her feelings! They all lied and told Ella the casserole was delicious.
One day a movie producer heard him performing. The producer asked Steve to meet with him to discuss business. Steve got to sign to a contract and record the music for a movie.
He has been growing dissatisfied with new games. As such, his recent reviews have been thoughtful and thorough regarding flaws. His audience appreciates his careful touch and await his new writings.
He was bitten by a snake when he came to the Grand Canyon as a child. He got very sick but did not die. Gary will never go back to the Grand Canyon.
When she looked outside, the ground was covered in snow! She couldn't wait to go outside to build a snowman. She hurried through breakfast so that she could go play.
He slaved over the recipe books for hours. He couldn't present a meal to his girlfriend. She would have loved it.
A guy told Roz the stone looked like a fake diamond. Roz began to have doubts about the ring. Then she began doubting her boyfriend's love.
Suddenly her mom brought in her old stocking. Her stocking got a huge rip through it. Aubrey was so upset but luckily her mom was able to fix it.
My mother said she did not believe he was dishonest. One week later my mother called me crying. She told me that she caught her new husband cheating on her.
It didn't make sense to Lisa that she hadn't heard back from him. She waited for a response. Blaine was also waiting for a response, and didn't understand why she ignored him!
I was so nervous. We have a big physics exam today! My heart sunk, because I had no hope of passing.
First he had to do all of his school work. Finally, he went to have some oatmeal. Unfortunately, he discovered that his oatmeal had gone bad.
There was an old antique store for sale. He took out a loan and put an offer in on the building. The seller accepted his offer.
She searched the house in a frenzy for her keys. No keys were found. She immediately threw her clothes on and ran to a nearby subway.
Amy waited quietly for Beth to enter the surprise baby shower. She was shocked when she saw only Amy. Beth was so disappointed since she thought her friends cared to give her a shower.
He decided to be funny and threw a water balloon at me. The water balloon missed me and hit my book. The book got wet and was unreadable.
She planted lots of different types of vegetables. She tended to her garden for many weeks. After a while, Leah had fresh vegetables every day.
The kids went down the ice and I caught them. We also skated around the rink. After the rink we walked home and had a snack.
She had a slice at a new restaurant and raved about the sweet treat she had eaten. She took us all out last night to the same restaurant. We all ate the apple pie for dessert.
Everyone knew Sara was allergic to chocolate. Sara couldn't have a slice of cake. She would have gotten very sick and thrown up.
Dean and his wife had a talk about children. His wife felt the same way that he did about children. Many years later after buying a house, they both decided to have a child and raise a family together.
He went to buy some, but couldn't find any. The carpet stayed dirty. Chuck was sad that he didn't clean the carpets that day.
He has set each new client up with a diet and exercise plan. He loves that he gets to help people reach their fitness goals. He also loves that he gets paid to work out!
Mike told his boss he needed money badly. His boss decided to give him a $1000 bonus! Mike left work happy with his bonus.
I turned up the heat in my house to stop the shivering. I put on warm clothes and felt good. I  slept with extra blankets that night because it was still cold.
Tom then took a prescription to the pharmacy. Tom obtained some medication and it made him feel better. Tom returned to work and was very productive.
After a month, Nina's untreated tumor tripled in size. As a result, it was now too large for treatment. Her palliative-care sessions started the next day.
Henrik wants something else. He made his parents proud by becoming a hairdresser. He built a chain of successful salons and they were really amazed at him.
She picked out some sandals, and the clerk complemented them. Another customer saw and wanted a pair as well. The clerk ended up with 2 sales from Jane and the other customer , and  then Jane left.
The hobbies took 30 hours every single weekend. By the time a month had ended she was much fitter. She felt quite pleased and proud of herself.
However, it took a very long time for them to get used to each other. Eventually, they settled their differences and became friends. Now his dogs are inseparable.
His friends made fun of how he ran. One day he practiced being careful with how he ran and fell. He never ran again.
By the time he was done, the sun was setting. Exhausted, Aaron collected all of his items and headed home. He finally got a good night's sleep and came back out the next day refreshed.
One Friday she lost track of time while at a party. She tried to sneak in at 1:40 by crawling through the window. She was put on restriction when her father caught her.
When getting to the DMV it was crowded people everywhere Bertha took her number and sat down until called up Bertha got tired of waiting and just left.
Suddenly, they pulled into a parking lot. He looked around and saw animal decorations. He realized they were at the zoo already!
His mother took his temperature and called the doctor when he got home and was still feeling sick. She made an appointment for later that afternoon. The little boy would feel better soon.
Robert had waited until the last day to begin the final essay. Robert decided not to copy an essay he found online. Robert's teacher liked what he did and gave him a good grade.
The cat was orange and fluffy. Julie was happy to finally have a pet of her own but had lost it. Julie lost his first cat.
When Brad got done with work the next day, Nate called him. He tried to ask if they can hang out for tomorrow. Brad immediately hung up.
She had her mom teach her how to order on the phone. Sara picked up the meal. It was a great success.
She looked at paintings at a fair to buy. She browsed for three hour without buying any paintings. Then a painting caught her eye and she used it for inspiration.
Her dad urged to try it again, but this time with cocktail sauce. When she dipped her shrimp in the sauce and tasted, she smiled. The cocktail sauce made Ada enjoy the shrimp.
As soon as I opened the milk carton it smelled terrible. The milk had spoiled. Now I have to go buy more.
He happily drove his car to the fault line. Once there he took his seismograph from the trunk. Ted knew it was going to be an educational day.
Later she picked out a spot to put her garden. Sally plowed up the ground. Next she planted her seeds.
Angelo slowly looked around to see if the owner was nearby. He managed to eat the sandwich with the owner in the distance. The owner was sad that he lost his delicious sandwich, he nearly cried!
My wife was driving down the street. The sister in law said to slow down. We all laughed as the speedometer read 20 mph.
While walking the dog, Willie often whistled. The neighbors moved one day without notice. Willie bo longer walks the dog.
I was unable to live a happy life without a radio. So I decided to buy a new radio. I'm glad I threw my old radio away.
Sam sipped the coffee and knew that she gave him special coffee. When she came back with his food he thanked her. The server lifted her head in pride and Sam gave her a huge tip.
Then she saw three smaller snails passing by the snail she stepped on. Alex watched and waited for the remaining snails to cross the sidewalk. She felt happy knowing that not all of the snail family made it safely across.
Gina didn't realize he came in the back door already. She was embarrassed when she heard his voice in the house. She ran inside and gave him a hug.
Stan finally got a prescription which found to be very effective for air sickness On his next flight, Stan took his medicine and he didn't get sick. Stan now volunteers to fly because he no longer gets sick.
While the kids were climbing ropes, he was flying up them. He thought he was very clever back then. But as he hung from a cliff by a vine he marveled at the irony.
Unsure what to do, she just hung out in the yard. She was cold and bored for a really long time. Finally, he let her back inside after he calmed down.
He found a little duck trying to get to the pond. He was comforted by the light breeze and he stared at the duck. The duck wobbled to join it's family.
Coco left without the vaccine. Coco then contracted Malaria in Malaysia. Coco realized she needs to remember to get a vaccine next time.
He pinched the bridge of his nose with his fingers. He leaned forward and waited. After ten minutes, Robert was happy that the bleeding had stopped.
Janice hid it from her dad. He didn't punish her because he didn't know about the fallen table box. She didn't dare do anything besides sleep for a few days.
Traffic had been accepted from the interstate. Finally, the bridge was completed. The bridge developed a huge crack and the bridge was closed.
After school they ran into each other. At the same time they leaned in and kissed each other The moment was surreal
I decided to invest despite of having a double mind. I am hoping to see my investment again. The business was a hit and I made a nice return.
Suddenly, a truck raced through the intersection behind my car. It was a close call I was still thinking about a week later. I could have been killed if that car accident really happened.
He loves his hot dog, but the cole slaw left much to be desired. Ernest complained. He got a free soda.
George stayed home, got somewhat drunk, and started watching a show called Luther on tv. He saw a girl named Alice on the show, and thought they would hit it off well. George started to feel like he could start dating again.
One day a man recognized Jon from his pickpocket days. Jon tried to run away but the man tackled him Jon was sent to prison for theft
Inti provides free soccer training, as well as remedial English. A lot of the Inti kids need after school tutoring. I hope It continues to help the poor kids of Minneapolis.
He had forgotten to fasten the hood latch after starting the car. The hood flew open and hit the windshield while he was driving. He died during the accident due to the windshield being smashed to pieces.
The dress I wanted was gold and red and absolutely stunning. I want to find it so I could try it on. I can only imagine that the way the dress fit would be amazing and I would immediately purchase if I could find it.
Jimmy would bird watch with her with his dad's hunting binoculars. One day the neighbor's dad came knocking on the door. Jimmy's family had been invited over for dinner!
Kyle thanked him and mentioned that it was her new lipstick Kyle's boss was amazed and told everyone to look at her lips. Kyle became embarrassed of this weird attention.
They came up with a plan. She started the new diet with confidence. In the end, she lost twenty pounds and felt great about it.
He took a risk by uploading a video of his plumbing work. He gained a lot of viewers and got his promotion. He now continues to be a plumber for a good living.
Just as the battle was beginning to turn, the young man slipped. The older man held onto the other to stop him from falling. The man refused and soon his foolishness cost him his life.
Colin memorized all the words. His friend Trudy ran out onto the ice and cheered him up. Colin sang the anthem with all of his heart.
She found out the pool hired middle school volunteers. They offered her a summer internship! She loved working at the pool all summer.
Blake worked hard to save more money to buy an acoustic guitar. Finally he had enough to buy a new guitar. Now he plays every day.
The brownies just turned into the same ugly green-brown color. All his guests were unsure if they should eat them. Jim ate five in a row to prove that they were still good to eat.
Jeb sprained his ankle. He went to the doctor to get an ankle wrap. Eventually Jeb's ankle was fully recovered
But they are just sitting under the trees doing nothing. I realized the problem. It was too hot!
She did the exercises her mother suggested to try and calm down. That didn't work though. Finally she took anxiety medicine to feel better.
Ashley had bought him a cell phone a month ago. This was right around the time when his grades started being good. Ashley gave the cellphone to her son as a reward.
She entered a contest where the first prize was a modeling class. Unfortunately, a girl named Rufus took the first prize instead. Though she hadn't won, Beverly was determined to be a model.
Unfortunately however, he was disappointed. When he saw Lucy he still tried to ask her out. Because she's polyamorous, she said yes.
He yelled on his teacher and his teacher was so shock so when the teacher pressed the stapler. It landed on Brad's finger. He ended up with a bruise
It didn't feel right right handed so he quickly became frustrated. He learned he was left handed later. He continued to be insecure about his handwriting.
It must have died before it came out the back of me. At least I didn't have to chase it around. Anyway, I killed it after all.
She hadn't done anything to help. So, she chewed some Tums, just in case They would probably help prevent another aching stomach.
Somehow, Bill's phone went flying and landed on the floor with a loud thud. When he picked it up the screen was smashed. The next day Bill bought a new phone.
Her mom stopped her as she was about to leave for school. Her mom told her that school was canceled due to the snowstorm. Kim was elated and spent the rest of her day watching movies.
Next to it was a lighthouse and they decided to pay the money to go on top. Their legs hurt from all the walking. When they saw the top, they realized it was worth it.
The four of them drove to the accident location. Kate relaxed as she realized the daughter was not hurt. At the end of the night, she liked them a lot.
He was happy because his parents would have made him work at the restaurant if he didn't find a job. They figured if he can't work, he might as well help the family. Now he works 4 times a week at the local bank.
One day, he told himself he would slow down his weight loss no matter what. So he reduced his exercise for many months every single day. In one year he was fit and had lost weight at a healthy rate.
His prospective boss said that he had to demonstrate some advanced hairstyles. On the very last hair cut his hand twitched and the scissors slipped. He not only cut off the customer's ear but he got arrested.
Michael did not ask for them because he knew the store was closed. His dad saw him looking at the orange shoes through the store window. His dad asked him if he thought they had his size and told him they'd come back tomorrow.
His mother usually helped him package the chicken. This time, he tried to do it himself. Unfortunately, he measured wrong, and the chicken wouldn't fit in the container.
The fisherman cast his line hoping to get the attention of some. A fish grabbed the line and yanked it hard. This caused the fisherman to fall over in the river with a splash.
She decided to go to the adoption shelter first to make sure she still wanted to do this. The consensus came up negative. She talked to herself more to make sure and she felt the same.
He was loved by his coworkers and the custoemrs of his company. One day, a group of customers formed, and they hugged Paul. Paul enjoyed that his customers loved him so much.
Then she heard they offered a lesson in needlework. Tia went back and made all kinds of crafts. She really loved her crafting class!
But she couldn't, and while waiting for the truck she counted the cars going in the tunnel. By the time the truck came she counted 133 cars. By the time she left the area she counted 274 cars.
The ball was heavy and small. Rick ran and threw the ball in the air, but it fell on his head. Rick cried when daddy took the ball away.
She said the other house with the sleep-over was infested with bed bugs. Joy was glad when she heard their  sleep-over was cancelled. But Joy's mom heard of the infestation and made her clean their  house.
Suddenly, the people found him. They started to love him and his artwork. He kept his twitter account.
Sally nervously asked Jane if they could still be friends. Jane happily accepted Sally's proposal. Sally and Jane have been good friends for over a year now.
Matthew is very proud of his skills. He shows off his new skill to anyone who visits the house. The visitors tell him he sounds great.
He wanted to show them to me. I was uncomfortable letting in a stranger. He continued to try as I shut the door.
Consequently, he was proud of himself. Shawn realized that going to class is optional if he wants to pass. Shawn started stopped going to class and he kept passing all of his finals.
However, he lost his train ticket. He was sad. However, the conductor said he could ride for free.
The light fell on the ground and broke. The cave explorer felt around in the dark for his spare. He couldn't find it and had to crawl out of the cave.
On her first day, she found out what hard work it was. However, at the end of the day, her tips were worth all that work. Teresa has learned to really enjoy waitressing.
Even the bank associate kept asking if his parents knew he was doing this. The short man cursed at the associate for being so rude. The associate laughed because it was funny to hear such a short man curse.
Larry swims laps in the pool for about an hour as planned. He leaves the pool feeling exhilarated. Larry is very happy that he has finally used the pool.
But his teacher had already caught him and called him out! She made Sam apologize in front of the whole class. Sam was mortified.
She was ready to try skydiving again two weeks later. Rachel went up in the airplane. She then decided not to jump out of the airplane!
He proudly strode on to the field, head held high. A football hit him in the nose at high speed, making it bleed. Shawn now plays chess, still donned in sportswear.
Sam handed the man a tip and thanked him for the help. The man saluted Sam and left. Sam started up the truck and finished the route.
A lot of friends asked why we didn't have the event. We ate pizza instead. At the end of the night we watched fireworks.
I am hoping that I won't do something wrong. I tried to do my very best. Everything turned out fine.
She decided to bring home boxes full of toy swords. She took the swords out of their packaging and handed them out. All the kids at the party had fun playing with their safe weapons.
I ordered my favorite singer's latest album online. I listened straight through to every track. I heard a lyric in a song saying that the singer's sister was gay.
She had to rent a pole. Her dad bought her fake bait. Sue didn't mind baiting her hook with the fake bait.
Tim slipped on the old produce ad. He landed on his wrist. Tim ended up spraining his wrist.
Although she got paid today, she didn't want to spend any money. We argued for several minutes. Overall, we ended up eating leftovers from the fridge.
Later in the night he got severely sick from not eating. Tom had to go to the hospital. It turned out he hadn't eaten in a week.
She loved it but it made her stomach grumble. Maia realized that the frosting was made with butter and she was allergic. Two minutes later, her stomach gurgled and Mais was very uncomfortable.
He was practicing on the field one day. But he ruptured his muscle badly. His hand grew two times the normal size that day.
After she had given up, the string broke and the kite flew up into the stratosphere. Lighting struck the kite and it flew down to earth. Later, Wendy looked out the window and noticed her broken kite and cried.
Tim was smiling as he was eating his dinner. Suddenly he spilled his dinner all over his pants. His date laughed and Tim was embarrassed.
One time, a big cat got angry and chased Ernesto back. Ernesto got really scared and run away. He came back to his house to ask for hugs.
She loved posters of any group and it was her favorite part of the mag. After reading the magazine she carefully removed the staples. She didn't put holes in the posters by ripping them out.
She scavenged the fridge to see what she felt like eating. She stopped when finding the seaweed snacks. She happily took her snacks to eat.
The entire office heard several congradulating noises. The boss approached the girls. He praised them for their work.
Eventually she figured she would just get a variety of his favorite. Instead of paying, she tried to steal them. She got away with it and he got drunk.
But Marcie started itching anyway, then Darrel. They went to bed still scratching their legs. In the morning they discovered ticks in their bedrolls.
She has a raid tomorrow night with her guild. Her computer won't turn on this morning. A guild member sent her a power supply and it fixed the problem.
Ida approached him and comforted him. Then she led him to the front of the store. There, she paged the dog's owner.
Confused, she looked at the ground. When instructed she entered his office and took a seat. Gina didn't know if she was in a lot of trouble or not.
I walked back to my desk to enjoy my cake. Kevin saw that I was eating the cake. He told me his wife had made it the night before.
A friend, Bruce, wanted to see who could throw the farthest. They each threw 10 passes. Bruce out-threw Johnny by 20 yards!
Becky's volleyball coach warned the whole team to stop chewing while playing. Even though she never did anyway, Becky agreed not to chew gum while playing. The team concentrated on playing instead of chewing.
He then went to tutoring three times a week. He ended up getting an A- in the class. He's thankful that he got help for it.
The kids were all very excited. They arrived at Disneyworld and had a fun time riding all the rides. The kids and Miss Susie got on the bus to go back to school.
They had fun seeing the view. Her family ended the day cooking dinner on a campfire. They were all very tired when they got home.
Alas, Jimmy was hardheaded, and did not seek advice. Instead of going into the jungle, Jimmy went to destroy the barracks Jimmy was fired for insubordination.
When Same dropped a dish his father laughed. He laughed so hard he patted him on the back. Same never forgave him for that night.
They got mad and decided to ignore me that day. When I passed them in school, they made fun of me. They also smacked my book bag on the ground.
I bought new workout clothes to feel good while exercising. My first day workout out was exhausting. I don't know how long I will keep my resolution.
He was cutting some wood. A piece flew up and hit his goggles. Tom's eyes were safe.
They needed wool so everyone contributed, Joey was glad to help the homeless. Much to his surprise he found he liked to knit. That night at home he knitted two more scarves to donate.
She auditioned for the orange box dance company. There were a lot of potential dancers at the competition. Shirley got the part as lead dancer in a music video.
A beautiful lady she her and she looked friendly. So Egypt started meowing, meowing, scratching and showing her belly. Her antics worked and the lady adopted her.
Mary rushed Luna to the vet where they told her Luna was dead. Mary agreed to let go of the cat. Hours later she was told that she could leave with the remains.
She never brought me sugar cookies. I even wrote her a poem when I left. But she gave me a frown.
I had a hard time blowing it out. Asked her why there wasn't only one candle. She said that would be no fun.
He looked up different covering options online. Tim was able to find one that matched his decor. He copied the looks and it fit great.
The coupon was to Subway. I was ecstatic. I couldn't wait to go.
He texted too fast and dropped his phone on the floor of the car. His phone screen had cracked. He picked the phone up and got out of the Uber sadly.
The policeman approached Mark and his son. He offered the little boy a toy from the bag because the boy was scared. Mark thanked the man as his son picked a toy.
One day Lucy thought about getting a land line phone and cell phone. Nobody uses land lines now since they invented cell phones. Lucy got just a cell phone and saved herself an extra monthly bill.
But the artist just wasn't her style. She finally gave up and played another CD. Gina realized why she never buys a whole album from this artist.
Henry spoke to his building manager about the issue. The manager promised to install a shower mat. Henry's showers were now safe thanks to the shower mat.
We were in her place today. We found she had dissuaded her son from taking his Naproxen. We counseled her on the necessity of drugs in some situations but she refused to listen.
They put on old clothes and boots. They jumped around in the puddle for hours. They were covered in mud from head to toe by the time they went in.
Will drove to his nearby Baskin-Robbins ice cream shop. Will ordered a chocolate sundae. As he ate the sundae, Will congratulated himself on a solid choice.
John went to his shed and organized it. After starting it up, John was confident the lawn mower was working. He cleaned up for an hour, and then his shed looked great again.
As she got to the beach there were people everywhere for miles. She was stuck with the crowds for over an hour. Finally she had decided that she should probably just go home.
It didn't matter, as her nails were perfectly filed. They were also painted and beautiful. She left with sour feeling anyway and never went back.
He was looking at the road while waiting. He watched as a car veered to the side of the lane. Jake saw it hit another car and both crashed.
While Jenna was informing them, some bullies tried to intimidate her into promising them some as well. Jenna's grandma rushed out of the house, wielding a broom. The bullies made a hasty retreat.
He walked to the big snowy hill. Jason climbed to the top with his legs. Jason went down the big hill on his legs.
Summer was ending. It was almost time for her least favorite seasons. Jenny disliked autumn.
They took selfies hugging and catching up with each other. Charles was offended and made a record disrespecting Common. Common tried to ignore the insult but the song went viral.
She did crunches at night. Soon she noticed improvement. Ina kept with her program until she had washboard abs!
When the light turned green Roger did not race the man. Roger was left behind, but the other car crashed in his excitement. Roger learned his lesson and never raced again.
Many customers were frightened. Although the snake didn't get loose it was able to crawl into the mice cage. The snake ate two mice.
When she was ten, her grandfather became very ill. After a few months of illness, her grandfather got well again. Jacque loved him intensely, and always felt happy while star gazing.
Luke got a big bowl and filled it up. After he was done he felt full. Luke had a lot of ice cream, luckily he didnt have to eat dinner.
She spent almost a full day admiring the castle architecture. She saw all kinds of sculptures and masonry. But she did not see any monsters at all!
There were a lot of grains of sand he could see when he woke up for a moment. He tried to count them to fall back asleep. He succeeded because there was too much sand to count.
He could barely hear his television. Angrily, he pounded on the floor with a broom handle. The neighbors must have heard because they stopped arguing.
The next weekend her sister showed up at her doorstep. She said she wanted to see her in person since she was so ill. Laura said she just had a cold and that she wasn't going to die.
One day, Donna found a wedding ring under the desk. She researched to find it's owner. Upon return, the owner thanked her many times.
Frank loved showing the soft little creature to his friends. He would give it food and fresh water every morning. The kitten was a great new addition to his house!
Barry was later known for his academic achievements. Barry continued learning and earning degrees. Still to this day, Barry is known as being smarter than most.
She was excited until she looked down. She took a deep breath and jumped off. She laughed all the way to the bottom!
We thought about scuba diving but worried he'd get severe pain in his head. The head pain could be caused by sinus pressure in deep water. Wes decided to stick to snorkeling in shallow water.
The tow truck got on the highway to take Kim home. The wind was high and hard on the highway. The tow truck was being pushed about as it drove Kim home.
I got great grades in school, and excelled in my studies. Toward the end of my schooling, my school shutdown. was devastated, but decided to do truck driving on my own.
Lily was sad and depressed. She wanted to look better. But at the dance everyone complimented her on her dress.
He pedaled as fast as he could. The lion tried to run with him. Jon had never been so nervous in his life.
Joe was surprised at how he acted so he practiced a bit more. But he lost to his friend the second time they played. Joe was satisfied that the score was much closer though.
Since she chose the regular washer, it took longer to wash her clothes. When she returned, her clothes smelled fresh. The regular washer was the right choice for her to have made.
I wanted to ride a pony named Dash. Dash got his name because he was faster than the bigger horses. Me and Dash became acquainted while everyone else got to the end of the trail.
Once inside, they quickly lost track of each other. The various ghosts and ghouls frightened the wits out of the kids. The kids emerged from the house, sweaty but satisfied.
She prayed to God and nothing happened. She still believed. Her faith was very strong.
They didn't like his accent. He was treated poorly. Nick is now happy to be home.
They were working well even though they were used too much. Ricky ordered a new pair of headphones online. They arrived in the mail the next day.
She woke up very sick but did not want to miss work. When Diana started to get ready for work she got dizzy. She decided to take a sick day and felt better within 24 hours
I wiped the water off my face and got dressed. I then grabbed some deodorant and went looking for my brother. I found him in the basement and wiped deodorant all over his face.
He washed the ingrediants and started to prepare the salad. Simon invited all of his friends over to try the salad. As he was moving the salad to the table, he tripped and spilled it!
At his first game, he entered a contest to win a mystery prize. To enter, he had to write a story about his favorite player. Sam won, and the prize was dinner with his favorite player!
Bobbi had just graduated from cosmetology school and was glad to help. On the day of the performance the cousins were both excited. The ballet was beautiful and so was Hope!
What type of peanut butter could it be. Carl explored the kitchen and found out. It was chunky!
His buddy Cam told him he preferred to work out with a partner. Brian obliged and they chatted as they exercised together. In just weeks, each boy had built big muscles!
John wanted to like dodgeball. So John trained himself for dodgeball. John played the game, won it for his team and started liking it.
One day he tries jumping into a lake but he slips and breaks his leg. Now Mike needs to wear a cast for almost 6 months. Mike starts to regret his adventurous nature.
Her father forgot to wake up the next day. He was drinking all night. Luckily the ocean wasn't going anywhere and the family enjoyed swimming all day.
They had creepy cabins and killer hideouts in the woods. One day they told me there were skeletons in the trees to scare me. Since I was little, they did not want me around.
Mario felt bad for the squirrel and spared the tree. He then went out to buy a fake tree instead. He is much happier with his choice now.
He'd bet the whole family's fortune on the final round losing. He'd won it, of course. Dan couldn't bear to face his family after the game.
He tried to make his way out the parking lot. There were just too many people. Jeeves left.
With a little help, she started her reselling business. She discovered that many people on ebay liked soft leggings. Her business is quite successful.
They spent 1 day looking for the apartment. It ended up being next to a hotel. Their road trip would have many adventures to come.
Gina went to her teacher requesting his desk be moved. The teacher was hesitant initially. But Gina convinced her it would be best for the class.
To make things easier she drew a map of her yard. In the far right corner she had no room to draw in a shed. Sam didn't like the way that this map looked without a shed.
They stopped in front of a soda stand. Keigan and her sister got sodas. They then made their way to the ferris wheel.
Mom tried calling him just to make sure he was there. She never got an answer to her phone calls. She found him eating lunch with his secretary in his office.
Dior began applying for jobs everywhere he could. He ended up with three jobs offers. Dior accepted all three offers and now eats a more balanced dinner.
I found some for only one dollar a pound. However, I didn't know what kind of produce it was. I ended up taking it home and eating it all.
Bill edited his document so that his report was in black ink. Bill sent the new document to the printer. Bill's boss was glad that Bill was able to do his correct work on time.
However he knew that it wouldn't last forever anyway. He had an idea. He ordered a camera to capture all of the memories next time.
Jake leaped at the chance and got his gear ready. He was very excited when they got the fishing spot. Jake wound up catching a big trout that day and was very happy.
Naturally, he didn't develop skin cancer. Luckily, he never had to beat the cancer. Then, he dedicated his life to teaching others about skin safety.
They had a picnic in the park and drank lemonade. Then they drank beer and watched the star from the roof of his apartment building. Tim fell for her.
When she opened the door to get the dog back in, she was surprised. A few yards from the house, the dog was playing with another animal. It was a small deer that seemed to think it was a dog, too.
Her daughter is trying to cheer her up. They are going to Aruba next week. We hope she will feel better.
Last summer it was late when they arrived at the cabin. Sam saw there was a hole in the wall. He cut down a tree and fixed it.
She decided to head to the store for some. But after tasting the store-bought versions, she was disappointed. If she'd known they would taste like this, she'd have just bought ingredients to make them at home.
All of those pal's words said sweet things. This led the pals to having an discussion about the intentions. The pals talked so much they didn't even finish the game.
So she decided to do the right thing and call the cat's owner. The owner was so happy, she promised Me one of the kittens. So Em finally got a cat!
Bribing him worked, but he started following and harassing him anyways. The man hurried away, and right into traffic and a speeding bus! Chucky tripped, knocking the doctor out of the way, and got hit.
He was very grateful to his parents Ron loved not having a car payment. Ron drove his car everywhere
I decided to go outside and enjoy it instead. Within seconds I was covered in pollen. I ran back in sneezing like a crazy person.
When she looked in the mirror it looked great. Unfortunately, it grew back way too soon. Kelly had to go back and get it done again.
John and Mike started to play catch. And the bully noticed them. The boys and the bully decided to all play catch together.
She decided not to cook or have sex with him. He assured her he had plenty of money and no mistress. She didn't stop nagging so he punched her in the eye.
I decided to teach her. She almost drowned on the first day. I gave up and enrolled her in swimming classes.
Then she adds her favorite bubbles. Since she stays awake, she reads a book in the bathtub. Her bubble bath relaxes her and helps her sleep after.
His son Timmy ate a banana for breakfast. Jim went to the market to buy milk but he didn't need any bananas Jim's mom came over for a surprise visit and brought even more bananas.
Nancy said that crying over someone isn't worth it. The next day, Haley ran into Nancy. She was mad that her boyfriend dumped her and started up with Nancy.
When I was eating I noticed a competition entry in the bowl. It asks you to submit your flavor for a chance to win. I'm still waiting for my cheeto flavor idea.
He did not think he would ever make any friends. He finally met some people but never made friend and never became popular. Joe decided he disliked his new school.
I turned and turned the snow blower to clear the walkway. I didn't have to wait a week for the snow to melt. In all that time I was able to check my mail.
She told the husband to hurry up and go home. The husband didn't listen and they stayed out two more hours. When they got home there was a big fight.
There were no children, but there was a singer. My wife masqueraded as Sponge Bob, and I wore a transit outfit. We had a lot of fun, and took plenty of photos.
My fingers were the perfect size to reach all the keys I needed to. Over time, I grew and improved. By the time I was 12 Year's old I could play Beethoven.
She went to the kitchen and got another glass. She poured what was left of her wine into it. Wren carefully threw the cracked glass away and cleaned up the wine stain with Lysol wipes.
He put his snowboard up publicly. Tim noticed later that it was missing. He looked everywhere but never got it back.
He put on his spare later and took the tire to the tire shop. The mechanic was able to get the nail out of the tire for free. Bill did not have to buy a new tire and was very happy.
One day I just stopped caring. My lover came back with the same old same old stuff. I broke up with him and never looked back.
She was occasionally eating it. She asked for a gift card to a candy store. She received 3 that year.
Fortunately, she had her computer to write her ideas down. She laughed as a squirrel ran by being chased a goose. She jumped up suddenly, filled with more inspiration after the funny sight.
They decided not to take their time and not to stop at lakes to swim. It was a hot summer, and those hours spent swimming would have cooled them off. Skipping these lake breaks made the trip much shorter, and well worth it.
Glen ordered room service alone at the hotel. She ate her food and thought about sightseeing activities. She decided to go to the Montreal Canadiens game the next day.
When she started to write her paper she was distracted by her friends. They had stopped by to hang out with her. Luckily, Emily still had time.
The cab ended up coming early. He got in the cab. He arrived on time.
The night before it was due, she panicked. She had read the wrong book! She had to stay up until almost 3AM to finish the novel.
There was even a large cash reward offered for news of him. But Jim managed to escape again. The authorities never spotted him again.
After months of pestering, she relents. Two weeks later her house is destroyed in a fire. She thanks Dan for investing her money.
She hadn't meant to fall asleep but soon hours passed. When she woke up she found her brushed hardened with paint. As she grew tired, she go to sleep right away.
She decided to take a walk to the candy shop. While there, she bought a small bag of candy. Lacy is careful and did not get a cavity.
Then she began cooking with the wok. She liked that  perfect wok. She couldn't wait to finish cooking and eat it!
She ran through the neighborhood looking for the end of it. She ran all the way into the woods just to find a tree at the end. Becky returned home a hungry, but wiser girl.
He liked playing in private, but longed to play for in front of a crowd. He searched club and bare websites for potential gigs. He is now playing at the Sally club every night and he is very happy.
His computer was working well again. Apparently a cleaning crew had been there to clean up following the flood. Mark was able to get back to work as soon as he arrived.
He wore them with a crazy striped shirt. Jay liked when people commented on his crazy clothing. He went to the store to buy more crazy things.
Her father dragged the boy into the house for throwing rocks. Gina stood on the porch listening through the screen door. He was in big trouble, and Gina loved every minute of it.
Between Friday and Saturday night, no snow fell at all. Most people were relieved, while others still worried. On Sunday morning, the sunny skies were there for all to see.
After eating all his food, he ordered a burger. They brought him the burger, but he didn't like the taste. He paid his bill and left the restaurant.
So, one day, he asked his neighbor to stop mowing so early. Tim's neighbor apologized and agreed to mow his lawn after 9 am. After this, Tim was able to mow his lawn alone.
When Sherry got older she turned her passion for animals into a career. She went to veterinarian school and earned her DVM degree. Now she happily and passionately cares for animals for a living.
Her friend Beth ran up to see if she had gotten the watch. She showed Beth the one she had on. Beth told Amy the one Amy had was better than the one Beth wanted.
My driveway was all covered. I started clearing it out a bit. Thankfully it never snowed again.
He saw that there was extreme flooding in a different area. Desmond executed his emergency flood plan to help. He helped others evacuate with the essentials just before their houses floated away.
They both lost track of the time during the movie. Tom's girlfriend freaked out because her dad was upset. He had to take her back home immediately.
Sally and I still studied all week. Sally got a B and I got a C. The Professor wasn't right about the test being easy.
He placed an ad and waited for a buyer to call. Jake told the buyer about all the car's good points. When he finished, they scheduled a time for him to come look at the car.
Then he would read me a story and eventually he let me read it out loud on my own. I went to school one day and showed my abilities. My teachers were astounded that I could read at so young.
One day, a man stopped by their farm and asked to speak with them. He said that was a writing a song and hoped they might help him. He eventually wrote a song about their farm which never became popular.
She was supposed to meet a friend for lunch afterward. She called to cancel lunch with her friend. Her friend understood and they made plans for another day.
She didn't realize she hadn't already entered the intersection. Danielle drove through the red light. The police gave her a ticket.
One night after they went to sleep they got into a pillow fight. They went at it and smacked each other. Even the curtains were wrecked when they mother looked in on them.
Rick spent hours drawing primitive shapes. Rick became quickly bored. And he decided he didn't want to learn how to draw anymore.
I saw them eating it with a fork. I tried it with a fork. I am so happy that I learned how to eat pasta
They decided to practice for two extra hours before their next game. They lost the game by 50 points. Larry decided that no matter how hard you try, you can't teach height.
Tom invited friends over to eat. When they bit into the hot dogs, they were still cold. Tom apologize and threw the hot dogs back on the grill.
When he went back to school all the kids wanted to sign it. He told them he didn't want any signatures. He kept the cast blank until it was time to remove it.
He called to his dog Pugsley. They tried to find the toy Pugsley had been playing with. Pugsley found the toy and they headed home.
She knew she would be sad when they started popping in her mouth. She gave her some while their parents weren't paying attention. Her sister started was so sad she started to cry.
The rooms were all different shapes and sizes. I couldn't pick which one I wanted to stay in so I just kept exploring the new house. My brother though was stuck on one, and that became his room.
Mack eventually moved out to the country. The country was so quiet that Mack had no trouble falling asleep. Mack didn't need any noises at night to help him fall asleep.
The angry teammate ran ran up to the boy. He yelled at the boy. The boy would try not to miss next time.
They tried to get Lisa to tease the new boy, too. Lisa, realizing how mean the popular girls were, refused. Instead, she became best friends with the new boy!
Then one day, that same neighbor offered to give Ken his collie as well! Ken was thrilled to accept! He named the dog Lassie, and it quickly became friends with the poodle.
But I was hungry so I made rice after all. It was uncooked and I got an upset stomach. I realized I should make sure my rice is cooked completely.
George signed up his son and trained him hard to win. On the day of the contest, his son was totally ready. George's son got third place in the contest out of 80 people.
His friend went instead. Shane's friend wasn't ready for the sudden jolting stop. He fell off and landed on his hands.
One day his pumpkin was so small he couldn't see it. John got his dad to help. They took it to the fair and were laughed at.
She was told she would be working in the stockroom. She was to take things out of boxes to put on the floor. Amy was not happy with her job but she was glad that it was easy.
He had been studying for weeks. He got to the test and went blank. Chris failed his first test.
It was fun and easy. We only had to ask the teacher for help a little. The food was delicious and we plan to try it on our own soon.
As she licked the ice cream, the wasp stinger her tongue. All her neck was getting swollen. Her husband took her to the hospital immediately.
He decided not to read the instructions. After an hour, he was almost done. He finished the bed and took a nap.
Her teacher called to tell her the show and her solo was cancelled. Irene was devastated, and she cried for days. At practice, everyone had agreed that Irene sang wonderfully!
Chase decided to open a money market account to make his grandpa acknowledge him. Within months, his investment grew. Chase will be able to go to college one day and his grandpa admired him.
She realized she stepped on an old used band aid. She thought she might be sick as she hurried out of the pool. She decided never to swim in a public pool again.
One day he decided to see if anyone he knew still lived in it. He knocked on the door of the house he sold back in 1974. Now he and his old friend play chess once a week at the Senior Center.
They make sitting for a long time more comfortable. I put it in a special place the night and protected it in the car. I was so comfortable with the pillow that I wasn't worried about the SAT!
The next morning she told her mom about the dream but mom laughed. She was embarrassed to tell her dad about how she wasn't scared. Finally she told him and he just hugged her and told her he loved her.
She was proud of herself. The next time there was a test she studied again. Emma did well on that test and kept her grade.
I now eat soy meat I like to add mustard, ketchup and pickles to them. I usually eat soy hamburgers 2 times a month I think I will cook one this weekend.
They waited right where they were for 10-15 minutes. Eventually, Ben asked if the driver would go to his stop. The driver began to drive finally.
Jen tearfully explained she was worried her mom would get cancer. Her mom bought some nicotine gum and tried to quit smoking. She succeeded and now Jen's not worried about her mom getting cancer.
She took good care of the fish. They didn't make her as happy as a cat. She ended up getting rid of them.
One store had it in their lost and found. Unfortunately the cash was gone. Still, Tom was glad to have gotten everything back at least.
I got in the water despite the pollution and soon a huge wave took me under. My curled up body did somersaults and I finally emerged disoriented. I decided then to never get back in the water in Witsand.
Billy didn't have a lot of money. He decided to buy only one keg, instead. He had enough beer and money left over.
Brandon picked a basket full of Avocados from his garden. He posted on facebook he had Avocados for sell for one dollar. Then he posted his price is ten cents less than grocery stores.
She went through a mental list of what she planned to do for the week. Then the thoughts flowed and she typed them out. The final list was made and she was ready to go shop.
Neil honked his horn to warn the other driver but it was too late. He tried swerving to get out of the way. Neil couldn't avoid the accident.
He prints signs and spreads the word about an upcoming show. The show has a lot of buzz. The show sells out and Elvis is sad because now he has to work more.
Her sister announced that she was pregnant earning cheers. Helen was annoyed at her sister for stealing the attention. Still she didn't want to seem rude so she didn't say anything.
She didn't want a thief to ever find her diamond necklace. Unfortunately, Eleanor's husband, Harry, was losing his memory. He threw the jar of old pickles out along with the expensive necklace!
The view of my yard was breathtaking. I felt alive and in touch with nature. I took plenty of rest.
So Joe went to the store to steal some. He got these very nice smelling candles. He lit the candles on before she came.
He also made turkey bacon on the side. He ate it quickly. He felt much better after eating.
His mouth was always yellow from eating them. Some people told him he shouldn't eat them. But he still does everyday.
She called a credit card in the wallet and told them about it. They said who it was, and Katie was happy she was able to return the wallet. The owner rewarded her with a small amount of cash.
His managers were unimpressed by his numbers. They made him stay later to work on his pitch This made Phill happy to continue working hard once he improved.
I met a guy who became inspiration to have proper diet so he could noticed me. So I had my diet and proper exercise. Then I realized you can do anything if you have inspiration for it.
Then she called everyone to her house. Soon Pam's friends arrived and began dancing. Everyone had a fantastic time at Pam's party!
He was not sure where the deer was, but swerved quickly around it. As he got home and turned on the TV, the news was on. The reporter said a deer accident had occurred, so was happy he wasn't hurt.
She had taught herself everyday. Surprisingly she learned within a few months. When she was was three months in she was fluent.
I opened the door to look outside. There was a coyote in the yard! The cats kept meowing loudly.
When she went off to change, she got locked in a closet by accident! It took an hour to find her, and she was in tears. She was happy that she was found.
She also, slept in late everyday. She started one day, waking up in the morning. She feels a lot better about herself.
Ann bought some tinsel for her tree. She carried the box inside and tripped. All of the tensil went everywhere.
Once, Joe went to wheelchair rugby game. He wasn't sure how people would react to him being blind and deaf. It turned out that they were happy that he was supporting the sport.
Bob came across a forum called the MTG. He talked on this forum and was very helped with his problem. Bob eventually became a lead moderator of the MTG!
So she decided to go never go to a church service. Susie realized she was in the right place. She officially became happy.
Jane decided to take a day to think about it. She called the lawyer a week late and told him to proceed. A week later Jack signed the papers excitedly.
At the next stop I was looking for a bathroom. A woman was looking for a bathroom to take her son. I let them go into the bathroom first and walked off feeling good.
Her bosses took notice. They called her into their office and offered her an action plan. She was nervous but accepted.
One approached their car. Zack rolled down the window and reached out his hand. The giraffe bit down on his hand and ran off!
Inside was a dead bird. Martin flipped out and his boss. They told him they were busy and to call back later.
Then heavy rain hit and closed the school and roads. Joey heard that several people had drown in the rain storm. Joey felt guilty about praying for a snow day.
When her birthday came up, her friends did not know what music to choose. They woudl have made a big Abba compilation so they could dance all night if they had known. Still, Harriet had the best birthday of her life that year.
Finally Ana called the Sanctuary's vet. The vet promised to call the sanctuary to straighten it out. Ana was able to yell at the sanctuary.
It was about 2 am when we heard noise around the dumpster. Upon arriving there, we saw a bear eating from it! We quickly ran back to our tent.
She tried to get him to take a bite of dessert after but he refused. Nothing she offered was interesting to him. She decided to give up but luckily he ate the dessert shortly after.
He threw an exercise program at my head as I was leaving. I read it later and followed the program for three months. I lost thirty pounds!
She was afraid, because her friends remembered their survival skills. They didn't have to stay put and wait for help. Luckily, Bambi's friends helped find the way out.
Paul took note of the electoral college. After doing some research online, he previously decided his presidential vote was worthless. Paul felt good making informed decisions about local issues, though.
He promised to raise the children as Muslim. His mother tried to describe Jewish wedding customs at the rehearsal. He asked his mother to stop talking.
He decided to try again and he tries tuning the guitar. Now his guitar sounds great! Jasper is so happy he guitar sounds good again.
Chad thinks he wants to sell various foods at the fete. Chad also thought about having a live concert at the fete as well. Chad wants the children to enjoy the school fete.
He ordered Chinese food takeout. The food was terrible. Fred was very miserable that day.
She took the platter into the dining room. When she returned to the kitchen, the turkey was gone. She found her neighbor's dog laying in kitchen chewing on it!
They went to Disney last month and wanted something new. The kids had no other option and took pictures with their favorite charaters. In the end Dan and the kids had a great time at Disney World.
He drove past a Asian girl. He drove up on the side of her and asked for her company. She took his money for sex, then the police came from behind his car.
My teacher was going to tell her I have been absent a lot. She was mistaken. She confused me with another student.
Giles began exercising at home twice a week, once for legs and once for arms. Gilles lost his motivation to get up off of the couch around mid-year. Giles resumed his normal habits.
Bob went to a pet shop to buy a tarantula. When he got to the pet shop, they didn't have any spiders. Bob is no longer afraid of spiders, and now he owns a parrot.
She called her second favorite place, and they delivered it to her house in fifteen minutes. She opened the cartons and smelled how delicious it was. She dug into her Chinese food with relish!
He made a few rap songs and put them online. They got surprisingly popular. Tim became a popular rap star.
She found about 30 little white shells. She took them home and made an art piece with them. She presented the art piece to her father for his birthday.
She knew school wouldn't last forever. The moment she woke up she was excited to go. She was ecstatic she could see her friends again.
When my son was only 5 he was able to drive a backhoe. He now mows our lawn with a full size tractor. He has gotten a lot of confidence because of this.
Billy got very scared one day. He chewed a hole in Millie's bedroom pillow. Millie does not want to dogsit Billy again.
But, last Friday night, he met a girl who invited him to a car wash. The following morning Charles drove to the car wash. The girl was a blond supermodel washing cars in a wet t-shirt.
A man named Julio flirted with her at work. They went on a date, fell in love and got married. After marrying Julio, Michelle stopped buying breakfast burritos.
His brother didnt got scared and thought the blanket was silly. Jake had to make a better plan if he wanted to scare his brother. His little brother was hard to scare.
He took a tour to learn about Kenyan history. Then he visited restaurants to taste Kenyan cuisine. Neil found that he really loved Kenya!
Charles and his coworker switched shifts so she could work with Regina. The coworker wanted to take a break and Regina started arguing. She e-mailed Charles and the boss saying Regina was contentious.
He decided to buy a house with the cash. He went to a real estate agent. He also used the money to pay his back rent.
The rap battle began and Marshall was no where to be found. Marshal ponders at home if whether he could have won the rap battle and be awarded a medal. He never became famous and never got any medals.
Dan was captivated by the dancers. He was thrilled by the show. Dan started going to performances every chance he got.
She was very naive and sweet, and he was upset that she turned him down. So, he erased his Facebook, Twitter and got a new phone. He then convinced a new girl that he was a good guy with no past.
His wife said he should enter a contest to try and win an award. Adelbert did, and came in third place. Thus he didn't get an award but he did get a new contract to write a book on frogs.
His dad told him he had to wait. It was Todd's birthday. His dad got him a big fish.
They stayed exactly the same. I was happy because they were never breaking. I gave up and left them short.
When Bob gets to the restaurant he is horrified. The blind date is his ex-boyfriend. They both agree to never tell anyone before leaving immediately.
She had all these plans to have kids with her husband. They just returned from the honeymoon! She still wants to start a family with another husband.
This irritated him. He decided to punch the radio. It completely broke.
His mom went to Goodwill. She found his perfect size. He put on his new shoes.
She tried to rush the ice cream upstairs but it was so hot. By the time it got there though, it had melted all over. Luckily, Zach still enjoyed the melty mess.
The people who stayed there did very good things. The house later burned to the ground. Now that old house will never be the same.
She was standing in a nearby room as I walked in the front door. She smiled at me and said that when she grew up, she was having girls. 23 years later, she's my wife and we have two girls - and a boy.
He thought about enrolling in night classes to finish his degree. He did not want to work very hard until all his courses are finished. Steve is very ashamed that he dropped out of college.
Except there was one box in the corner that caught my attention. I decided to open it because it was so attractive. As i open it, it was full of my old pictures when i was still a baby.
During the race he saw another runner trip and fall. Instead of watched he limped over to help the injured runner. The other runner didn't win the race that day, but he won himself a new friend.
Her roommate opened the door and stood ready. Something is burning my dear, Carla said. The roommate checked her mini oven, crumbs were burning on her tray.
We made a nice meal together. We decided to skip dessert and instead went to snuggle. It was thrilling and we had fun that night.
But after a few swallows, she stopped. The water tasted strange. Sniffing the jug, she frowned to find that it was contaminated!
But his dad said everyone had to pitch in. After a couple hours, they were done. Finally, Timothy was able to go fishing.
She helps her dad load the washing machine. Her doll goes missing! Kira cries when they can't find her doll!
With permission from her mother she stayed in contact. They were caught in inappropriate conversations several times. I took her home and grounded him for his poor choices.
Her friend showed her simple strokes in case she ever was in danger again. Tia emulated his sleek, easy movements as best she could. Soon she knew how to avoid drowning in the future, like an old pro!
His coworkers would have to find someone else to blame for their errors. Jerry's treatment at work greatly improved. He stuck with his job and made it a career.
It was half a mile up the road by the church. We walked from there, even in the winter. We had a big potbelly stove to keep warm.
I said I was looking up a birthday gift for her. She knew I was lying. Now I'm not allowed to use the computer.
Halfway through the day, he realized he did not have his inhaler. He felt an asthma attack coming on. Bernard ran out to the car to grab his inhaler.
He went home and changed his clothes, then went to the study. Rick said a few prayers and felt very relaxed. Rick took a cab home and got a good night's rest.
The first phase you are suppose to eat a lot and lift heavy weights. The second phase you scale back the food and do more weights. Apparently if you do these two things you will look amazing.
She cleaned all over the house and found a moldy plate under the bed. Judy had no idea how long the plate was there, and she was angry she found it. She cleaned the entire bathroom and bedroom after that.
As the balloon rose into the air, Jeffrey took a leap. He caught the balloon in mid-air. Then he looked down and fell three stories to the ground.
She thought she had the right direction and led Nadine. Then, she realized that she had gotten it wrong. Nadine was annoyed and made her switch jobs.
She asked about his favorite things to do. They both went to the amusement park Graham is much happier now.
She begged her kids to help her. They didn't want to help her though. Anita begrudgingly went to work wrapping the gifts by herself.
Anna asked her boyfriend to keep her dog tied up. Anna's boyfriend refused to keep the dog on a leash. Anna and her boyfriend are no longer dating or speaking to each other.
I didn't know how to swim at the time. Nonetheless I went in the water and almost drowned. I had my first near death experience.
When he got home, he was being very sneaky. Maddie was cuddling on the couch when he came out with some stuff. On a tray, he had her medicine, and a surprise bowl of ice cream.
He returned the beats the next day. He bought another pair of his old headphones. He saved a lot of money.
He came into the bedroom and had me close my eyes. Then he made a lot of noise like he was carrying something heavy. When I opened my eyes he was down on one knee!
He had an eye doctor appointment in the morning. Fred drove the doctor that morning. His doctor prescribed him new glasses.
Then one night he heard about the only shopping mall closing down. That pushed him over the edge. He decided right then to move as soon as possible.
He gathered it all back up and began to create a canoe with the paper. Once it dried he gave it a waterproof finish. He took his new canoe to the lake and paddled around.
He spent every minute of every day feeling guilty. Eventually he tried to get help by going to therapy. He lived a very sad life still because of his past.
The neighbor told him previously that he makes all the shoes by hand. Jim ordered a pair, the neighbor worked hard but realizes he messed up. The neighbor made a mistake and that's why Jim stole the shoes.
The view was too foggy from inside the helicopter. We did get to wear the headsets that the pilot gets to wear! I will never forget that experience in my life.
She was warming it in the oven and all of a sudden, there was smoke coming out of her oven. Jackie had to quickly call the fire department. The firemen saved her house but Jackie did not get any pizza.
While she's there, she takes photos. Sandra saw a boat coming in to dock. She quickly took a photo of the boat.
While working out, Johnny ended up enjoying himself. Johnny quickly understood that everyone exercised and that it helped. Ever since, Johnny has been the first to offer people encouragement to get in shape.
Jay had trouble walking home without shoes. When he was home he asked his mom for new shoes. Jay took some aspirin to numb the pain of the attack and slept.
Thomas got himself a glass of iced tea. He got distracted by someone talking to him. He started walking, and tripped, spilling tea all over his friend.
Before they had a chance to eat, a large noise startled them. A bear had crept up behind them and was sniffing at the food. Brad and his family ran away and left the food for the bear.
But she obliged when she saw what her mom was pointing at. Her mouth fell open with awe. There was a rare and beautiful double rainbow overhead
While toasting the bread, Samantha set Jake's apartment on fire. Samantha and Jake barely escaped with their lives. Jake dumped Samantha, but she got asked on a date by a fireman.
John accepted that he had been bested and congratulated the woman. After a nail-biting rematch, the woman was one move from winning. In frustration, John flipped the board and quit the tournament.
He browsed many used vehicles. He test drove one he liked. He purchased the used vehicle.
He never tried to control what she did, wore, and who she saw. After enough time Hannah became in love with him too. They eventually married and lived happily ever after.
I was dreading to see how it was. It was really loud. It is really an awful sport to watch.
She was so good at volin, that she wrote her own music for it. This piece became a huge success in the classical music world. Lottie was glad she could spread her love of volin to others.
When I opened the door I say a huge hole in the sofa. I asked my dogs which one had made the hole, but they both hid. My little dogs had to sleep outside last night.
He got home and could not find his list he was meant to take with him. He looked everywhere for it. It turns out he left it in the car.
One day, Melanie heard more than crickets. She went outside to investigate the new sound. Melanie realized that the strange noise was coming from a bird.
He decided he would deal with it and still play. He did not tell anyone. He ended up crying on the field.
Jen couldn't believe she just went for a run and met a guy instead. Molly liked the man too and tried to drag Jen towards him. The had dog sniffed the ground and led Jen to the man.
Malcolm's friend owned the theater. He was looking for ushers. Malcom's son was hired immediately.
While they argued about the ride, it began to rain. James had not prepared for this. They got drenched but James decided it was a good thing Jessica hadn't wanted to go.
First he had to grab his parents and siblings. He washed all the clothes together. Then he had to set the dryer to 2 hours.
She thought Jill didn't like her. Lizzy was actually invited but the invitation hadn't gotten to her. Lizzy received her invitation the next day.
Kim was worried it would destroy everything. The next morning there was a call saying work was cancelled. The hurricane had been upgraded to category 4.
We got an email saying UPS did not deliver the book. I was upset and contacted Amazon. They refunded me.
She fell in love with a orange tabby named Butters. Izzy decided to adopt Butters. They went home together, happy as can be.
She removed the pumpkin guts. She carved faces in the pumpkins. Grammy had a marvelous time by herself.
Before, I went to my boss's office. Then, I ask him if I could leave early. We negotiated and eventually got my way.
As she reached the very last store, she sighed because she was tired. She went in anyway, and there was nothing she liked. She went back and bought the bag at the first store, and went home happy.
He felt very suspicious and decided to question them himself. For the next few weeks he devoted his time to obtaining info. Luckily he managed to raise lots of concerns for the group.
A thunderstorm hit unexpectedly. My power went out for an hour. I recovered the last five pages of text I had written.
Everyone talked their recipe up as being the spiciest. Tom went around trying different ones anyhow. He was disappointed to find out that none were that spicy.
She decided to check it out. At the corner, she saw the robber taking a bike basket. She screamed, the robber dropped it and she put it on back on the victim's bike.
They bought a mansion, but she was still angry. Then her husband was let go. The couple panicked and the home had to go to the bank.
I laughed as he tried to get in his car for 20 minutes. In the end I just called him and told him. In retrospect I should've realized off the bat that he couldn't figure it out.
She began to scream help as she was going into labor! She stayed in bed and bore down to push. Five minutes later, she delivered her baby alone.
30 minutes later, he removed the pot of oatmeal from the stove. He never worried that it would be ruined. And it was the best oatmeal he ever tasted.
Then I ordered the parts, which cost nearly 1,200 dollars. We devoted a Saturday to building the machine. It worked beautifully and I've used that PC ever since.
It was a lengthy novel. She found the book depressing. She lay in bed reading.
It was a pretty bad idea. Tim was too low on energy and crashed soon. He napped for hours.
Mari wanted to go see the baby panda. She took her children that very day. They all loved the baby panda.
When she came back in, she spotted one bug embedded in her dough. She was so grossed out she threw it all away. With her second try she was much more watchful.
Another car behind me was driving wildly, and eventually he drove up and hit the side of my car. I immediately stopped, however, he kept driving. Since I couldn't file a report, I was mad.
In the summertime he always took part in historical reenactments. He decided the perfect career for him was to be a teacher and change his major to history. After college he became a history professor.
Unfortunately it was raining so she couldn't have it outside. Kelsi immediately took her family inside. Although inside, the cousins still enjoyed the party.
Eventually he went to a doctor. The doctor assessed Tim's problem. They were able to treat it appropriately.
The family packed up toys, foods and towels. They arrived at their favorite sandy beach. Margot stayed home and watched tv.
One day, she forgot to close a window. Her kitten squeezed through the window and escaped. Wendy looked and looked but her lost kitten missed her and came back home.
Will changed lanes. And his mother pulled up next to him. His mother threw food and trash at Will's car.
Aya would be late, but she caught up with her friends anyway. At the shore, it grew windy and chilly. Aya was glad she'd gone back to change after all!
It did not taste good. She found out milk was old. She felt ill afterwards.
Hours later her ears were fine. Kelly was sad she lost the earrings. But then she realized she was allergic anyways.
Chuck tried to kick out some guests but nothing seemed to work. His hotel was too nice for them. Chuck was sure to keep some things to remember them by.
He ordered his men to reinforce the structure. Aaron began giving them instructions on where to reinforce it. heir efforts worked, and Aaron got a commendation.
The cat moved from the former sunspot on the floor towards the mouse. He laid on a soft blanket on the floor and watched the mouse. The cat fell asleep and slept there for the next two hours.
She also began eating better. Sue started seeing a difference. She was ready to sport her bikini body.
She quickly bought it and was super excited. She went home and wrapped it. Her son's birthday came and he loved his gift very much.
In the nursing home, she came across a shelf full of dusty jars with vegetables inside. Joan saw the dates were very old so the vegetables were spoiled. She packed the jars, dusted them, and put them on a shelf at home.
While walking along the sidewalk the moon's light hit her dress. It blinded a driver, causing him to careen into a fire hydrant. Water burst from the hydrant, soaking Beverly and her pretty dress
He left for work without cleaning. John shared this information with his fellow workers. Everyone told him he should pick up after himself.
They practiced after school and challenged Zach and Nate. After a good match Justin had pinned Zach. Joel and Justin continued to be the tag team champions of the neighborhood.
When I listened to the song it was boring. I happened to think it's average. I will not be recommending it to all my friends.
Then she bought two holdings for the fund. My son bought a lot of work clothes after that. They came back in the early evening.
Chad rode his bike to the ballpark and got in with the money he made. He met some of his favorite players after the game. Chad left the ballpark with a huge smile!
Her parents were scared something might happen. Finally they conceded to Lana that she was old enough. Lana was allowed to be dropped off at the front of the school if she carried her phone.
She learned her friends had made a pregnancy pact and declined to join. Her friends thought she was being a stuck up snob. Clara graduated and went to college while her friends had to drop out.
He figured he would live there forever. Then he met a girl named Juniper. They were married and Juniper wanted to move so they did.
Her mother was test driving a few cars. Lucy's mother applied for financing and was approved. Lucy's mother picked out a new Kia and drove her and Lucy home.
While walking home from school, Cam decided to taste the toffee. One candy led to another, and Cam ended up eating all the candy. Cam's stomach ache made him regret doing such a foolish thing.
One day Molly was being chased by bees. Molly began to cry. She ran in the house screaming for her mommy.
A bird began to peck at the bread in his hand. Suddenly, a large swarm of giant angry birds flew straight at Ted. Ted had to drop the bread and run away as fast he could.
One day Quentin awoke to his family sitting on his furniture to talk about his problem. He knew he needed a change. He cleaned the entire apartment and felt much better afterwards.
The gym bag snapped open and gym clothes fell everywhere. She collected the clothes and put them back in the bag. Luckily she was able to sow the gym bag handle back on later at home.
We flushed the new machine but apparently it still had ants. We put out ant traps but a few came back. They are finally gone, although we do not know the reason.
They tried to work on them. Tom finally decided to break up with her. It was messy but for the best.
When the husband awoke, he felt something on her face. he reached up and felt a snake crawling across him. The husband jumped out of bed, screaming wildly and thrashing.
One day she decided to just wash the dishes, and ignore the rest of the kitchen. All went well until that afternoon when her mother found the mess. Now Mary cleans the kitchen and does the laundry too!
She thought about the best way to het his attention all day long. Finally she decided to walk up to him and just ask. Martha and Jerry had a good time at the movies.
Many of his teammates liked him. They one day tricked him to come to a party. Everyone there took turns loving him and threw away his negativity.
We really loved how the train worked for the duration of our trip! When we returned home, we searched online for other places the train went. We found and bought tickets for the train!
They had gotten a big tear down the front. Jane had decided to take them off. Nobody noticed the difference.
The rescue crews kept close eye all day and night to ensure everyone was safe. After the waters went down, everything was unscathed. The town went on to make many happy memories.
Everyone else in the houses around them was in a deep sleep. Gina's phone was of little use since there was no signal. She put the phone away, and decided to sleep in the car.
Tom tried to figure out what to do. He confiscated his television after bed time. He also turned off the surge protector and saved more money.
Many bees were on the flowers around the set. I accidentally hit the bush while swinging. One bee got on me and stung me.
When the vegetables were ripe, they harvested them. When she served broccoli from the garden that night he didn't eat it all up. Exasperated, she didn't know how to get him to eat healthy!
Jim got up and escorted her out of the bar. The lady threw a knowing look at Jim. The ended up dating.
She put on the outfit and took a tour. They offered free samples. When she was done, Allie bought a lot of chocolate.
When Olivia won, John said she had an unfair advantage. Later, John saw a short volleyball player who was really good play. And he later apologized to Olivia.
In reality, Crimbo was embarrassed that all he did was bail claims. He eventually crept into a depression. Crimbo ultimately quit bounty hunting and became a monk.
One day, he finally found a ruby. He took it home and shaped it into a gemstone. He sold the gemstone for a profit.
James relaxed and quickly became absorbed in the book. He decided to take a bathroom break but smelled something burning. He opened his oven and saw a black piece of fish.
Susie was nervous about getting it done herself though. But she hired a hairdresser who got the shears and did it anyway. She messed up her hair and was never going to let her do it again.
Erin teases him. She says that it's a woman's drink. Steven is embarassed, but loves it because it is delicious.
Johnny never asked much for Christmas because his family was also poor. His parents were injured badly one day and Johnny didn't help at all. His hate showed through his actions.
I waited for several of my other group members to come. After everyone came, I presented first. I spoke about domestic violence.
She wanted to get rid of them. She put them in a cabinet to hide them. Jill hid them for as long as she could.
One day someone was sitting on his bench and he was a little upset. When he went to take a walk, he discovered a woman. He talked with her and made a good friend.
Her mind raced with fearful images about being followed. She slowed her car and the police car passed her. She was relieved when she saw the taillights move away quickly.
The cop drove side by side with Gary. He rolled down the window and asked if he had a lighter for his cigarette. Although Gary was confused, he passed a lighter to him through the window.
At 23 Jared had never kissed a girl. He was too embarrassed to tell anyone. Everyone was so busy they didn't see he was so inexperienced.
She was rather excited. Allie thought she would perform perfectly and do great. But rather the contrary happened as she performed horribly.
Suddenly one day she nearly passed out. Her doctor told her that she is eating too much. Casey made an effort to eat less from then on.
The trees have grown close to the window so Joe decided to cut them back. He got the hedgetrimmer from the shed. Soon the trees were trimmed.
Every nearby bathroom had a payphone outside. Laura tried to find a quicker route to a bathroom. Finally, she spotted a family bathroom with a phone in the corner.
He could smell where the cookies use to sit. He decided to bake some more cookies and ate them all. Oliver got a horrible tummy ache, and his daughter just laughed.
The girl pressed herself against the glass and wiggled. She was still giggling as the glass came loose. The girl plummeted seventy floors to her death.
Suddenly, it stopped working. Tom realized a fuse was blown out. He replaced it and it worked again.
I went to the restaurant after they said the food would be done. I had to wait 15 minutes longer than I was told. I finally got my food after 45 minutes.
They never went on a date. Ann was falling head over heels for a different coworker. But then she found out he was married and she had to dump him.
Suddenly it slipped from his fingers. It fell into a puddle quickly, upsetting Graham. Luckily they were able to get a new one.
She put it on the bed. Her mother could hardly believe how nice the bed skirt looked. Sandra didn't tell her she paid for it with her mom's credit card.
There were cd's everywhere in Shelly's room. Shelly's mom got her a cd case. Shelly's room was never messy again.
All of his songs had the same reoccurring theme. This was that the protagonist was always blonde and muscular. Jeff likes to think it's him, despite him being ginger and skinny.
She had come inside and was on her knees with her head lowered. I went outside to make sure she was ok. She said she killed an ant and was praying for it to go to heaven.
She asked everyone to let her know if they were coming over. One time a friend opened the door without warning. The cat ran out and Tammy was happy.
Jack was beginning to worry that he might never find it. He pulled his phone out of his pocket to call his friend. Jack suddenly realized what an idiot he had been.
She decided to pay for her bills with her own  money. Lucy saved up enough to pay off the bills. She was excited to finally have the bills paid off.
Her friend told her she needed new rear brakes. Jenna dropped off her bike and waited a week. She picked her bike up and it was as good as new.
One night at a club a microphone did not work to his satisfaction. He placed the microphone onto the stage and fixed it. Ed's band was welcomed at that club.
However, he probably should have been more specific. Sam brought the box of mice, but odd scurrying sounds came from it. Now Perry has to hire pest control & get a refund from the pet store.
Suddenly he noticed a hobo running over. He ran to get out of the way. Luckily he just missed getting touched by the hobo.
Joey was sure he wouldn't make the team. He practiced very hard every day until try-outs. His practice couldn't pay off and he didn't make the team.
He was eager to learn how to ride it. He never had mastered the art. He dreamed of learning tricks and skating like a professional!
He had just told her she was too irritated. She yelled at him, slamming down her keyboard. She stood up and stormed out of the room.
I looked on Ebay for the thousandth time. Someone had just posted backstage passes! I won the Ebay auction!
The day that Scott was to get fired he called in sick. This upset Jeff because he wanted Scott to be at work that day so he could fire him then. This made Jeff's job a lot easier to fire him though because he was mad.
Jake had never experienced city bugs. The first time he had to deal with one was traumatizing. Jake decided to stay inside.
Jane thought she left it at her work. She called a coworker to verify. They found it and held it for her.
But next time he swung, he missed and the ball hit him in the face! It bruised his cheek very badly. Jim had to leave the game and put ice on his injury.
There is some amazing photography from that period of my life. Some of it is pretty gruesome as well. But I find it to be the most honest and accurate way to see the past.
He met with his teacher after class to review. They realized he had filled out the bubble sheet correctly. His teacher gave him a high-five about his test.
This is because she has spent too much time out of her field. No employers are willing to take a chance on Allison. She remains very unhappy.
The aquarium worked great during spring and summer. When winter came the aquarium's water got too murky. Jojo was sad about his dead fish.
I loved him with all my heart, but I felt trapped. We moved from Fort Smith to Memphis for better treatment. I was focused only on helping my son.
She ordered the most exotic sounding entree. She didn't like it at all, but she pretended she did. She did not want to disappoint her date.
Michael Jordan was determined to win for his team, but failed. He pulled up with 3 seconds left on the clock. He almost hit a jumper last second to win the game by 1 point.
She remembered that a cactus is edible. She grabbed a knife and slowly cut open a cactus. She found enough food to keep her full and safe.
They decided to get tickets for another movie. The bored ticket seller obliged them. Minutes after the movie started, the girls were completely engrossed.
I would get on a ship and sail to the islands. Then I would surf the huge waves. After all those things, I would wake up.
He got beer with the money he made and charged for cups. Tom kept track of every payment. He was able to make some additional cash.
They said their vows and the priest sanctified their marriage. In an awkward moment, the  bride and groom did not kiss. The baby inside the bride kicked once.
Carl was worried they didn't prepare enough. His house got a fence blown into a window. He prepared more for the next storm.
The teacher told me I could practice after class. I practiced a bit I knew the piece to perfection. After I played my solo everyone applauded.
It worked like a charm for 3 days. Suddenly we realized we hadn't put gas or food into our budget. Our budget went out the window and we started over again.
She listened to the noise until she drifted off to sleep. Yoko decided to film a documentary about the rain. She dreamed of the project that night.
When I dropped her off at her house, she said it was over. She decided to break up with me! Alas, I wasn't surprised.
She was so good at it they forced her to become team captain. Her team loved her as captain. Laura wanted to be something else next year.
He allowed Hal a new room without charge. Hal realized he hadn't brought his wallet inside with him. When he went out to get it, he decided to just stay at the hotel without it.
He also bought chips and dip. He left the store with the decorations, chips and dip after paying for them. Jeffrey enjoyed the party he went to later.
His crush for her had been developing for years. So when Miranda asked him for a beer, he gave it to her. And many words came out of his mouth.
My son and I are going to make everything tomorrow. This will be the first time letting him help. I am very excited to teach him.
He would spy on her from his window. Once Liberty caught him peeking, and screamed at him for watching. Alex was so turned on he passed out.
The dentis complimented her on how good of condition her other teeth are in. Tyra flashed her a beaming smile. After the extraction, she walked out with her dentistry goodie bag.
He came prepared and with a full cup of coffee. The exam was difficult, but Max got through it quickly. Max confidently aced his final exam.
One day, a burglar approached their door. The burglar broke into the house. The dog's barking would have kept the burglar away so they went back to to claim it.
Emily was in charge of showing up. They got together in the living room. They enjoyed watching the movie and eating the snacks.
The teacher kept an eye out for her usual misbehavior. Gina was determined to get into more trouble. She focused on being the worst student in detention.
Jessica met her and explained the problem she had with the night out. Jessica suggested that they stay home and watch a comedy show. The two of them stayed in and watched the show.
He decided to study more for biology. He was glad he did. Even after studying, he still didn't make an A.
His wife has always wanted two kids. She says that they will be more social with siblings. Chuck gives in before deploying and they have a second child while he's in Iraq.
We went to look for the house. We went inside the house and got scared by the clown that lives there. We went back to my house and promised to never speak of it again.
One day a customer got angry with him and accused him of cheating. His manager was on break, and Donko was lost as to what to do. The customer was eventually escorted out by security.
He thought he would never make any friends. He then felt a tap on his shoulder. It was Jim, who wanted to invite Tim and the girl to eat with his friends.
Robert could not turn down the paint job and accepted That day Robert went to lunch with his father Robert then went to work, and worked harder than ever
She also like to wear shoes with buckles. One day her younger brother bent down and helped her tie her shoes. Susan thought that was a nice thing for him to do.
She gathered all the ingredients, including her favorite chocolate. She mixed them up in a bowl and spread the mix in a pan. Lea cooked the brownies and served them warm for dessert.
It would often have it's food stolen by the other cats. They tried new food to get it to eat more. And it worked.
Fred and Sally had a lot of fun! Fred asked Sally to be his girlfriend during the date. Since she had so much fun, Sally said yes.
Then he cleared his whole weekend for two day of rest, but the phone rang. His friend was coming to town and wanted to see him. He had to refuse to respect his need for calm and stillness.
All she had were the ones she's wearing. She decided to break the heel of the good shoe to match. After work, she went to buy a new pair of shoes.
He was in shock. He bumped into a woman who fell on the pavement. Jared came out of his car in fear as he had hit a woman.
They decided since they were kids still they would get ice cream with sprinkles. Amy's mother gave them her blessing. Amy was so pleased she hugged her mom for a long time.
He maxed out his credit card. He buy more books about Nigeria the next day. They told him he couldn't because his card was declined.
Amanda did a price comparison for used cars. In looking at the prices, Amanda decided which used car to buy. Amanda was happy with her decision to buy a used car.
She took out a payday loan to keep afloat. Now she is further in debt and more desperate. She contemplated suicide when she could afford food.
He borrowed a dollar from his friend and put it in the crane game. He was able to grab a little pink teddy bear. His girlfriend loved it!
Matt browsed the various restaurants recipes. He cooked from a new recipe. The food was ready and he enjoyed the meal.
Mike became good friends with the school's tutor, and asked for help. He practiced new skills that gave an advantage in class. Mike made the honor roll and was really proud.
Randy wasn't scared but Simon was downright panicked! Randy learned that Simon was afraid of the dark. Luckily Randy had a flashlight for Simon to borrow.
The cake looked amazing, and Tina piped on a border. Her eyes fell on the girl's toy box, and she was suddenly inspired. Placing a doll in the center made the cake into a wonderful skirt!
Her friend's stove was electric. She wasn't able to cook. Maria ate cold leftovers for lunch.
When you would get to one tree, you had to then swing to another. It was something very unique and special. I can't wait until we can go once the weather is better.
One daythe crow landed and swore. Jim thought this was the most hilarious thing and fed it. They became inseparable ever since.
She decided not to wear them to school. She knew they were against the dress policy. When she got to first period, she would have been immediately written up.
During a checkup, he mentioned his poor eating habits. Joe saw a therapist and was diagnosed with disorderly eating. And it took him several years to get well.
So I for the report I would write the author and title for the book. Then I would summarize the storyline and write my report. I passed English class with very high grades.
Afterward, I picked up the guitar. I played guitar for about an hour. I was still bored, so I stopped.
He decided to enter a spelling contest at the jail. The contest began and he was doing really well. Unfortunately, he threw up and had to quit.
He has been asking me for rides whenever the bus route doesn't pass by his destination. Today I took him to the dealership. I convinced him it was time to finance a car of his own.
The smoke was coming from behind a neighbor's house. He ran into the backyard to investigate. There was a pile of leaves on fire which he stomped out.
They said that they couldn't get me since they live too far. Therefore, I stayed home. I became sad after looking at the beach pictures on social media.
Jason ordered terriayaki. He spilled the food on his shirt. Jason felt embarrassed in front of his date.
The class responded with optimism and support of Buck's sentiments. The hoisted Buck above their shoulders after he helped swim them to a tournament victory. Even the slowest team member was now quite skilled.
The dog looked scared and Jane felt bad for it. Jane reached down the pick up the dog. As Jane reached out, the dog's mother leaped out and bit Jane!
Tanya wanted the trip. She devised a plan to sell as much candy as she could. Tanya passed her goal using her selling techniques.
I accidentally dropped my burger. I got beaten for wasting food. I then forced myself to eat the rest.
Unfortunately all of the fancy places were booked up already. Jenna settled for a nice place next to a river. To her surprise, the weeding was much better than expected.
His dad urged Jay to try it. Jay took a big gulp. He wondered how his dad could drink that horrible stuff.
He was passing by a farm. Richard observed hundreds of cows on a field. Richard approached them and found out they were friendly.
Her kids mostly swam in the ocean for to avoid the sand! They made a lot of memories together swimming and arguing. Kim was sorry that she took her kids to the beach.
Brad still had feelings for Cindy. Brad drank too much at Cindy's wedding. He took a swing at the groom and fell to the floor.
Then some friends and neighbors arrived. Ana watched as they all worked together to build a barn. She thought the barn raising was a lovely custom.
She had never been to a death metal concert before. She went into the mosh pit and was knocked down by a girl! She was fine but tore her pants.
He taught about good faith. The university put him in a very small office. Jack's office isn't very conducive for good research.
Cindy knew there were hungry groundhogs in the area. She once put up a short fence around her garden to protect it. The groundhogs had climbed over the fence and ate her seedlings so that's why she now put her seeds inside.
To her surprise the moving truck had gotten there early. She ended up having to spend the night unpacking her things. Luckily she had her stuff unpacked early the next morning.
They did not have much money. Her mom told her she had to get a job. Katie was happy when she bought her own dress.
Since Ben has a maid, Gordon accepted her favors. For example, she cooked for him and cleaned everything afterwards. The maid was busy throughout the day.
Her husband decided to surprise her. He brought the kitten home to her. Cindy was so happy.
To boost her chances in the next contest she entered, Rhonda sprayed the lawn with green paint. That night it froze. Rhonda woke to see fake green grass standing out in a sea of brown.
One day it rained all over the one watch. I was so sad because it stopped working. Fortunately, I had my other watch from my birthday.
The day I finally got the cannon I hid in the garage. My friends walked up to my house after a long day at school. I doused them good, getting a two week grounding in return.
Next day, a friend and I went to the restaurant and started to order. Suddenly, I heard "Surprise!" My family and friends threw me a surprise party!
Gustav bought a ticket and saw the amazing show. His favorite part of the concert had been the one with a score by bach Gustav had enjoyed his holiday and was ready to work again.
So Bob hires someone to install a beautiful fence around his garden. His tomatoes grow beautifully. Bob is happy when he picks dozens of delicious tomatoes.
Her brother fell during his basketball game. He got all bloody. After seeing that,Mary decided she doesn't want to be a basketball player anymore!
His doctor decided Tim must have an ear infection. Tim was scared, but the doctor made him feel better. The doctor explained that there was a simple pill to take to clear it up.
I went into the bathroom to clean up. I saw that I was feeling great. I stayed late for work.
She finally decided on the pink bunny. Her grandmother realized she wanted to have the horse also. So she bought her both the bunny and horse.
When I was called in the nurse made me get on the scale first. I closed my eyes tightly and knew that I had lost some weight1 My doctor entered and looked at the paper, high fived me saying 20 pounds!
It was over which basketball player was the best. They realized that the argument was stupid. The made up and hugged.
The father was a bit odd. He tried to use old plastic to make swimming fins. His daughter convinced him to use charcoal instead.
There are five towels. I must be really dry. Or the floor must have been really wet.
They then drive to the park. Grandpa tells stories while they feed ducks. Tyler treats grandpa to ice cream before driving home.
He opened up a stall out in front of his house with jars to sell them. However, nobody seemed to want to buy his onions. Oscar was forced to keep hundreds of jars of pickled onions!
Inside, there was some baby clothing. Steven and Laura were grateful. They emailed the seller to thank them.
Fortunately she cared for it when she got home. Tim didn't wind up having to change it around. This time with her input.
Ann looked at her house to see why the dog ran home. She was shocked to find a box with newborn kitten on her porch. Ann took the kittens to the vet to make sure they were healthy.
She filled the bags way too full and they ripped. Garbage juice leaked everywhere. Kim had to scrub her carpets.
Right in the front of the restaurant they had already made pizza dough. I bought some dough, and got the other ingredients as well. The next night I made a delicious pepperoni pizza!
He tried the guitar, the piano, and the saxophone. Byron eventually quit each instrument. Finally, Byron accepted he wasn't was a musician!
Working hard, she completed forty pages of her essay. The librarian came by and pressed a button, deleting it all. After Mary stopped crying, she got back to work on her essay.
When looking for them, I knocked something down. It was the candles and they broke. I was still in darkness.
A teammate had passed Jimmy the ball. He dribbled the ball toward the wrong goal and made a shot! His teammate gave him a scowl.
Everyone always knew they would get married. They got back together, and on their 15th year anniversary he popped the question. Megan said yes she would marry him.
She drove around a large curve in the road. On the other side she could see there were more cars waiting. Gina was shocked to see the cars were backed up for half a mile.
Susie's brother was allergic, so they couldn't get one. However, one day, he went off to college. Susie's parents finally got her the puppy she always wanted!
I wiped dust from my eyes. I waited for a few minutes. My eye still didn't hurt.
He wanted to get it just right. He followed a recipe very carefully, just like always. Luckily, the beef turned out just perfect.
She first tasted the peppermint flavored candy. Next, she tried the spearmint candy. Jess walked out of the store not liking any flavor of candies.
She eventually decided to just give it to them, and all four cats came running when she called. The cats began smelling, eating, and rolling in the catnip. The cats played drunkenly in the catnip, and Laura took many pictures.
Jeremy decided to participate. He made a rude gesture outside of the sorority house. Unfortunately, he was immediately banned from the sorority house.
Jim gave his friend a drink. After he refilled the thermos. Jim was glad the stream was clean.
But his dad asked him to practice with him. They practiced for an hour the night before. The day of the match, he scored a goal and his team won.
If I was single, I would have tried to hang around. Instead, I ordered my bagels to go. I went home to my pathetic life.
He knew it was too hot for a coat. He wore a light jacket instead. After a few hours he realized he shouldn't have even worn the jacket.
She was about to pull her hair out! My Mom and I were laughing at her. We aren't very nice people.
But instead the opposite happened. It took her an hour to charge her phone. Lucy then decided to simply buy another one.
When I was walking towards the front door, I tripped. Luckily, my butt landed on the ground before my face. However, the pizza was ruined and I had to get a new one.
She felt better after crying so hard. She left her room to see her family eating breakfast. She bypassed breakfast, and grabbed a huge chunk of cake.
They were out of regular milk! Only soy milk was left. Eva tried it in a glass and liked it.
Keith took pictures while Mark fished. Keith dropped his camera when he saw a bear. He bought a new one at the souvenir shop.
Timothy studies his notes from class for the next test. Timothy stays up all night studying. Timothy is well prepared for the next test.
I didn't stop when I got stuck for forty-five minutes fighting a boss. I didn't stop when I had to be at work in four hours. Finally when my alarm went off I fell asleep on the couch.
Joey racked his brain to come up with a pickup line. He turned his computer on and scrubbed the internet for answers. Joey felt very professional for his date that Monday.
There was no one there. Roger opened the door cautiously His sister was around the corner laughing at him.
Tom found a store that sells fresh squeezed orange juice and vodka. Tom frequented the store. Tom was very happy with the delicious drink.
He continued to use the same tiles that he had been. The homeowner loved the result. The homeowner thanked the contractor and paid him.
Someone else was selected to fulfill a different position which they weren't qualified for. So I filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint. I learned Gays can be legally discriminated against in government.
The news was so cute that John was happy. He called up the TV station to let them know his feelings. John felt better once he made the call.
She was able to kiss face of her date with out a problem. She was happy not to worry about getting lipstick all over her utensils and glass. In the end, she was happy and kissed her date with clean lips.
It was the final inning, and she didn't show up. They replaced her with another girl and she hit the ball out of the park! Her teammates cheered her name, she had won the game!
Her daughter wanted her friend to have her own toy. So, she cried and cried for another toy. Ann was upset at her daughter's behavior and took her home.
The nurse offered him a sticker. He walked with her to the counter and looked at all of the stickers. Then, he chose one and thanked her right away.
A kid tried to challenge him to a match. the kid beat him fairly easily. He gave Tom some tips and fought him again.
His dad remained behind him in case anything bad happens. A large kid suddenly jumped out of the pool. In addition,they smacked Henry on the chest.
My job was to always bring the meat and corn. I don't mind that job at all. I can't wait for the barbeque next year.
But then he changed his mind and was nervous the whole way their. The dentist drilled and filled his bad tooth. John's toothache is gone.
I packed my things and watched my wife dress my newborn son. I loaded my car and ran back to Oklahoma. I know I need to start over.
Dan watched a video with an instructor to learn to dance. After watching, Dan decided that he would go to the studio. Dan was excited that he was able to learn how to ballroom dance.
I got into my sleeping bag and began to pretend to sleep. Then I was frightened by something banging on the tent and growling. Then the tent unzipped and we could see my Uncle laughing at us.
She asked a friend if they could do a trim for her. The friend agreed, and made sure to treat her special. They talked and laughed while cutting her hair.
I grabbed one of my American history books and read the first two chapters about our constitutional convention. I dozed off reading about the Connecticut compromise. Next thing I knew, sunlight was peeking at me through the window.
He grabbed one and begged his mom to get it. She told him maybe and he pushed the bike around with him. When they went to check out, she agreed to buy the bike.
She decided to smell the incense one by one. She realized that she wasn't actually that into any of the scents. She didn't want to waste the money so she just passed on the incense.
My brother climbed one of the trees. We told him to get down He fell from the tree.
Sam knew that if he kept practicing he would achieve great success. Sam practiced for weeks! Eventually he learned expert juggling and his wife was impressed.
The opposing team's players danced on the field when they scored a touchdown. Mark sighed when he saw the other team score. Mark's team lost the game.
I held up four of my fingers. He thought about it real hard. He did not know what number that was.
The Rug was supposed to be delivered at noon. However to her dismay it wasn't, Katie was upset. The Rug never came.
He found his new favorite recipe. It was for a chocolate cake. When he took it out of the oven, he dropped it.
What if people laughed at her? But her mom convinced her to submit one anyways. And people didn't laugh - they published it and applauded her effor!
She found a chocolate chip set. She bought all she could. She stayed up all night and planned the party.
Tom was scared, but the other man saw him too. Both men didn't know what to think until they started talking. They discovered they were both adopted, and must be long lost brothers!
Alone I walked to the park with some bread for the ducks. Mark thought it was weird that I wanted to feed the ducks. Mark has been telling everyone how much I love to feed the ducks.
Her sister tried to take it back but it burned her fingers. Jenna took the phone from her hand. The sister began to cry loudly.
Jamie almost flew off the handle. He decided to calm down some. The wait was easier.
He walked slowly down the aisle to get a drink. He turned slowly and started to fall. He tripped and spilled the drink everywhere.
One day, a low-income man needed help on his car. The man owned a diner and gave Daniel food in return. Daniel did it for a discount and brought the food home for his kids.
Suddenly he tripped on a wire he didn't notice. He also fell down, spraining his ankle. That day he learned the lesson to be aware of surroundings.
He signed up for tryouts anyway. When he went to tryouts he did a great job. Chris made the soccer team!
The employee at the paint store recommends a calming light green. Samantha paints her room the light green color. She loves the way her room looks now.
I explained to her the Mormons would probably send missionaries if we gave them our info. I ordered a different book, and a Mormon actually called to deliver it. I agreed to meet with the missionary in order to get the book.
She accepted defeat. Rachel didn't beat me. She is so embarrassed, she needs to practice for next time.
She became a tenured faculty member. Sarah taught with all her heart and skill. In only 4 years, she'd become one of the most beloved professors.
But being out in the sun made him sick. He threw up in the dugout. His friends all laughed at him until he cried.
He was only one gutter ball away from a scoreless game. He bowled and the ball was perfectly in line for a strike. But then a kid ran out onto the lane and stopped the ball.
People honked at him to slow down. He thought it was because he looked so silly. But actually a squirrel was riding on the board behind him.
A local church decided to buy her a used car as a gift. Smokey politely declined the gift. She still lives in the small apartment.
They couldn't pass up the good meats. They tasted delicious. We now realize why it was so expensive.
She and her boyfriend were going to be going to the movies that night. They were going to see Gods of Egypt together She was well rested when her boyfriend arrived.
She told me she left because of the chemical smell. she thought it would burn her scalp. She decided to lay off the treatments.
I researched and found a company that had shirts with velcro snaps. I ordered a pair of shirts to try them out. They work very well, and I will buy more.
He gets bored sometimes being at home all day with the baby. He decided to open up a daycare in his house for other babies as well. Before long Kevin would watch four kids at once and make money too!
He played so well a small crowd started forming around him. He began singing a song and the crowd started singing it too. It was a productive moment for Harold.
They camped out in the basement instead and put up their tents. That night it rained. None of the their gear got wet.
On the night of the reunion it zipped up perfectly. Dora had lost weight since purchasing the dress. It thrilled her emotionally and she had a great night.
She called her family to come to dinner. They politely ate the burnt dinner prepared by Amanda. Everyone politely thanked Amanda for her cooking skills.
She bought a dress, which she never had before. She loved the colors of the dress. She took pictures of her dress.
While walking he noticed dripping water, so Dave tried to find the source of the water. He saw a small leak coming from the hull. Dave watched as the water came in faster, and he quickly sent for the repair crew.
Her little brother stood behind her as she walked by the scale. Somehow she knew she had gained 6 pounds. Then she saw her brother had his foot on the edge of the scale.
Luckily I was okay and later in the game the other team's quarterback threw it quickly. I saw the ball coming and I jumped to catch it, my second interception. This time as soon as I caught it, I ran it back for a touchdown.
Iggy didn't recognize the cat. He started barking at his owner. She picked the kitten up and Iggy went right up to her.
Jake's babysitter filled the tub part way with warm water. Jake's babysitter placed Jake in the tub and washed his hair and body. Jake's babysitter finished by taking him out and drying him with the towel.
I stopped playing with the dog and took the cat outside to clean him. I sprayed him with the hose and put shampoo in his fur. I brought him inside and dried him off.
Robbie would walk to the Humane Society and look at the cats in the cages. His favorite was a black and grey cat. Robbie's parents surprised him by bringing the new cat home.
My sentences were much longer than he anticipated. He got mad at me. I gave him the middle finger and he fired me.
I felt relieved because I saw vulture circling in the sky. They swoop down fast on what looked to be a dead prey a couple of feet away. They were trying to eat that poor animal but it was still alive.
Ava mom assures her that her party will be perfect. Ava calls and confirms everything but forgot the balloons. The day of the party Ava mom surprises her with the balloons she picked.
Tomas sets a new personal record for doing squats. Tomas tears his hamstring. Tomas can't do squats for 3 more months.
She began eating the food. Suddenly, she noticed a fly in the bowl. She yelled out, and a waiter came and promised to make it up to her.
Her mother was single and she wanted to remain close to her. Kara came home most weekends to say hi. One day, she walked into the house and found her mom dead on the floor.
From that point on, Jane never refused to ever use a videotape again. Even when she watches a DVD, she doesn't turn her phone off just in case. Even though she knew it wasn't real, it made her feel better.
After she made him his lunch, he was eating his sandwich on the way to the meeting. He spilled mustard on his favorite tie! So, he took off his tie, and attended the meeting.
When it arrived, it was much smaller and uglier than pictured. Uma tried it out but hated how it made her home feel. She had to send it back and replace it.
Suddenly the bug zapper above him sizzled and shattered! Albert went to the hospital with minor burns and scratches. He sued the bug zapper company, and received a small settlement.
He kept an eye on his mom while she raked leaves. All of a sudden, Charlie took off in a dash. He jumped right in the middle of the huge leaf pile!
Joe has been asked to join a band. Jim goes to see his son play in the band. He is proud of how hard his son tries at playing guitar.
Carol and Joe would spend summer nights looking for the stars. Because there was light pollution, they couldn't see everything. They still shared those special moments for years to come.
Unfortunately the fridge broke. Jane didn't want to waste the food. She put it in an ice chest instead.
The following summer he delivered newspapers for even more money. By the spring he was the richest kid in his class. All this success made him seriously rethink college.
He would sit around for small periods of time. One day he fainted when trying to stand up. Sam realized he was overexercising.
When she saved enough, she and her mother went to the store again. Amy chose a doll that looked just like her to go with her puppy doll. Amy was very happy with her new dolls.
This was the third milestone she'd missed. Ellen went to tell her boss, who just shook his head. She spent that night looking for a new job.
At the hotel he opened it to get some clothes out. The suitcase was full of money and surprisingly not clothes. Joe counted the money and got very excited.
Matthew's mom agreed to let him go with Micah. Micah arrived to trick or treat with Matthew. Micah and Matthew collected lots of candy.
While walking from his stalled car, he sees a sign for the lottery. He decides to pick up a ticket when he gets to the station. Turns out it was the winning ticket.
He got too distracted. He lost track of his phone. He missed a call with the job offer.
He went one time though to see what it's about and he thought it was creepy. What the preacher said was even worse. Tim decided to not go again.
Chris let his friend drive his dad's expensive SUV offroad while drunk. The friends had an amazing time offroading in the nice car. They had one of the best experiences of their lives offroading until they wrecked the SUV while drunk.
So when his computer got infected he had no help. His roommate installed antivirus software. And when Po used his computer next, the internet was working again.
She tried to cover her hair with her hand all day. She hurried to brush her hair as soon as she arrived home. Ida vowed never to forget to brush again!
Jeremy was hungry all day. When his owner came home she refilled his bowl of food. Jeremy is a happy cat now.
She taught me the basics of science. I learned how to do biological equations. I passed science with an A.
I couldn't find any apples. They were sold out of apples. I left the store and went home.
I sat at home and ate them while watching movies. I also had a bottle of wine. The date with myself was more pleasant than I thought!
In the beginning, she was very sad about it. After the surgery had healed, she began physical therapy. She did great and eventually got her leg back to as good as new!
Jim put some lotion on his dry hands. They immediately stopped feeling dry. Jim was relieved and stopped thinking about his hands.
At the date she wowed the actor with her sincerety. So wowed that he got her a role in his next commercial too. She nailed the next commercial as well and now she is famous.
Ben stopped and stared open mouthed. He was amazed at its vast size. Ben decided that city was the largest thing he'd ever seen.
During the walk Tony asked Tisa to marry him. She said yes. Everyone in the park theater cheered.
Jack White screamed in fright and flung his guitar against the wall. It shattered into a million pieces. Amethyst picked up a piece and together the two girls ran away before the lights came back on.
Tim thought she was really pretty. He would often hit on her. Tim was ultimately told to stop.
Then she got her test back to find she had a bad grade. Fran discussed her grade with her classmates. She was shocked to find out she had studied the wrong chapter.
The cars were too expensive. The dealer decided to give me a discount on a yellow car. I saved for a year and finally had a new car!
Tim got sick before his first tour. He was sent home. Tim was never the same again.
The bus from the airport to the city is very slow. Finally, he arrives at his hotel. Jason goes to sleep because he is so tired from traveling.
She slowly set down the phone. She walked down the hall. She gently climbed into bed and took deep breaths.
Annie asked her coworkers for a recommendation of a different Alaskan cruise line. Annie looked up the cruise lines and activities mentioned to her by the co workers. Annie picked a new cruise line and decided that she would do snowboarding and whale watching.
I like getting a copy of my stories. I contacted the head research person of the study. I now know why they wanted the stories I've submitted.
At the party, a handsome guy and his friends came over to her. Angie was flattered when he said she reminded him of someone famous. The guy turned to his pals and said she looked like Barbra Streisand.
Lucy went to her grandmother and apologized. May asked what the apology was for. May was satisfied with the answer and took Lucy to Blockbuster.
Unfortunately he dropped it after a week and it broke. Tom didn't have his receipt but they were able to look him up with his credit card. Tom got to exchange it for another one.
A hole had shown up in the jeans, but Tom didn't want to get rid of them. He decided to try and sew up the hole. It went well and he wore them often.
We were tired and ready for lunch by noon. After eating in the car, I wanted to exercise instead of logging our specimen. But it was still storming so we couldn't play and put off our work.
Sometimes he would scare them on purpose. Once he tricked them by bringing stuff from the embalming room to his house. After that his friends rarely visited Adam at home.
However, she had no idea their adventure would entail driving on mud. At the lake, she was startled as he drove his truck into the mud. The truck was stuck for a few seconds.
She opened the roll and told Jack how much each quarter was worth. Jack began to practice counting. He learned how to count the change very quickly.
He swam in the ocean and laid in the sand on the beach. He went deep sea fishing and parasailing. Dallas felt very well rested when he returned from his vacation.
Tom didn't take them. On the way there the sun glare was really bad. He admitted to his wife that she was right.
Then he found one that paid pretty good to write short stories. So he wrote a few. David was happy with his new job.
She thought it would interesting to go on it. She took one step. But after the second step she fell off a cliff.
One night I was working, there was a class reunion celebrating there. I soon realized it was my high school reunion. I stayed out on the floor all night to be discovered.
The clerk asked me if he could see my debit card. I checked my pockets, but noticed I forgot my debit card. I ran out to my car, found my debit card and returned to the counter.
One day the principal called them both into his office. They all had a talk. And still Sparky and Kevin are best friends.
He went inside to get help from his mom. His mom took him to urgent care to make sure he didn't have a concussion. Then, she scolded him and grounded him for not being careful.
She was tired of everything have to be in a specific way. I visited Roy at his mom's house for the first time. Stuff was meticulous there just like at Roy's
They instead they decided to go crazy and streak. Tom was into the idea. They all did it and had fun.
Then they painstakingly dig a deep moat around their next creation. They decorate the walls and the surrounding area with seashells. They smile in satisfaction as they examine their completed project.
The soda company had harmful chemicals in their batch of soda's She won a lawsuit and took her family to vacation. She took her kids and husband and had the time of her life.
A stranger helped her learn English. Unfortunately this wasnt enough and one day Hy fell ill. The stranger was sad but there was no cure for her condition.
Abby went anyway and sat down and trembled. Finally the needle came to her skin. The pain was bad but worth it.
She turned the oven on and waited for it to heat up. She had never used the oven before and wasn't sure what to do. When the oven was hot, she placed the steaks on the grates.
When his teacher asked him a question, Jim easily provided the correct answer. He was sent to recess early as a reward for his studiousness. While outside, Jim imagined he was a pirate.
Amy worked through her normal hours and then went home. The next morning she handed it in on time. The boss was impressed by her level of commitment.
He just painted pictures and stared at his computer watching Bitcoin Things seemed hopeless for a little while when Bitcoin crashed. Fortunately, my dad was able to bounce back.
After talking to other people, Mike began to write a small novel based on his life. Mike wrote the novel and worked hard on it for Years and published it. After it was published, the book became a huge success, so did Mike.
They woke up after the movie ended. Phoebe though his boyfriend was sweet and really wanted to kiss him. She decided to go all in and kissed him.
So he wrote a tell all book on the media. His book made the New York times bestseller list! Now everyone knows all about the dark arts of the media.
Next, it was time to visit the church! Neil visited the holy spot by his house. He blessed himself and prayed to God for a safe life!
Glaydss entered the sauna. Gladyss gasped because it was women's only. She apologized when she realized it was just a large woman.
A large stray dog chased him down and growled at him. Mark was severely anxious. From then on he became more cautious around dogs.
He tried on the old jeans. They did not fit them well. Tom became upset.
Ben got a cute little nightlight. Every night he kept it on all night. The light helped Ben sleep much easier.
So she had to go across the street. It took one minute. By the time she got back she was relieved.
She hoped for a girl! When it was time to learn the sex, she held her breath. She was so disappointed when she heard she was having a boy!
I started by transcribing audio clips on mturk. The first one I did took me over 3 hours for a 6 hour audio. I decided the pay was worth it and went on to more transcription work.
The tree was hauled away from the house. A strong breeze blew and the tree no longer stood in the way. Moments later the windows rattled on the house.
He had also packed some pretzels as a snack. He felt immediately worse after eating. Jake was unable to continue working after his snack.
Ariel attempted to do a twirl. She had practiced it enough though. Ariel did not smash her head on the stage and die.
He unpackaged patties for the burgers. He started outside to fire up the grill. When Jim got outside, he realized he was out of charcoal!
Her foot started to blister. Soon she was rushed to the emergency room. Kenna got some ice in her foot.
Aaron noticed his mistake and wanted to make it up to Jake. He took Jake out to his favorite restaurant Jakes mood improved and he was very appreciative
When they got to the ice cream shop there was a closed sign. They went to a pie shop instead and Janice just could not choose. After looking over the menu she decided on a chocolate pie.
She calls her aunt to ask if she can come over. Angela goes to her aunt's farm. Her aunt surprises her with a first time ride and they go riding together all day.
He called his work to tell them he wouldn't be in today. He just wanted to be alone today. He stayed in bed all day and felt better the next morning.
He kick from the horse made him fall into the haystack. Steve got up but still felt pain. Steve looked at the horse and cursed out loud.
Jed got in bed and slept for a few hours. When he got up he decided to go to the park. When he got to the park, it was very crowded.
When he came back we finally started fishing, I caught a huge flounder. They cut it up for us and we took it home to eat. It was some of the best fish I've ever had.
So she bought a Storm Trooper suit online. And she got an old milk crate to make a fake gun. Everyone loved her creative easy costume.
He forgot about the cheese for three months. Finally, he found the rotting cheese. After smelling the rotten cheese, Tom didn't like cheese anymore.
He got out and approached the man cautiously. The man had been hit by another car but was still alive. Jerry went back to his car to get the cell phone.
She started to organize her closet, but that couldn't see the tv. Finally, Gloria resorted to listening to the show instead. She finally enjoyed her day.
Her grades have been steady lately. Her parents let her have her phone after all homework is done. Jennifer is upset, but understands and gets to studying.
It was very bright. She walked up to the tall glass doors. The she could see the flames inside of it.
I negotiated a rate of ten dollars per hour. After a week of work, I decided to decrease my hourly rate. I fired the maid and decided to do the chores myself.
I brought it inside and quickly put it on the shelf. The next morning I looked outside to see another phonebook! I decided that I would just leave that one laying there.
She had decided to break things off anyhow. She explained to friends that she thought he was repressing his homosexuality. She was embarrassed when he came to school with his new girlfriend.
When my uncle tried to offer her food, she loudly spoke her words. So she was able to get to know the family well. They asked her to come again before I took her home.
I think my friend could name them. I've decided to give them to a friend for Christmas. It will be a wonderful holiday!
She worked really hard on the post tryout audition routine. When it was her turn, she gave it her all but was pretty bad. Unfortunately she didn't get selected for the team.
Peggy lunged at a squirrel and the leash broke. I chased Sam for an hour before sitting on the ground to cry. Peggy came back immediately and started licking my face.
He came home with a nice box packaged for his wife. She opened it and grinned. Inside were two tickets for their first cruise together.
Now they were stuck in the woods with nothing to drink. Eve decided to collect from streams and rivers from the woods. She made her dad a delicious drinks from nature!
She wanted to buy the book. I set a goal for her to reach to buy it. She was able to buy it after reaching her goal in a month.
David contacted technical support. After several minutes technical support resolved the error. David no longer had trouble getting those unwanted calls.
He read many books and forums, and felt he was improving. He rotely followed the commands of the tutorials. Upon simply trying to build websites from scratch, he improved.
Beth felt calm and grabbed a flower. A small rabbit hopped on to the trail right in front of her. Beth laughed out loud, and breathed a sigh of euphoria.
She led me out to the car and said we were going for a ride. About ten minutes later, we pulled into a parking lot. We picked out the perfect spot and are very excited for the fireworks.
She's gotten used to making new friends at every new location. Samantha wonders if this could be her last school. However, she knows it won't be.
Her mom ate a bowl with no complaints and said it was tasty. Whitney finally tried a bowl and it was lumpy and disgusting. She was heartbroken that she had messed up her mom's famous soup.
He forgot about it midway and fell asleep. He woke up to burned lasagna. He put out a small fire and went back to sleep
Jamie went to the cupboard to get all the ingredients she needed. Jamie mixed all the ingredients and baked the cake. Jamie ate a big piece of chocolate cake.
They decided to make a rule so Tammy would have a harder time. The next game was much closer. The game after that Jane had won.
She was distracted and the buses drove past her and she pretended not to care. She called her mom, but she didn't answer. Gina walked all the way home alone.
As the wedding started, a storm came out of nowhere. Thunder, lightning, and rain forced everyone to stay in the church. The wedding wasn't ruined and both John and Tina were happy.
So i can't hit the targets with good accuracy. I asked him to teach me about pistols. Next year he will teach me how to shoot pistols properly.
After that, they felt bad their friend was mean to me, so they all huddled around me and danced with me. They asked if I would like to be with all of them. Finally we all took turns kissing.
He looked for a restaurant to go to. In the evening, he ate chicken and vegetables. He shared the meal with his wife, and they enjoyed it a lot.
Unfortunately they were all too expensive. He found some similar looking cheap knock offs online. Tim bought some and nobody knew the difference.
I ran to my girlfriend to get some ice. I could see the black stinger inside me. I immediately started being afraid of bees since.
He slowly opened the mailbox and peeked inside. The mailbox was completely empty! Lance smiled as he remembered it was Sunday.
Jeremy quickly pulled all of the weeds in the garden. Then, his mom took him to the store. He chose a new pokemon game with his money.
However I was thinking of a name for the Rambler but was having trouble. Then it dawned on me I could name it after my best friend's wife. So I named the Rambler Marie.
She currently has a dead end job and hates it. She wanted to quit her join to join the Peace Corp. She told her friends about it and they tried to cheer her up.
In his apartment parking structure, he saw the Miata with its top off. He decided to go inside the car and trash the interior. He posted pictures of it on Facebook but was quickly caught.
The girl sat down by Doug and he thought he stood a chance with her. By halftime, Doug's lips had turned blue. Then, Doug was on his way to the hospital with hypothermia.
The took the car to the site. Then everyone lined up to kiss the stone. Ora went home convinced she had earned herself lots of good luck!
He needed his own money for things like gas and insurance. The very first job he applied to he got. He ended up stocking shelves and had a blast.
One day I came home from school to find my brother eating a pizza. The pizza did not look good and I asked him if he cooked it right. He told me he cooked in the microwave and I began to gag.
When I got to her office, she wasn't busy so we talked for an hour. After all was said and done, I had clear solution. She had helped enough for me to be on track.
John tried a trick but fell and broke his ankle. Since he could not walk home, John's friends called his mother. His mother arrived and said John was no longer allowed out to skate.
It turned out he gave them the wrong number. Jake was disappointed but kept waiting for the call. Eventually Jake got the call he was waiting for after he emailed them.
Her daughter had to leave her apartment and move 45 miles East. Once she got to her new place, she loved it. She was so surprised and excited of what was to come.
It is her favorite piece. This year her an earthquake knocked it over and shattered it. Cindy has never been so devastated.
It was sad because the shepard loved her the most. He made her his personal pet. She used to follow him everywhere he went.
He got great grades. He thought his parents would be ecstatic. It turns out they happily welcomed him home.
I pushed my jacket back through the window. After I was caught, I climbed out and ran for my life. I would never return to that house again.
I agreed , reasoning that it it'll be easy. Riley picked out the colors and away I went! In the end it turned out very nice and I was proud.
He wish he hadn't taken a laxative Then he wouldn't have to go. He wasn't happy on this extra special Christmas.
The big day came. They finally got to open gifts. The children enjoyed that Christmas.
She finally talked to her mother alone after many years. Her mother was fine with it and wasn't surprised at all. She spoke to her dad and the same happened.
He ran a hard debate. He ended up losing. His fringe supporters were unhappy.
But as soon as the sun went all the way down, he was shivering. He circled the whole lake anyway. And when he got home he took a hot shower.
He didn't know she hated cruises. Tom's girlfriend thought they were soulless. It really hurt Tom's feelings.
she quickly got up, feeling embarrassed. I held back a laugh as to not make her feel bad. I offered to take the trash out for her in the future.
One morning he snuck outside. He was determined to catch it. But instead of an elf, he found a deer!
She read how to do many new exercises. She bought a gym membership. She never actually went to the gym though.
When she was visiting her grandparents they served asparagus. She didn't want to be rude, but she didn't want to eat it either. When her grandma wasn't looking, her dad moved it to his plate.
George's friend took the BAR exam and failed. His friend was disappointed so he studied harder and took the test again. His friend finally passed the BAR and he and George achieved their dream's of becoming lawyers.
Joe had gone to see what was going on with the big waves. When he arrived everyone was just watching the waves. Joe started to surf the waves, people joined in and had fun.
Amy talked to people who knew the boy she liked. Amy found out the boy she liked was single and liked her as well. Amy asked the boy she liked to be her boyfriend.
At the pet store, Johnny saw a Persian cat he liked. His parents paid for the kitty. They took their new cat home to join the family.
He drove to her place to surprise her but on the way his car broke down. Tina had to come and help him. They ended up having a wonderful night waiting for the mechanic to arrive.
She left early, but on the way to the property there was a big traffic jam. She arrived at the rental property just in time, only to see a notice on the door. The plumber had been there at 11, and she'd had the time wrong.
His roommate had a guest over. The guest was a transvestite. Joe was very interested in talking to his guest.
Ben and Alice arrived first. The other couple was very late getting to the theater. By the time they got there, it was halfway over.
I was impervious to the warm air. I didn't even sweat. It was then that I began to see summer as a sort of emotional shield.
They bet the loser would clean up after the party. Dan didn't want to have to clean up. Dan mocked his brother for an hour as his brother cleaned up.
She squeezed fruit and stirred in sugar. Then, hopefully, she opened the stand for business. Within one hour she had sold every drop of her tasty punch!
One day Todd made him a pb&j sandwich with a pickle inside. Sam loved it, pickles were one of his favorites now. Todd was happy they both liked pickles.
Jason sent his book to publishers. Not one publisher got back to him. Jason was very discouraged.
The membership was up for renewal. Alex felt like the fifty dollars was a good deal. Alex did renew his membership.
But during rush hour a few cars would speed through the intersection. Today it was rush hour, and a snow storm. There were 5 times as many cars at the speeding through the intersection.
She said "darn" each time the other team scored. She could not remember what she was supposed to say when her team scored. Finally her friend Liz whispered the word "yeah" as she walked by.
There was a man there, I was scared and shy at the same time. But as time goes by, I feel comfortable talking to him. I wanted to know more about him but the bus just arrived.
Every holiday Pauly would stay in the town. He would see how much the town had grown and his friends had grown old. It made him both sad and happy to see all the changes.
He won the game handily because he played alone. His imaginary friends got upset and left. James' imaginary friends refused to play with him again.
After he slipped and fell he started crying. Other kids saw him in pain They called his parents.
I finally decided to clean the entire house, top to bottom, to make sure it didn't happen again. I finally found the source of the fruit fly problem deep in a cabinet. The fruit flies were coming from a huge rotting bag of potatoes.
Jack fired a rock from his slingshot to try to scare the squirrels. Jack realized it was a baby bird's nest with one injured baby bird. Jack helped the bird by taking care of it and eventually set it free.
I finally was broke so I needed to borrow money. I invited my friends over. We had beer and pizza and played pool.
Then she saw that she had run out of wine. So she drove down the street to the store and bought some. She was happy to get more because she hated not having wine with her meal.
Harry decided to cheat to beat Brian. Harry ended up winning the game. Now everyone thinks that Harry is the best at Battleship.
I fell heavily and the sandwich dropped on the ground. Once my brother helped me get up, he took me to the hospital. I was diagnosed with a sprained knee.
He then finds one on the street and its only 2700 dollars. He decides to call the seller up. He buys the car
Then one day Jay noticed three apple trees in his neighborhood! He picked dozens of apples and brought them to his grandma. She made him three pies and he stuffed himself silly!
But it immediately went black, and our other friend told us that we did not have the right plug. We went back to the store to get the plug. We were finally able to watch shows on our TV.
She was so confident! She stepped up on the scale. There, she saw she had lost twenty pounds!
Tom didn't know what it was. He were excited to open it. It turned out to just be a bunch of pictures.
He took out a new belt to try on. Jim put on the new belt for a test fit. He was pleased with how the belt fit.
Rachael decided it was time Beaux needed a bath. She didn't have to drag him from his dog bed to the bathroom. Because he was not holding still, Rachael ended up getting a bath too.
He didn't want friends. He just wanted to hang out by himself. But more than that he wanted to dance.
The test results from the biopsy were positive for lymphoma cancer. Sara went through six rounds of chemotherapy. She is grateful to her mother for suggesting the tests now that her cancer is now in remission.
As the race was beginning, Andy was anxious to to race Bolt However, when the gun sounded, Andy knew Bolt would win. Andy was so excited that he got to run with Usain Bolt, even though he won their track race.
He decides to go inside to take off a scarf. Now he feels ready to go. Without his scarf, Lester braves the warmth to get coffee.
He, twenty years her senior, chatted with her online. They talked for hours, enjoying each other's company. They both said goodnight at the end of the evening.
Kitty was sure the apples were all bad now! Then she had a great idea to avoid wasting them. She fed them to the horses!
Next day, she went out and tried drinking wine. This made her feel better. Melissa started drinking wine every night.
As soon as she got there she felt emotional. She felt badly for the animals. At the end of the session she felt very bonded.
Scott leaned forward to see the bands play. The guitar sounded a chord. Scott quickly pulled his hands over his ears and cried.
She showed me some pictures of old instruments. Many were unfamiliar, but some were recognizable. I bought a flute similar to those I had seen, and started learning it.
She pretended that she didn't know Gary. Although he was confused, he still tried to get her attention. She walked away by herself.
She no longer had to make up excuses about why she was broke. She now has plenty of money She is not stressed out anymore.
The night before he had been in the middle of the most amazing game he had ever played. His computer died during the night. He gave up and did his homework instead.
She faced her fears though, and while she was scared, she felt excited as she boarded the plane. Skydiving was one of the best experiences she ever had. Charlene was happy that she tried it.
I smelled pie. I went into the kitchen and saw the pie. Her apple pie had looked delicious inside the oven!
There were some nice dresses at the store. She searched a few more stores and ended up going back to the first one. Finally, she picked something off the rack that was perfect for her!
Once he gave the final wipe the window had water spots. He was discouraged and he took a picture of the window. He sent the photo to his mom to ask for advice.
Trina felt incredibly like she was dieing and called 911. The paramedics gave her some medicine and got her right into a bed. Luckily when she woke up, the doctors told her she would live.
Each family member wrote down two names on two pieces of paper. Missy put the names in a hat and selected two at random. The name she pulled out is what they named the family's new dog and the second name went to the new cat.
His first beer was very good. His friends loved it. He was very happy.
But then his wife stopped him and called him back in. She made him remove his shirt and tie so she could iron it. He then realized he forgot his tie, then his wife found it and ironed it.
Pam explained her situation to the McDonald's Cashier. The cashier immediately blamed Pam for the damaged phone. Pam spoke with the manager who apologized for the inconvenience.
I've called the city many times but they won't send a repair crew to fix it. A crew came to inspect it after a while and said there was nothing wrong. Our water is still weak and cloudy.
She entered a local nearby bingo hall. The game lasted twenty-four minutes. In the end, Katherine won and took home the prize of five dollars.
Suddenly, the tiger was jumping towards the hoop. The tiger dove on to the ramp and launched in the air. The tiger went straight through the flaming hoop.
Last Friday he noticed Tom moved in two miles down the road. Dave thought he'd go introduce himself. Today Dave found himself knocking on Tom's door, smiling.
When he finally got started he realized there was an essay to write. He didn't feel like writing an essay. He put his head down on his desk and took a nap.
The town was having a talent show next week and was accepting people. Sam signed up for the talent show and was so excited about it. Sam showed off his new trick and won first prize at the show.
I saw one that really caught my eye. I brought it to the clerk and bought it. I went home and read it again, I really like it.
People would ask him for a mint at the playground. He would acquiesce and they'd socialize. Soon Ben was known as the Mint Man!
All she had was a frozen pepperoni pizza. She made a pizza. As she went to eat, she dropped her entire pizza on the floor.
He thought about if he had called the man to tell him where he could get his wallet. He imagined the man would be so happy that he would give John a reward. He might have given him half the money that was in the wallet.
Santa came down the chimney and left presents under the tree. He at the cookies that the kids left for him. The kids saw him and told their parents.
He started having a nightmare. He fought the monster in it as hard as he could. He then realized that it was impossible to defeat and stopped trying.
She avoided anything to do with extroversion and sociability. She didn't want to make friends or be outgoing. When she started home schooling, Ali didn't have to worry about making friends in high school.
Stefanie was telling a very interesting story. She forgot to count lines in the sweater she knitted. She had to re-do it so it was still perfect.
They seemed in high spirits. Every other time they were at her uncles they were happy. Today didn't seem different at all.
The nostalgic pictures motivated him to look up airline tickets for his trip back to Denver. In addition, Dan books a hotel room for his stay. Dan is very excited about visiting his hometown of Denver.
I grabbed the cat food and went to the bowl. I refilled the food bowl and the cat ate. I sat down and the cat behaved normally again.
I shut my eyes, scared, what could it be? I pretended to be asleep waiting for the worst to happen. Then my cat jumped up on my bed.
One day his greed overcame his senses. In a fit of madness, he created a terrible video game. Everyone who played, wanted Metzen to find true love.
She decided to build a matchstick house. She would eventually build up a huge edifice. The hobby helped pass the time, saving her sanity.
She asked her friend Sammy to help her move. Together, they were able to move out her stuff in 2 days. Samantha thanked Sammy afterwards by buying her lunch.
My Dad suggested asking a nearby shelter if they need volunteers. I called the shelter and made an appointment for orientation. I went to help sort donations and got an A on the project.
But their printing plants in other cities were closing. His boss assured them that their plant would stay open and he would get paid eventually. But Charles showed up for work and the business was closed.
Too nervous to ask someone in person, she learned how to write poetry. Ann wrote a beautiful sonnet for Ted, asking him to the prom. Ted was so impressed, he accepted her invitation immediately.
Wendy was happy she could join the party. Her mother's friends showed Wendy the exciting new books they had brought. Wendy enjoyed all the bedtime stories and enjoyed the party.
A researcher discovered that his code was insecure. Many digital news outlets covered the researcher's work. Shalil was fired by the end of the year.
Spending time with him while he complained about his wound took its toll on his friend. The two boys squared up while the others shouted. But their mothers interrupted them, saying it was time for dinner.
I told him to stop doing it. He told me he likes his sheets to be smooth at night. I told him it was a silly habit.
The bear flew through my windshield. I was rushed to the hospital. The doctor set my two broken arms.
Sue can only dream of getting the perfect ring. While at dinner, Sue expected a proposal, but he never popped the question. Sue cried.
He practiced day and night for a month straight and got sick of it. There were many times he wanted to quit. He was diligent, decided not to quit, and now he is the best.
He cut himself! He had to go to the hospital for medical aid. He learned to be more careful with knives.
When his alarm hit Tim didn't want to wake up. He hit snooze over and over again. Tim wound up waking up late and doing nothing.
Today Carrie tied the dog outside and went into the bakery. She came out and split a jelly doughnut with her dog. Carrie has the happiest dog in the neighborhood.
John looked out his window while waiting. He saw some bait for sale. His dad bought the bait.
While going through the building, he found several boxes of old books left behind. Kevin had them appraised and found that they were worth thousands! He sold them at auction and used the cash to furnish more of the building.
Months went by, and Eli forgot about the book. Then he got a letter in the mail. The library was asking him to pay his damage fee of 400 dollars.
He went every day to be disgusted by them swimming and growing bigger. Soon the tadpoles lost their tails and grew bigger. Before long, Bill's tadpoles all morphed into frogs!
B's daughter wanted her to pick up both of the twins. B refused, as the siblings fight a lot. B picked up just one twin and the other stayed in after school care.
It seemed dark and mysterious. He was not interested in exploring because he realized he was lost. Eventually he made it back down the hill.
Dee was jealous that Matt liked Holly in spite of her lack of poetic prowess. Holly had no interest in Matt, Dee, or their poems. After graduation, Dee left Matt for a novelist.
Vince looked around, but couldn't find his way back. After a few days, he still had plenty of food and water. Eventually, Vince found a road and followed it home.
Annie loves her dog. She continued to feed him the correct amount. The dog can still run around like a puppy.
They all had fun digging in his yard. David and his friends were planting an apple tree! David gave fresh apples to his friends when they were done planting.
While they were cleaning up the house, Kathy found a ring. She found out it was golden ring. The jeweler told them it is worth ten thousand dollars.
So he worked very hard to speak with different students for the following year. Finally he was elected to student council the next year. James felt very proud of all of his hard work.
She saw the blank screen and started to get nervous. Mary decided she should think through what she should write about. Mary completely forgot about her story.
Kylie made some silly combinations of ice cream. She ate a lot of it and was full. She then watched a movie and went to sleep.
His teacher persuaded him to try, so Justin traced his family tree back several generations. His teacher was impressed with how thorough his research was. Justin got an A on his project.
Carl kept letting him win. At one point Carl beat him. Carl's became visibly happy over it.
She decided to buy another one that had a price tag of 50 dollars on it. Rae haggled with the owner over the price. They finally settled on a new price of 15 dollars.
When Sally woke up, she ran on the trail. She got there just as the sun was going down. Sally will make sure her alarm is set from now on.
They practiced every day after school. They wore costumes and choreographed a routine. Henry's band won first place.
He took the train to the city at 4 am to be closer to the stage. When he got there, there were people waiting. He had to wait hours before the show.
She started practicing again and she entered a contest to show her skills to others. She competed with the best in her area and won. Becca has a trophy that reminds her of that day now.
She saw a picture of her friend at an anti-war protest in the paper. A photographer took a photo and Bernicee's friend made the newspaper. But she looked like she was a little woman holding off an army.
They chose to travel north to a mall that wasn't terribly far away. The children had a wonderful time and met a new friend to play with. They kept in touch with their friend even after they went home.
She loved the food, sights and people while she was there. After 5 years, it was time to go back to the states. She missed Poland a lot and when she grew up she went back often.
But Nick couldn't be persuaded. He enlisted as soon as he quit his job. His first letter home told his family that they were moving with him!
On the way to work her car stalled. A mechanic came and inspected her vehicle. Then he informed her that her gas tank was frozen!
She told him about Dr. Roberts. Dr. Roberts had a 7th floor window. A bottle of drugs fell out and drugs were smashed.
This Christmas, she plans to take her friends with her. Her plan is to take them to Australia. She thinks they'll enjoy the sun more than the cold.
She accidentally bounced the ball into a vase. The vase broke into pieces. Ginny's mom grounded her.
An client calls him and schedules an appointment. Frank is nervous at the appointment and forgets name. He was never called back for a follow-up.
Surprised, I asked him why he was eating a salad. He told me that he had a heart attack and was trying to incorporated eating better. I think now I might start eating more salad myself.
However, he still limped here and there and many people looked at him strangely. But Tim ignored them. After all he used to be like them before this happened to him.
Gina rarely spoke to her gram. She was nervous to ask for money. She gathered all her courage and dialed her phone number.
Candy followed a strict diet and cooked chicken instead. She ran to the kitchen when she smelled smoke. Candy had actually burned the chicken.
His principal recommended his teacher for review. She failed the review, but the class was so much happier after she changed that they threw a party for her. Henry presented her with the class gift and flowers in admiration.
He heard a loud noise. When he turned he seen a black bear running away. He ran home to get his gun.
A neighbor saw it happen and called her husband. He came back from work. Ellen's husband didn't know how to process it.
He trained anyway for a year. He ate right and got plenty of sleep. A year later Steve proved himself wrong and benched well over two hundred!
When he entered the flea market, he noticed everything was 50% off. Jim felt distraught and rushed home to get the wallet. He happily walked out after finding his wallet and buying three colorful pairs of shoes.
She was enthusiastic as a newer teacher. As a new semester began she found herself very involved. She handed out assignments and stayed engaged with her students all day.
Rick asked me if I had ever jumped in the lake. I said that one time I was about to jump in the lake but I heard something. When I looked in the water there was a big alligator, so I didn't jump in!
I came home very depress. My wife didn't see that I was depress. She gave me a hug to  greet me.
She really loved playing tennis but didnt have the time to do it more often. She just bought a pair of tennis shoes but wanted to buy another. So later, she bought white ones.
Jan had asked that staff if there were bananas available. The employee said those were all ripe the bananas they had. Jan decided to buy the bananas and enjoy her bike ride.
Charles contacted the seller. She demonstrated the Surface computer and it worked fine. It was the kind of computer that used the Adobe Creative Suite.
He dreamed that he bought apples. He then woke up and decided to heat to Shoprite. He was upset he hadn't shopped before his nap.
Marco put a pizza in the microwave. Then, he went back to hang out with his friends. Marco became distracted, and the pizza burned on accident.
I was not paying attention. He even knocked over his bottle. I mopped up the ketchup.
Suddenly, there was a knock at the door. Jane forgot about the pizza. She smelled nothing and realized it had never started baking.
He jumped into the laker, at the bottom of the lake he found a car. He opened the door to look around. He found a wallet in the car and nothing else.
The screwdriver didn't fit in the handle slot. Finally she decided to try a Barbie doll leg. It was a long shot, but she had to try everything.
When they already had enough money to buy it something happened. My friend got sick and rushed to the hospital. They don't have enough money so I decided to give her the money for my phone.
The book wasn't back on the shelf because she stole it. The book had been stolen. Gina would have to wait up to a month to let the heat die down.
Terrified, Anna took shelter in her tent. After a few hours, she tentatively emerged and looked around. Thankfully, the park ranger had wandered away.
The doctor came to my house and said I needed an exterminator. It took a few days for the exterminator to come to the house. I have never seen a termite in the house again.
She spotted a cute wiener dog. She adopted the puppy in the shelter office. She brought it home and named him Hank.
Jim told James he did not believe in mummies. James thought Jim was just playing with him. He was laughing at Jim and Jim got upset and left the museum.
Gary went to the tattoo artist and had it checked. The tattoo artist told him that what he saw was just a dark freckle. Gary was very happy and relieved.
Finally he watches a documentary about Utah. He loves the friendly people there. Johnny is so glad when he thinks of visiting Utah.
But we were invited into the next group, and William wanted to go to Korea while I wanted to go to Germany. So they sent William to Germany. And then they sent me to Vietnam.
They caught up with each other over the next 10 years. The baby brother then left to go to college. Joey and his brother remain close to this day.
The trunk was full of stuff and luggage was piled on top. The gravel roads were very rough and the ride was bumpy. Alice enjoyed the experience but took a different route back to the hotel.
Tom had been slowly catching up. At the last minute the power went out. It cleared their scores and ruined the game.
As soon as I called her back, she didn't respond. I also tried calling her a week later however, she didn't respond. I decided to wait for her to text me.
He entered a state competition, confident he would win. He trained a lot, after all, since he knew he needed training. He came in first.
She discussed the armed forces with the recruiter. She was tempted to join but wanted to think it over. After a day she decided not to join the Army.
He looked in the corner and found a group of baby birds. It turned out their mother had made a nest and laid some eggs. He decided to carry them outside so they could be free.
I started it, and that was all I did for the afternoon. It took me a few hours, but eventually I put the pieces all in it. I felt very proud of myself once completed.
Although he preferred Hawaii, he moved to be with his new wife. She was originally from the UK and had family there. He now thinks of the UK as his home.
Since I wasn't familiar with anyone, I felt awkward. Someone shouted my name out loud as I was leaving. I noticed that it was my high school friend, Elena.
Jessica liked romantic comedies and her boyfriend liked horror. They decided on a romantic comedy flick. Jessica left the theater completely satisfied.
Then Paul argued with the owner about the job. The owner became angry and fired Paul from his store. Paul told the owner that he forgave him and still wanted work.
She played volleyball with people she didn't know at the beach. She thought she was going to lose. She won near the end of the game.
Since he saw no one coming, he rolled through it. An old man on the sidewalk yelled at Jim. Jim felt guilty and sped away from the old man.
I had a family problem and I was so confused that I didn't know what to do. My friends comforted me and offered their support. I found out that all of my friends would stand by me through thick and thin.
He ended up missing so many classes he got kicked out. He moved back home with his parents. He immediately enrolled in community college.
We'd then tell the cops we were in love with them. Well, one of these cops asked if they could come over and meet us. When they arrived, we realized it was my roommate's sister! She arrested us.
When it was her time the cashier walked away. Amy asked her to come back. The cashier told Amy she was on break and walked away.
Additionally, Tommy opened a lemonade stand in front of his house. Because Tommy's lemonade was delicious, his stand was a huge success. Within a week, he had earned enough money to upgrade his computer.
She refused to stop be mobile. One day she was walking too close to the curb. And she almost fell down.
The kids began to jump on the large pile of leaves Amy later realized they had strewn the leaves back all over the yard. Amy spent another 30 minutes cleaning up the mess of leaves.
While forced to go, she asked to hold the baby. Her aunt told her that she needed to wash her hands first. Christa quickly washed up and then held the baby.
I was already awake. I got out of bed. I made myself breakfast.
No one bothered to help me and ended up closing their windows. Although I didn't expect it, eventually a man stopped and helped. Before moving, I thanked him.
Someone finally told us that a girl had given her one on the bus. However, when she got off the bus she dropped it in the grass. When my parents drove by the area we got my doll back.
One day her best friend saw her leaving Starbucks with the married man. She asked her later on who he was. She told her and was surprised she was not upset.
Her friend told her it would be great to just donate her hair. Linda compared companies that turn hair into wigs for patients. She felt really good when she put her ponytail in the mail.
A shy boy named Dan was running too. Liz heard him say that he never succeeded at anything. Liz told him that she was working for him and announced she would not run for the office..
She had cleaned the bathroom, kitchen, front room, and bedrooms. She had then washed the windows. Marsha then had paid the lady, and she left.
Every day, he forgot his daily schedule. Gradually he found himself more rushed and less organized. Tim was sad that he didn't have a strategy that worked!
He stopped a local and asked for directions to a restaurant. A pedestrian pointed vaguely to the West. The soldier saluted him off.
She found some that were very cheap at a local used book store. They were used. But when she looked closely at them they looked like new.
Last year they took pictures on a railroad track. This year they are going to the railroad track again. This has become a wonderful tradition for this family.
Luckily she made a new friend. One girl in particular Lucy became her new best friend. Lucy was happy she was able to have a best friend finally.
She had looked in several stores. She finally found a skirt she liked. Millie promptly began to wear skirts all the time.
I practiced my lines day and night. I decided to scrap my previous schedule and go anyway. I got the role.
Gina sat on the loveseat watching TV with her mom. When her mom went to the bathroom Gina was relieved. Gina didn't have to put the key back on the chain.
As she watched other girls have it done she grew more and more scared. Luckily her mom was there to tell her she couldn't do it. She loved her mom's decision more than she could have imagined.
Today, Mark changed his playing style from rock to jazz. Happily, he played for an extra hour. When he quit, he could hear dance steps through the ceiling.
When he got to it, Colin was very timid. He didn't want to be too near to the cars. By the end of the day, Colin was glad that he went.
It was cinnamon. It smelled just like her mom's special homemade cinnamon rolls. It actually was the cinnamon rolls so she rushed downstairs to get one before her brother ate them all.
Lucy then did her best to get a lot of votes. In the end her rival won. Lucy had to try again next year.
He asked his best friend to come on a double date. His friend suggested they start out at the water park. They took their dates there and had a great time.
Lucy was scared of the marks on the zucchini. She was brave so grandma wouldn't know. When they finished, she was just happy she hadn't burned herself.
A pregnant woman with a child in the back seat swerved to miss Dan as he picked up his empty garbage can on the street. She crashed into an electric pole and died. Dan was charged with involuntary manslaughter for his negligence.
All of a sudden a man began running towards the tracks. He jumped in front of the train, but the train wasn't moving. Right before the man realized, the train cops yelled halt so the man ran.
Each day the farmer worried about which mule to use since they are resistant to the plow. One morning he saw both mules standing together. He got the idea to hook both mules to the plow to make it easier on them.
She was afraid when she started that she would end up burning everything. Even the napkins were folded nicely. Tim, her husband was happy he hadn't ordered a pizza.
Nick liked the caterpillar so much, he decided to keep it. Before keeping it, he decided to look the caterpillar's species up. He saw that it was an endangered species and decided to let it go.
After a while, I decided to give it a try. The taste was moist and delicious. It was very yummy!
It's usually in his backpack. When it wasn't there, he looked under the car seat. Now he's ready to climb the mountains.
Our two year old granddaughter was on. Her dad wanted her to say Happy Anniversary but she did not. My wife enjoyed the session anyway.
Instantly his cab was pulled over by a cop. Aaron always knew flirting with cops could get out of tickets, so he told the cab driver. The cab driver now has a date with the backseat of a cop car.
Stating it as a safety hazard, he complained to his boss His boss disregarded Terek's opinion and did nothing He showed his boss the tapes and his boss relented and fired his friend
They wanted to know what type of music she liked. When she answered they laughed and said it was for kids. Gina hadn't realized she needed to change music she liked.
Her parents had left all of her old stuff out in her old room. They thought it would be more sensitive to leave it as her room. Sarah felt treasured and loved because of this.
On the way to the dining room she tripped. The pumpkin went flying. The pumpkin broke open spilling its guts everywhere.
He was going to take me to the best restaurant. It would've been so romantic, instead I cried at home. I didn't even get a goodnight kiss, he just walked me to my door.
She decided to remove them and plant new ones. The second ones came up much better. Karen has expanded her garden and now sells them full time!
He went to the street and found some there, he broke his moms window with a rock. The punishment for the broken window was two weeks without television. Justin promised to never throw rocks again.
Some people stopped by and listened Nobody gave him any money He went home empty handed.
She filled up a bucket. Before she knew it she filled up two. She made apple pies when she got home.
The rich man gave a lot more. The widow gave more than the rich man. The mite was all she had.
While on the road, his dirt bike began to stop working Suddenly, Todd's dirt bike ran out of gas Todd's friends rode back and got his truck and picked him up.
I was called by my Spanish teacher. She gave me the Most Improved award for Spanish. I thanked her and walked off the stage.
Fred got lost and was scared. The next day he tried to find his way outside. Instead he found he liked inside the house and stayed there.
She went inside and placed her order. They boiled water and added their own tea. Then Ana sat and sipped her favorite morning tea!
She found it in her pocket, and when she scratched it, she couldn't believe her eyes. Then she screamed with joy. Cara had won eight hundred dollars!
John commented on our afros everyday. He was jealous of our hair. The last day of school, everyone laugh when John wore an Afro wig
They came across a pack of wolves! Terrified, they climbed into the nearest tree. There they stayed until they had moved on.
The phone still works. I took the phone to get it fixed. I paid to have the cracked edge replaced.
He had spent years toiling over it. When he was finished, he discovered that he had carved two left feet. After that, he took up painting.
When darkness fell the first spark flew. It exploded into the air above their spot. The fireworks display was even better than the year before.
He really wanted to try playing a sport, though. We got some people together at the park and played soccer. Teddy had fun and scored the winning goal.
There is only one more game left in the season. I am starting to compile all of my research into one article. I hope my article is published.
But since he was also the first one in, his friends had stolen his towel and clothes before they got in. Tom had to search to find them. Everyone laughed.
He split her time between swimming and soaking in the sun. Erin went home and turned a fan on to relax. Erin had a relaxing day overall.
Lisa decided to buy Lucy a catnip toy anyway, Lucy played with the toy for a couple of minutes. Lucy lost interest after that.
So they took a bus back home. They had to stand since the bus was already overcrowded. As the bus made a sharp turn, Fred's racket hit Jacob's elbow They ended up having to go to the hospital to treat Jacob's elbow.
He used to be rich host parties with lines of the finest cocaine. But the bubble burst and now he was scoring crack. As the undercover cop busted him, he felt strangely relieved.
About an hour into his drive, he realized he was lost! James didn't know what to do. He turned around and tried to find his way back home.
Tina was very fond of her favorite dress. However, Tina's dad said she didn't wear it often enough. The dress should come and have some fun, he said.
He bought himself a ticket at the depot. Then he eagerly boarded the plane. As it flew away from the airport, he beamed with joy!
they let him know that he had to pay his bill. They offered to extend the due date a few weeks. Mark was stubborn and he refused to respond to them.
And before he knew it, he was snoring loudly. He snored as the dancers moved around the stage. When it was over he even admitted to his mother that he fell asleep.
It decided that a garbage bin held some delicious food. After digging through it, it found a sandwich! The dog then left fatter than ever.
The elevator he was waiting for began to chime, then stopped with a loud grinding noise. Everyone inside was alright, but it would take hours to get the elevator working again. Randall was extremely dismayed that he'd have to run up the stairs to his meeting.
She never really forgave him. Tom eventually moved away. He ignored her completely.
Out of nowhere someone hit a random old lady in the face with a brick! The person fled immediately. She needed to go to the hospital but was ultimately okay.
She eats a bowl of cereal and grabs her homework. Her mom packs her a lunch for the day. Sara runs out the school bus to go to school.
All of a sudden, a woman came right through them. She hits the man's head with her bag. After that, she walks away with tears in her eyes.
The cat had been on a tree. Sam climbed up the tree and nearly fell on his way up. The cat jumped down the tree, and Sam managed to grab it.
He took out cash for lunch. He left work and went home. He was relieved to be home and relaxing.
However, he tripped over a pothole and fell on his face. I ran to him to find out what happened. He couldn't get up for a few minutes.
Suddenly something hit him hard on the butt. It was the mother goat and she looked angry. Lucas wasn't frightened and head butted her just as she had done.
She was worried that she may lose her job. Janet spoke with her supervisor about the commendations. She received training to help her be more friendly.
She scheduled him for that afternoon. At the dentist, Jason learned he had a bad tooth. The dentist removed the bad tooth.
I asked him if they had any good dieting tips. He said no, but they did eat eggs a lot. We joked about other things over the rest of dinner.
She also chose to stop eating junk and stick to a healthy diet. She began to feel better and noticed her clothes getting looser, so she worked out at home, too. Six months later, she had lost those 50 pounds.
Soon after, she lost track of time. The eggs boiled over onto the stove. She was unable to make her oatmeal in such a mess.
My girlfriend agreed to marry me anyway. We hugged and kissed. I felt proud.
Except for one, the one that does not go in is blind. I think she cannot tell when the sun goes down. I always have to wait to close the coop when she is ready.
Several days later Will got a call from the school. They called him to tell them about his good grades. Will was so proud.
But at 30 her mother talked her into returning for a visit. All of her favorite local haunts were gone. Alison ended her trip feeling more like a stranger than a native.
He bought concessions and went to his seat. Jim watched his team win the game int he 9th inning. He had to watch from home, though, because his parrot got him kicked out.
So they studied. They ate graham crackers. They called them almost s'mores.
But one day she wanted it back. She couldn't find out who bought it. Finally her friend admitted to knowing who bought it from her.
One morning he opened the cupboard to find that he still had lots of coffee and wanted some. This hadn't happened to Jim for a long time. Jim went to work that day a caffeinated, wired up tweaker.
It made him sick to think of his squalor. Oishi decided to give up thiinking about money and live the life of a monk. Oishi found true happiness in monkhood instead of money.
My boyfriend kept cans because his dead mother used to collect them. I took the cans to give to same man as Cindy at the dump. Turns out my boyfriend's father was the man at the trash site.
With one minute to spare, she skips breakfast and runs to school. She arrives too late for the class and fails the test. From then on, Elizabeth made sure to always set her alarm.
Moments later, Marge nodded off, lulled by the train's engine. When she awoke, the passengers were disembarking. She heard them remark about all the beautiful sights they'd seen.
His doctor suggested a risky new preventative drug trial. Mason decided it couldn't hurt and signed up. To his delight the drugs worked and he never got cancer.
One day she was at an old woman's house. The woman decided to order a ton of cookies. The total cost ended up being very helpful.
Sam saw someone pull in his driveway so went to see who. His dog came with him. The dog barked as he met the stranger.
He and a friend rode motorcycles in a canyon. The earth shook and a few pebbles fell down. Johnny and his friends outran the pebbles using their motorcycles.
The diet consisted of nothing but vegetables and water. Jill's friends didn't think it sounded healthy and commented as such. Luckily she trusted her friends and decided not to do the diet.
Faced with nothing to do, Peter decided he would sleep. He eventually dreamt that he meandered his way into a club, but there was no DJ. Peter, being a netizen, knew how to spin some tunes and get laid in his dreams.
We put treats in each of the dog's stockings. The dogs smelled the treats in their stockings and pulled them down. The dogs' stockings were opened on December 12th instead of Christmas.
Tony told his nephew to prepare to ski for a few hours. His nephew said that was not possible. Next, their tour guide pointed out a charging Moose.
When he got home he proceeded to unwind and get ready for his snack. He went to the kitchen and poured himself a huge cup of cold milk. When he opened the cookie jar he realized they were all gone.
She found the new number and made a appointment for that afternoon. When she went in, she was nervous about what kind of style to choose. Ultimately she picked one that suited her well and made her very happy.
I was looking for someone who had tickets. Someone with tickets approached me. I paid generously for them.
Her mother found the game confusing. Her mother  was not very good after all. But Gina tried her best in spite of this.
All her animals were seated on the picnic blanket. She was serving them tea and cookies. It was a great tea party!
The seats were all first come, first served. Missy and her family hurried to take their seats. The whole bus ride was awesome.
There were brand new kids and teachers. And the campus was so large that she got lost. Steph was excited to explore the rest of the buildings at her college.
Every Friday he would hustle and make money. One guy got so made he cut off Shane's other arm. Now Shane can't make any money as a dart player.
It led her to a tree to treat her paw. She barked at a squirrel on the tree a few times. Her paw was fine and we went home.
They were mad to be stuck outside. Her little sister ran to the first floor window. Her brothers raced each other to the window in the basement.
I was always fascinated by the colors of painting. I told my old teacher that I want to be a painting teacher too. He said that's a good passion to have.
Everyone else agreed that was against the rules. They all punched me in the arm as a punishment. I stopped playing and went to the hospital instead.
I'm fine not getting any money back. It's frustrating and more annoying than it's worth. I'd rather not put in the effort in the end.
He wanted to take out his report card and show it to her. His secret was a good one. He had improved his grades in every single class!
I had spent two weeks working on the design. My professor said it was the worst design in the class! I realized I had no future as an innovative architect.
His dog had already got excited and made him put on his shoes anyway. Jack went out grudgingly, but was soon romping through snow. Dog and master returned home quite wet and snowy, but very happy.
Finally everyone else showed up. When Tina showed up she was the first one. Tina was upset she was so early.
Mark thought going to Ireland would be cool to go first. Mark planned a trip to Ireland with his girlfriend. When he got there, he proposed to his girlfriend.
But, he wanted to play games more. The next day his teacher yelled at him for not doing all the homework. Tom never neglected his homework again.
He was the ugliest kid in the family. His mother and father put his mind at ease. They said they loved him and paid for his huge mole on his forehead to be removed.
The sound of other people smacking and talking made them angry. His problem was his crush wanted to see the new Nicholas Sparks movie. So they decided not to go and are watching a movie at home.
It was his first time. He wasn't prepared for how hard it would be. Tim slipped and got severely hurt after he landed.
She let Tim copy her willingly. But after the test, another classmate told the teacher what happened. The teacher believed the other student and gave both Tina and her new friend a zero on the test.
She ran home and got her mother and they went back to help the boy. They began talking while he cleaned up. Soon Ada and the new boy had become great friends.
Ali froze when she saw Val. Val was going to find out what's wrong. Just when Ali's friend June came in and saved Ali from his shame.
The doctor told her she could sing if the pain didn't bother her. Carly decided to cancel the concert because it just hurt too much. She promised her fans another one once she felt better.
However, unbeknownst to me, I had my bus ticket for the wrong time. When I got there it was already gone. I had to catch the next bus early the following morning.
There were no safety hazards according to the inspector. My sister in law was not there and wanted to know exactly what was said. She is a bit paranoid.
He decided to knock on the window to see if anyone was inside. An old man opened the door and began yelling at Jeff. My brother ran from the car and out of the woods.
Suddenly, her teacher informed her that finishing the painting was a requirement. She started over and added a 3D element to her piece. Emily worked quickly to complete the piece and then entered her work.
Unfortunately Tom was unable to find a job after. He struggled making less than other family members. No one even knew about his graduation.
Cecilia decided to prank May by capitalizing on this fear. Cecilia  had her friends dress up like clowns. They all burst into her room one night and scared May witless!
The sailors brought fishing poles. The helped the crew catch fish. They caught ten fish!
He was really excited and chose a red one. His mom installed it right away. Alex got to ride home in his new seat.
Sometimes Jeff just takes caffeine pills. He claims it makes him more productive at work. Jeff works twice as fast as anyone else at his job.
At first, Tucker is surprised by how varied bow ties are. Finally he finds one that is stylish and doesn't clash with his look. Tucker is glad he has a good accessory now.
He took his time making it, which turned out to be fairly easy just like desserts. After it was done baking, he pulled it out of the oven. He served it to his mother who said it was better than her own recipe.
I was still dressed by parents and was nerdy. I soon developed better social skills. By the end of the year I still hadn't made friends.
But when I tried to land a new trick, I slipped and landed on my wrist. I ended up breaking it in multiple places and called 911. I went to the hospital and got properly treated.
They were looking for books for their group project. They found them in the history section. They sat down and got to work
Jackson tries the software and sees progress. He takes a part time job at a local taqueria to practice Spanish more. Soon Jackson finds that his Spanish is getting very good.
She knew a boy named Robert who had nobody to go with. She was shy, but approached Robert anyway about going with her best friend. Robert said yes, and they had a merry time.
She drew, and drew until the teacher called to check her work. The teacher was surprised that Amy did not do the report as instructed. She put Amy's on notice for failing to do the report.
One day she locked Allie out of their bedroom. She locked her out by mistake and soon opened the door. Allie also loved her step-sister.
Jose's favorite game is Need for Speed for the X-Box. One day though Jose lost a game to his older brother at Need for Speed. Now Jose needs to find a new favorite game.
However, on one weekend night before I came home, I ran into this gorgeous girl. She was visiting from Maine, and we hung out all week. She left soon after, and I never heard from her again.
So, she sold a lot of her products to me. Now, I have too much of her products. As a result, everyone I know will be getting knitted products for Christmas.
One happy day, a doctor told her she was pregnant. One night she conceived a child! She raised the baby all alone, finally happy to be a mommy!
Today he saw a coyote on the trail. He was very still as the coyote passed. He was very glad when the coyote was gone.
She stumbled and the plate fell to the ground. The bowl shattered into a bunch of little pieces. Alex cried because his favorite plate was broken.
Some didn't grow tall, so one of them went out and started to rototill. He tilled into a bees nest that was hidden under the plants. Now the plants get to grow as they want.
But first, Freda brings her laundry to the laundromat to clean. When it is all clean, she folds it and puts it away. Freda is glad that she didn't throw it all away.
First he noticed papers flying off the table for no reason. Then a chair moved across his living room floor. After that he actually saw a ghost in his house!
He spend an hour waiting to make the decision. When he thought of the pain, he was anxious. He did not feel a thing because the procedure did not happen.
After an accident she lost her voice and was terrified. She had lost her livelihood along with her voice. She had to build her life back up from scratch.
She decided to buy some more. She had left over so she painted an old dining table too. It added more color and fun to her house.
Tim practiced for months. Tim had gotten really good at drums. Tim successfully started his band!
I even sniffed scents in case I could absorb calories. Everyone said I needed help. Eventually they staged an intervention.
At finals she gave the students a relatively easy assignment. She was shocked to see there was little effort from the students. May decided to have the students retake the test and told them to try harder.
His father was deceased and his mother was at bingo. I went to the jail to get him. The police did not press charges but banned him from the store.
David drove across town dropping off applications everywhere. He waited to hear back at home, but no one called. David realized he had forgotten to include his phone number on his resumes.
I didn't lock my keys in my car by accident. I didn't have to call a specialist to help me open the door. The service would have cost me a hundred dollars.
Greg's friends wanted to buy hats they liked. Soon, Greg was selling hats to his friends. Greg made some money.
His doctor told him he had to still lose weight. Tom was too lazy to actually do it. He died when it was his time.
She needed to pay the household bills while her dad was out of work. She started to sing for money. After months of singing, she paid the bills and is singing full time!
He fell in the water. After several minutes, a small shark came and dragged him. I held on to my friend so he wouldn't drown.
In addition, several flower petals broke loose from a tree. They landed in a small puddle. She quickly tried to pick them up.
The little boy studied books on science instead, day and night. The little boy began to practice science experiments in his bedroom. The little boy finally showed his experiments to his friends and family.
He wouldn't even eat the mac and cheese because it was too dry. She had a ton of leftovers because of it. She had to eat them all week long.
Chaz begged Adaline to date him. Adaline said no. When she turned 16, she started to date Mike.
She secretly stuck an apple in the fridge. Later she went to get it but it was gone. Her husband had found it and eaten it already.
Several of her gifts were scheduled to arrive after Christmas but ended up arriving two days before Christmas. She had almost decided to just postpone her celebration until after the holiday. Since everything arrived on time, she opened her gifts.
So Oscar called in sick at work. Oscar was having so much fun with his friends that he did not notice his boss driving by bar patio they were at. The next day the boss called him into his office and scolded Oscar.
Her daughter isn't feeling well so Court takes her to the doctor. She has strep throat. Court will have to miss the party.
I had activities after school and could not ride the bus. My mom forgot about me and didn't check on me. She probably wasn't even home.
We had lunch as a family. The younger children had an Easter egg hunt. It was a lovely day.
Deb decided to buy more chickens to raise and give the eggs to the soup kitchen. All of Deb's friends also brought eggs to the soup kitchen and they told their friends. Now Deb has a successful charity and pays all her bills.
It was a bit late to drink. Ashley went to the cabinet and pulled out a bottle of wine anyway. She opened the wine and finished her night in style.
She didn't trust Daycares and felt like she should be with Avery. One day after she spent an evening with her daughter she heard something peculiar. Avery was singing her ABCs and Dina was pleased and felt she made the right choic.
Madonna didn't care, and blew smoke in the guard's face. The guard pulled out some handcuffs and promptly detained her. Madonna spent the night in a holding cell and lost her cigarettes.
When she picked it up, she saw her guitar case wet. Something had apparently spilled in the luggage trunk. Her guitar was soaking wet and would need to be repaired.
He then scheduled it again and while there they gave him two shots to numb the area. Once the area was numb, they began to pull the tooth. The sound and pain was almost unbearable for Bob's mouth.
In the distance a fire truck drove past his house. He waved from the window at the firemen as they passed. One of the firemen waved back at the boy.
I decided to have an affair. The affair made me feel fulfilled. Alas, my husband found out and divorced me.
He heard classical music playing in a house, and identified the piece. The owner was impressed by his knowledge. She let Ben's squad stay in her house for the night.
Dan had packed a cooler and a towel. Dan headed off to the work in his Jeep. Dan arrived at work and realized he still had his beach gear in the Jeep.
Fred has been working on an improving his skills because of that. He has a fairly high chance of making it. All of his friends are envious of his future chances.
At first it was very difficult. Charly kept trying over and over. Eventually he got a hang of it and painted a pretty house.
He didn't win five hundred dollars. He enjoyed a Native American dinner. Neil knew he would remember Seneca forever!
Instead she went in first thing the next morning once she got paid. Unfortunately they had to charge her a late fee. She argued at first but eventually gave up and just paid.
She decided to take the right one that came. It headed in the right direction but then broke down. Laura had to get off and walk two miles home.
Susie was horrified. One whiff and it was gross. She refused to touch it.
Kayla was confused, unhappy and nervous! But then she got to hold her new baby brother. Kayle realized that she loved being a big sister after all!
Sue stood on the starting block waiting to dive in. The gun went off and she sped through the water as fast as a fish. Her coach's big smile let her know that she had won the race.
She failed to make at least one dream come true. She did do as well as previously, failing to make the dean's list again. She never graduated.
In the morning she was still waiting in the Emergency Room. The doctors did lots of tests to find out what was wrong. Lisabeth was rushed into emergency surgery to remove her appendix.
Mine was full of bugs so the landlord hired an exterminator. All tenants bagged up their clothing and bedding. The exterminators came and sprayed chemicals.
It was on Facebook, and Tim accidentally clicked that he liked one. He immediately felt like a creeper for liking such an old picture. It was obvious he was looking through them.
All of the employees were in costume and handed out candy. They also handed out promotional coupons. At the end of the day, it was a good business event for the new store.
It was lunch time and the class lined up to leave the room. Gina decided she would trip the boy as he walked past her. But she chickened out at the last moment.
I went back inside and the someone then knocked. Again I answered the door but no one was there. This time I waited by the door and caught a kid knocking on my door.
She found a doctor to help her every week. Soon her forehand got better. Now Judy has the strongest forehand on her team.
Thinking for a moment she realized that she could run to the store to make bigger portions. She ran down to the store by her house and bought some more things. After a few hours she made a delicious dinner for her boyfriend and had leftovers.
Tom bought a filter for them. Tom installed the filter to the water bottle cooler. Tom was happy with the cleaner drinking water.
Erin's friends didn't take the class seriously and fooled around. Erin much preferred to do the experiment on his own without their distractions. He passed, but his friends all failed the class.
She waved down the cars to see if they could hurry up. A police man came and helped get traffic through at the intersection. She thanked the police man and hurried off to work.
However, I am still learning my phone and it seems sort of complicated. I am having problems trying to find my contacts. I regret buying a new phone.
But he had been saving money for a special occasion. The next morning he went to the bank to get his money for his tickets. He was able to first row tickets.
Monicka's host family hated having her around. Over the summer, Monika's host family took sight seeing everywhere without her. Monicka hated the family.
Amanda dyed her hair on her own. Amanda's hair started to fall out. Amanda stopped dying her hair after that.
Afterwards she checked on her new ink. The tattoo was totally ruined. She felt terrible and regretted not having a better care while showering.
I had seen Mark in 2013, but not since then. Tonight his wife contacted me on Facebook and said I was a homewrecker. I sent Mark's wife a email apologizing.
He did this because his brother loved ice cream. He understood that it was easy for people to enjoy an ice cream. He also gave them free soup occasionally.
Jake purchased all of the gear he would need for the trip. On the day they were supposed to climb, the weather was severe and dangerous. Jake was glad to have backed out of the climb.
I went down to another diner nearby and brought a friend to talk to. I talked to her about the election coming up. After we finished our food, conversation ended.
While walking one day, a complete stranger approached us. He said that my dog was actually his dog that had recently ran away. After talking, we found that this was his dog and I gave him the bad news.
Molly tried to pedal, but she lost her balance and fell. She got back up and continued to practice, determined to improve. After a few days of practice, Molly rode her new bike well.
John had to cut a hole in the wall to get to the motor. He took the motor apart and all it needed was a good cleaning. Now the tub works and John's wife is very happy.
I finished before he did. I smoked a few cigarettes while I waited for him to finish. On the drive home I was irritated that I had had to wait.
Dad tightened the screw too much, though. The wood underneath cracked, and the hinge tore loose. Dad cursed and ended up calling a pilot to do it, anyway
His boss, who saw a golden opportunity, fired him. Ramon would now dance on the street for money. Ramon jumped at the chance to make more money while dancing.
John could be seen in the backyard talking to someone. Amy could see it was a girl. Amy vowed to never walk down this block again.
At first they were not happy about it. But they ended up agreeing. Tina was so happy she didn't have to.
Rufus sees the carpool away just as he gets outside. Since he missed the carpool he needs to walk all the way home. Rufus swears he will never be late again.
She bolted out of bed to get ready as quick as she could. She skipped her shower because she didn't have time to. Alex somehow still left her house on time, though she was not showered and still half asleep.
Freddy was a very large, fat pig. Burt was sure he would get a great price for him. Freddy was fast asleep as the judges came to his pen.
Allie asked her parents why she never got a gift from them. They told her it was expensive enough to send her to school. Allie saw their point and decided to simply drive the car from her rich friend.
Natasha went to community college instead to pursue her dreams. When she obtained her Associate's degree, she applied for a job at her hometown news station. Natasha was thrilled when she landed her dream job.
When the teacher wasn't looking Amy stole another pencil. The teacher turned around fast and caught her. Amy ended up with a three day suspension.
She spread the sauce on it. Then she added cheese and pepperoni. Her kids couldn't wait to eat the homemade casserole!
He walked up to a girl in class and smiled. What a beautiful beach, he said. The girl misheard him and slapped him.
A year later his thumb was healed and he was challenged by a crafty 8-year-old. Lorde and the kid locked thumbs for 2 hours straight. The kid pinned Lorde after faking his own pin and slipping out.
A friend told him that a job fair was being held nearby. John attended the fair and received several job offers on the spot. In three months he moved to a nearby town and was pursuing his dreams.
We ate our fill of pancakes and sausage even though it was no longer breakfast time. The kids were thrilled to meet Santa and share their Christmas list. We left the YMCA and went home to make some Christmas cookies.
They were surprised to find the rocks looked different inside. Jon remembered his uncle had a rock collection. He planned to find out what was inside those rocks.
She knew she didn't have money so stealing was the only way. She was lucky, no one noticed her when she took the shoes. She felt bad but at the same time she didn't have a choice.
One day, Lindsay saw there was a job opening at a radio station. She didn't have experience, but she emphasized her love of music. Lindsay got the job and now she not only gets free tickets, she is also paid to watch concerts!
When she went to turn it in, she could not find it. She searched everywhere in her bag. Jane had accidentally lost the only copy of her research paper.
He tried hot drinks to warm up but it didn't help. Finally he had a great idea. He took a hot shower and felt much better.
I figured out that my son had taken some. I confronted him and he confessed. I grounded him for 3 months.
She put money in the machine and selected her desired wash tier. She used the time in the carwash conveyor to send a text message. She got out afterward and toweled the car dry of any remaining drops.
He went to practice and played really hard. Ethan made much progress. He decided to get permission to try out again.
The nurse told him he could not play for three weeks. He told his coach the nurse said he was fine and he could play. Next game he fell on his knee and made the injury worse.
Some random person was running off with her jacket. She called the police and described the suspect. Luckily they caught the guy and returned her jacket.
They all had fun. But all the sudden the power went out. The restaurant didn't get power back for another two hours.
When I tried using it, though, it started disintegrating! I quickly gave up on it and threw it out. I figured I'd stay with regular old sponges from then on.
Last week, however, she made a hat. The hat was beautiful. She decided to wear it everyday.
He and his wife decided it was the perfect time to have a chiled. Charles and his wife quit using birth control pills and gave it a shot. They are now pregnant and expecting a healthy baby.
When he saw several more in the road, Doug realized they were stray dogs. He scared the pack off by banging a shovel on the pavement. Doug stopped walking his dog without a shovel after that.
Sampson chased him and the boy screamed, fearing attack. The dog jumped on him and pinned him to the ground. Instead of biting, Sampson licked his face and wagged his tail.
I walked up to a lady selling glasses on the way out. She had some in all different shapes. I talked my mother into buying me one shaped like a boot.
Tom had wanted to stand out. He kept acting up. Tom was asked to leave the set after the audition.
Thomas grabbed three pairs of shorts and got in line. Thomas and the cashier talked about what a good deal he found. Thomas called his friends to share the shorts deal.
Jed had tried to run the QEMU image, it wouldn't work. Before giving up Jed had spent days on it, getting angrier and angrier. When he finally gave up he learned to love Windows.
She was so excited. Her parents helped her practice her shoelaces until she could try it on her own. She was glad she had the new found independence.
She decided to keep shopping the next day. She found another one. She ended up liking it even more.
Troubled by his singing voice during hymns, he began to take singing lessons. However, his teacher was Norwegian. Peanut Larry wept as he could only sing Norwegian hymns.
Everyone listened, and then a mudslide came down the street. It took 10 people for a ride down the road for a mile. The next day, there was mud all over California.
Janice recruited her friend to bake them and then turned her passion into a business She opened up her very own cupcake shop, Janice's Cupcakes. Now she shares her love with everyone.
At the next meet, however, while running she tripped over a hurdle and fell! She did not win this meet after all. Kia was so embarrassed!
Edward efforts to avoid the solar eclipsed failed because he did it anyway. He peaked out his window and looked up, the blinding light hurt his eyes and made him look away in pain. He hurt his vision and now needs glasses to see.
Tom realized that they were really ugly. He decided not to wear them in public often. Every time he did someone made fun of him.
He was fatally injured and thus unable to explain what he had happened. The camera was examined by the authorities. The lack of photographs left the authorities unable to remedy the situation.
They were foolish girls who did not know about respect. The next day, many angry parents called Lena's mom. Lena's mom forbade her from having another sleepover for a year.
Katie's friend did research on the painting, finding out that it was rare. She took her new painting to an appraiser. Her painting turned out to be worth over a million dollars.
But then one of the group's antics landed Kia in detention! Kia spent a long hour thinking things through. Then she told the group that detention couldn't stop her from hanging out with them.
They walked through some trees and tried playing games. They had a lot of fun. The girls were happy they'd spent their day together.
At his new work they there was a contest for the top performers. Sam was in the top 3 in his department. Sam had won tickets to Dallas.
Tim avoided the friend for a bit. Eventually he had to talk to him and explain what had happened to the book. Tim went out and bought a replacement copy for his friend.
He started crying because he wanted to play all day long. Missy told Jimmy not to cry and let him play. Jimmy smiled and gave Missy a big hug.
He would often race his friend's car. He was known well at the quarter mile track. Tim had the fastest car in town.
Tom felt he should take the day off school. Unfortunately the teacher thought he was faking. The teacher failed Tom and didn't let him take the test.
She served a chicken dish. Val ate mostly vegetables. She only took a little of the chicken.
Tonight I went to the bathroom. I almost slipped on wet tile. Luckily I did not fall.
She made everyone afternoon coffee. In the minute she turned on TV, somebody knocked on the door. She was glad her friends came to her home.
My supervisor gave me a quick welcome. My co worker knew I was new and took it upon himself to help me. We became close friends and he made my time there much easier.
I am planning to make a new seafood dish for an upcoming dinner party. I fear my friends will consider the cuisine too plain for them. I will simply be enthusiastic and pressure them into trying the food.
A breeze blew the fly paper into Amy's hair. While the paper didn't stick in her hair, the fly remains did. Amy had to cut her hair to remove the tangled up fly parts.
She decided to make a salad. Jennifer made a salad using lettuce, tomato and other vegetables. She enjoyed it with her family.
Jacob was very excited, because he knew she was pregnant. When out playing he saw the cat in a neighbor's yard. He called to her and she trotted right up to him and he took her home, still waiting for her to have her kittens.
Eventually Tom's grandfather died. He left a will giving his log cabin to Tom. Tom sold it.
He searched around the room for something to throw at it. He threw the first thing he could find, which was his shoe. The alarm clock broke when the shoe hit it, and Steven happily slept.
After a few weeks, she noticed how clean and white her teeth looked. From then on she vowed to brush her teeth always and left the remainder on her phone. Her teeth got even better after a while.
She left the house as usual. It has been clarified when she came back home. Her clock was broken.
Being comfortable with doing shows, one day she put on a big show for a new client. The client was at first shocked that she knew so much. She then revealed she was an insider and told everyone she was a hoax.
He took off the hat and threw it on the floor. I picked the hat up. I put it on our hat rack.
I was eating spaghetti. I got sauce on my shirt. My mom scolded me for getting red sauce all over my white shirt.
Tom eventually asked her about it. Tom's girlfriend claimed she never got the letter. He knew she was lying.
Mimi tried to decorate it but Al was sentimental and a collector. They both decided the mansion wouldn't be too big to retire in. So they decided to move and take the collectibles with them.
One day he walked up on a baby deer. He was as started as the deer. Ash had experienced a once in a lifetime event that day.
I was nervous to meet everyone because I am socially anxious. I went over anyway though and managed to have a good time. I'm glad that they are going to get back on their feet and do well for themselves.
He decided to show some to his friend. He found one and they listened all the way through. It was so good that the music became some of his new favorites.
I said goodbye to all my teachers. I got all of my books. I went home from school.
My grandmother has since passed away. I continue to think about how I hate sewing 3 times a month. This reminds me of my grandmother.
Her roommate Beth asked what sort of deodorant she was using. Heidi showed her the bottle. It wasn't deodorant, it was body lotion.
In his panic, he kicked Aya in the chest! She was rushed to the funeral home. Luckily, she still had an open casket.
Once I got back I entered a tournament with a lot of prize money. I earned $10,000 with my win in the tournament. My mother actually apologized to me for the teasing.
Will began punching a punching bag. The bag slipped and dropped on his foot. Will decided perhaps he was tough enough, never returning to that gym.
But as it was getting cold she opened her door to it. The cat tore everything apart as it ran everywhere. She eventually had to shut him in the pen to preserve her home.
One day it offered a toy coupon for war figurine exchange. My 8 year old son traded in his figurines. He brought in two huge garbage bags full of figurines
I bought a table set. One of the chairs included didn't matched. The chair that didn't matched was an extra cost.
The dentist fixed it, and told Sandy that she could get her braces off next month. Sandy could not wait to see how her teeth looked. Sandy was excited to have her smile back, without her braces.
One day the money ran out on this kind of thing. So Ster had to think really hard on how to stay alive. And so he became the worst Twitch streamer there ever was.
For a moment she went to cut some fruit. When she came back she saw a huge fly in her pigs in a blanket. She had to throw everything out and start over.
His son started to save money and opened one himself. His son know knows the value of money. He now does chores to make his bank account grow.
He decides to wear a hat for a few days. Everyone started asking him why he's always wearing a hat these days. He decided to just say he's balding  so people stop asking.
He called out to help them. He wanted to ensure their safety. They were too far away to hear.
We all thought we would be bored. We decided to watch some of his programs. We actually had an enjoyable evening watching tv together.
The sand felt weird between my fingers. I added a little glitter to give it some sparkle. I mixed it in but didn't roll it around.
She hated them because of the allergic reaction that kind of flowers cause on her. Mary Jane was taken to the hospital and spent 2 months recovering. All her friends felt bad and brought her balloons.
Joe told David not to eat any dirt. David did not listen and ate the dirt any way. David was very sick and Joe had to take him to a doctor.
He founds lots of work in his field. Everyone loved his work but not enough to pay for it. Tim had to get into advertising instead.
The next day her parents asked about her room. She told them it was clean now. Her parents then gave her a present.
He had just changed out the insoles. Tom realized something had spilled in his shoes creating the smell. Tom had to wash his shoes.
Things were happening and it made perfect sense to him. He checked the channel listing. He was delighted to discover that his show was on all night.
His mommy agreed to take him for his birthday. On the day of the show he wasn't feeling good. He had to stay home and get better.
He designed a huge skyscraper for a class project. He was so excited to see it finished. The construction would never happen.
It was dark by the time the family arrived at their hotel in San Diego. For three days they toured the San Diego instead, and met with family. They returned home happy and full of stories.
She created an amazing pie recipe for the fall. It was so popular, it sold out every night! Eva became famous for her inventive new dishes.
She found a social network site for models and photographers. She did a modeling shoot for a men's magazine for a small payment. A month later, an editor called her offering $250 for a cover shoot.
She almost cried until her dad told her not to. Alison's father left. She tried to make new friends and actually like it.
Though his wife didn't believe him, he saved every penny. One day he received a huge tip from a client he was driving. Having enough funds to expand his business, Ricky went and did so.
Today they served lasagna. She wanted to eat. But she couldn't handle food in her condition.
Suddenly he began to smell smoke. He saw bright orange coming from the stove. Something in the oven spontaneously caught fire but he put it out.
People around him noticed but it didnt look like frisbee to them. They looked up and saw it was a balloon stuck on some power lines. Martin was very embarrassed and went inside and closed the door.
She saw a friend while at her window. She invited this friend over to have a piece of the cake. The friend accepted, and showed up at Maggie's house later.
He had a heart that was huge. He fixed things when he was mad. He was never in trouble at school.
He decided to find a job. In his free time he blew up balloons. Eventually he got a job at a fair at a balloon seller.
There weren't many waves and the water was so still. They came back to shore late. The day got even better by making burgers on the shore.
He stood in a line for hours and distributed food to the dogs. After that he donated toys to be given to the shelter. He enjoyed it so much he vowed to do it again next year.
She loved taking pictures of all of the giraffes. At the end of the day she decided her favorite animal. It was a giraffe.
Suddenly she heard a sound and a crack. One counter tile had broken off, and started cracking. Luckily Julia was easily able to glue it all back.
She went to therapy and talked about how she was feeling. She was taken off of her Anti-depressants prescription. That is, until Jennie found out that Tom cheated on her with her brother.
People knew this could mean only one thing. Football season was approaching soon! Go, team, go!
She wanted to pay for fresh vegetables. She found out her wallet was stolen. She panicked and ran away.
He turned on the baby monitor. He went downstairs and got the beer from the fridge. That is when he heard the baby yell, "daddy!"
When he arrived, the beaches were all closed. Maurice didn't have a very enjoyable time. He left the following weekday.
Tom tried his best to persuade her. Unfortunately the girl wasn't that into him. Tom never get a first date.
One day she ate American hamburgers. The beef tasted great. She spent much of the day trying out new foods.
But Tom ordered expensive items even though he couldn't afford them. He severely overdrafted his account. Tom spent weeks paying it off.
He was given his name when he had an incident in the kitchen. He wandered inside the house and ate all the Macaroni Molly gave him. Ever since that day the entire family called him Macaroni Pony.
Angel was paying attention to the songs Angel accidentally grabbed the hot part of the pan. She burned her hand on the pan.
She sang nearly every song at the bar. Her friends got very bored after the first 5 songs. The important thing was that Mandy enjoyed her night.
He tried to train in higher elevations to punch. It improved his punching a bit. Not enough to make him good, though.
There is turkey and all the fixings. They talk about their crops for the year and the recipes they create. Everyone enjoys the food and company of everyone around.
The girl didn't smoke it but got very mellow from the secondhand high. Then customers complained about their food not arriving. The boss fired the girl for being so slow.
She finally found the perfect one. It was expensive but she had her friend with her. Sally was happy her friend could buy it for her.
A lady was using her phone and texting. Because edna is irritated with the lady she confronted her. dna told the lady to turn off her phone or leave the church.
One day he was in a cab with two other pilots. They got into a fight and one pilot pulled out a gun. Bill was killed trying to stop the fight.
After drinking coffee they braced themselves, went out to the lake and stripped to their bikinis. They plunged into the icy water, shrieking and laughing. It was freezing, but Kia had a great time!
At the last minute he always chickened out. All of Tim's friend's made fun of him. Tim stopped going to amusement parks after that.
So she decided to hire an assistant. She had to interview everyone who applied. It was not easy for her.
His curiosity, he stopped and walked over to a stray dog. He asked the dog why she's always there every sunday. He brought the dog home with him.
The teacher kept warning the other kids. She finally decided to write them up. Miles still never got a detention.
He played it for several hours. Eventually he was able to achieve all his goals. Tom replayed the  videogame.
However, eventually all of that changed. Since I lost weight my skin is constantly sagging. I wore underwear as a safety measure.
Tom got a cold the night before the fight. Tom decided to go to work anyway. He couldn't hold the camera steady.
She finally was able to get some sleep. But then her dog started making loud banging noises again. Abby was so frustrated!
Jane asked her co worker to watch the grill. Her coworker didn't hear Jane. The food burned on the grill.
I went out and bought her blinds. I ldiike daylight, so I closed all the blinds. I kept them closed them when it was time to go.
She sucked them up with the vacuum. She emptied the container into the trash. The floor was clean again.
Tim messed up again. The boss felt bad. He gave Tim one last warning.
He heard a knock on his door. George turned around towards his apartment. It was two Jehovah's Witnesses looking to preach the gospel.
Once, while being pranked in return, she fell off a high cupboard. She was rushed to the hospital, and got stitches in her leg. She learnt a lesson, the hard way.
Half way through the year, the 1st team MLB got injured. Johnny jumped on the opportunity to show his skills. The next year, Johnny had proven himself and became the starter MLB.
He was upset he wasn't getting as much exercise as he should. He remembered his friend had started a physical therapy practice. He hired his friend and both he and William were happy.
He started licking her on the face. She couldn't help but laugh herself. She hugged him, happy he was hers.
It was extremely small. I put it back on the rack and walked away. I returned and tried again the next day.
The president agrees with his friend that the US should work to overcome political division. The president orders a committee to develop a project for unity and centrism. The committee created a project to carry out the order.
He wanted to know why a store would dare to sell him tainted food. Apparently the store, not the manufacturer, was somehow responsible for the bad food. The dog never got better, a sad day indeed for the man and dog alike.
In his spare time he advises people about fixing cars. He does a great service at a fast pace for a small fee. Miguel gets two incomes and still does what he loves.
John practiced everyday for years. John became a great baseball player. John was eventually offered a spot on a professional team.
She never tried to pick them up. Today we watched her apartment for an inspection. There were no elephants to be found.
But Fred didn't reciprocate the gesture. At the end of the trip, Mike was like a lobster. He was far too red and in pain.
She had decided to clean it out earlier. It took an hour to delete it all and cancel her subscriptions. Finally, she had a clean empty inbox.
He was really injured but still excited. He made a lot of new friends! He came home very happy!
She tried pushing him carefully, but the stroller scraped the ground. She was upset to see that the stroller fabric had ripped open. Luckily she was able to sew it back up at home.
I returned home empty handed. I wasn't happy with the free stuff I hadn't gotten. My roommate was sad that I didn't get free stuff, too.
She called her friend. Her friend found out there were some bacteria in pipes in her house. Lucy needed to change all pipes.
Leighton was freaking out before she had a bright idea. She called for friends to set up grills to serve BBQ. The wedding proceeded and it was lovely.
Ryan went to the doctor. The doctor prescribed rest. Ryan took the prescription and felt better.
Charles didn't know what he was going to do. He tried to get a 2nd job to make more money. Eventually Charles was able to get a car.
As the crowd diminished and I could move, I checked my purse. To my happines, my fake phone and fake credit cards were still there. From then on I have been very cautious with my belongings.
Suddenly she felt inspired to paint a mural on the paint. She found some pretty scenes online to replicate. Soon her son's nursery had a beautiful landscape in it and it was like a nightlight.
Notre Dame stayed strong in the second half and kept the lead. Carolina went on a 12-0 run and fought back some of the difference. They seized the momentum and eventually beat Notre Dame 88-74.
One summer she went to the Grand Canyon to hike instead. She was mesmerized by the scenic environment. She was exhausted afterwards but still enjoyed it.
They made everything miniature ,which made it even harder with the details. When they left and returned it was gone. The tide had washed it away.
A flood watch was still issued for the area. Luckily people were not required to evacuate. If not drained they would have had several feet of water.
She gave it a cookie to eat. Soon the porcupine was coming over every day for cookies. Martha was happy to have made a new animal friend.
Thinking that she finished, Mark went to go get her a root beer float. When Mark returned he only had a empty cup. Mark said he got thirsty and drank the root beer float.
Yuan was surprised at the obstruction. He then recalled there'd been a tornado the previous night. Yuan reckoned high winds brought it down and hopped over it.
If he does not get what he wants, he smiles and acts like an angel. Last week he punched two holes into a piece of paper. His mom is scheduling poetry lessons for him.
Shannon went walking with Jason. He stepped on a board with a nail puncturing his foot. He howled in pain begging Shannon to help him.
Angel decided to be a scientist because of a cool documentary she watched with friends. Angel located a famous scientist and started to learn from him. Angel had to study hard but eventually became a scientist.
The weather turned out to be beautiful in the Keys and many went snorkeling. Other travelers also spent some time tanning out by the hotel pool. I was sad I missed my trip to Key West.
He went upstairs to shower first. It took him 30 minutes. He came back down and we headed to the movie theater.
The principal saw him arriving. He ran out after Peter and caught hime. Peter was congratulated for his hard work.
He was happy to start mixing. But he found out he is out of vodka. He asked a friend to bring him some.
Someone had been playing with their instruments! Now he'd have to replace the snare. He investigated acquaintances to see if someone was using their instruments.
I went to check for him. There was no one out there. I told him he was safe.
Billy still played even without a tutor. But when he couldn't hit the ball every time he got frustrated. The coach finally showed up and explained that it would take time to get better. But Billy wanted to play a real game as soon as possible.
Andy never went to a dermatologist. The dermatologist would have suggested Andy drink more water. Andy would have drunk more water and his skin would have been less dry.
The test was very important to his grade. He was very committed to doing well. But he hadn't made sure to put the extra effort in.
He had a trip approaching and wanted his hair done. He didn't need to save money so he didn't have to try to do his own hair. Lee's hairdresser was successful at attempting to do his hair.
He likes doing odd-jobs because he can decide when he works. He also decides how much he works. One day he wants to do that full-time.
So when her mom died everyone thought she'd cry. But Irene had her eyes dried the whole time. As soon as she went home though, she cried all night about her mom.
She had heard of someone who burned their scalp when getting a perm. Allie was terrified. She didn't want to risk her hair getting ruined.
The next day, he heard a dog barking. He looked outside and saw Sparky's son. Then he frowned thinking about the fact that Sparky had died.
I spend 3 hours earlier today shopping and preparing for it. I got a call last night my Aunt collapsed and flatlined. He ended up having to come early to be with our family.
While walking to work, she noticed a woman walking along the highway. Tasha offered to call a taxi to take the woman to the store. To thank her, the lady robbed Tasha.
He went to ask his neighbor if they wanted some cookies They were glad to accept some. Tom was happy to shar
He told me that he could repair it and not have to replace it. I didn't have to go to the store to buy a new water heater. The water heater works great and I am glad I got it repaired.
Jackie's pants got sweaty. Jackie returned from the store. She changed from jeans into shorts.
He heard a groaning noise behind him. Klaus concluded it was just the engine and ignored it. The body stirred behind him and Klaus never saw it.
Tom implored his bosses not to hire more people. He didn't want them to waste money. Tom kept working because of the easy workload.
Phillip texted back to help. Then suddenly communication ceased. Phillip waited for hours, but he never heard the call for help again.
That is about to change because he was invited by his friend to one. Andrew was not enthusiastic  and was waiting for his friend to pick him up. His friend picked him up and they drove to watch the Lakers.
He sent his mom a text asking to come home and then his phone rang. It was December 18 and a company wanted to interview him. They hired Charles and he worked a whole week before Christmas break.
Day after day, he ignored his front yard. He had completely given up. He didn't feel particularly proud of his decision.
Tim won most of them. His friends didn't want him to win just because it was his birthday. It made Tim feel motivated.
John then looked through the freezer to see what to cook for dinner. He decided he did not want to cook. John ended up going out to get wings!
But she learned it was the quite the contrary. She was nervous about falling even though it seemed easy. So she held on the wall the entire time.
She went to the mall in search of the perfect red dress. She finally found the perfect one. Amy wore the dress the very next day.
The counselor said to made sure there was nothing left except for an old beer bottle. It had been open for days. Tom chugged it anyway and realized he had a problem.
He immediately started studying about how to start a business. He felt himself become smarter solely by studying about how to start a business. He did well on learning how to start a business and could start any business in the country.
But when the dentist came he said that would not be pretty. Ann would have gotten six cavities. She would have been horrified and never eaten candy again.
Martin said he would love to go someday. She invited him to her beach house. Martin thought the woman suddenly became very creepy.
I stopped him and asked him what was in his nose. He pulled out the object and showed me it was GI Joe. Then he just put the GI Joe back in his ear and ran off.
His mother would praise him at home because he enjoyed singing Marco decided to  continue his once and for all. He went to practiced so it looked like he was liking it.
Sammy didn't know how but went ice skating on the pond anyway. Just when he made it to middle of the lake, he slipped and fell unconscious. He nearly froze to death before he was rescued.
He saw leaves piling up in the gutter. The leaves were clogging the sewer! James ran out to rake them out of the gutter.
He tried driving home. Tim kept sliding around. He had to drive slowly and carefully, then changed his tires when he got home.
However, Amanda did see disturbing content in the survey. She felt confused about this. She submitted the survey anyway, though.
He did however see a strange looking man with wild hair. The man honked his nose at Trent. Trent started crying.
He then took EMT training classes. When it was time for the test, he passed with flying colors. He had the job of his dreams and ended up very happy.
She was still determined to get back into shape. At first nothing seemed to change, but she stuck to her new lifestyle. Luckily, she began to slowly slim down.
He decided to renovate a bedroom into a kitchen. It was very large with a lot of space. He said it was the best room in the house.
Her baby enjoyed it and ate quickly. Suddenly he developed a rash and began to cry. She took him to the doctor where she learned he was allergic to breast milk.
She went with her sister because the little girl begged. They got corn dogs there. They ended up with food poisoning.
He tried the button again. He called IT to come upgrade it. He felt dumb when it was pointed out that the parts are all soldered.
But suddenly the sailor's boat nearly capsized as he fought the winds. Suddenly, the sailor had no clue where he was and drifted for days. The coast guard suddenly appeared and saved him and his boat.
Because of this, she earns a lot of gifts from donors. When she doesn't earn gifts, she doesn't hit her portfolio goals. Emily was recently promoted because she hit her goals.
She frequently picked one up off the table to eat it. So the table kept losing cookies. Tina impulsively kept taking the cookies out and eating them.
So she surpisingly won. And her friends found out and high-fived her. Suzy then had the title.
She enjoyed the sights and sounds and smells of the forest. She surprised a deer, which loped away gracefully. When she got home she was tired, covered in debris and very happy.
She found out all her whites were purple. She accidently threw her purple T-shirt into the washing machine. Now she will need a lot of bleach.
One day it blew off his head We chased his hat. We caught my friends hat
They convinced him to. Tom's friends hid his keys from him. Tom eventually passed out at home.
This summer, she lost her job. She had to miss her cruise. Kim found another job and went in the summer!
The team jubilantly celebrated with back flips and high fives. While their guard was down the opposition retaliated and threw the ball at Bill's head. Bill's team ignored it and just celebrated winning the game.
He was trying to show off. Fortunately he cut the right wire. Tom continued to disarm many bombs through his career.
His friend was up there with him. They played together with a ball. They were too loud so I called them came back down from upstairs.
I threw the old toothbrush away. I put toothpaste on the new toothbrush. My son brushed his teeth before bed.
The bells were provided by the school. I studied and practiced for hours preparing for the concert. Playing the bells at the school concert was great!
Our cat put a lot of fur on it. My wife took it out to clean yesterday. She gave up and said she would buy another new comforter.
His dad, resolved to fix this, took him to an aquarium. An octopus drifted right in front of him, and James froze. But as he looked, he became fascinated and lost all fear.
She went to take a sip and forgot it was cold. Sue got a brain freeze. She decided to be more careful.
Jackson found an oboe tutor employed by the school. He practiced the oboe every day with his tutor. Jackson became one of the best oboe players in town.
She squealed as he wriggled out from under the sheets. He had let in a cold breeze. The girl snuggled into the blankets for warmth.
A movie production company saw his sculptures and hired him. Brandon sculpted several of the backdrops for a new movie. Brandon's backdrops were well-received and he made a lot of money.
There they have really long and thin slices of pizza. It tastes funny. I ate my pizza hungrily and happily, but never returned to New York.
She wanted her boss to find out. She walked boldly into the office. She had been there since 7 am.
But what hey coveted most of all was his bald face. He knew the dangers of being public. Unfortunately one day, he was kidnapped and shaved.
When she turn on the phone someone texted her. She was confused because her sim card is lost. Then she realized her mom put a new sim card in as a surprise.
He posted ads for the drums day in and day out. Harry lived in an apartment with very poor internet. Harry was unable to sell his drums because he couldn't respond to messages quickly enough.
Tila spotted a fish. They caught plenty of fish. Tila made a fish casserole when she returned home
But we were able to revive the fish as my brother immediately filled up the fish tank. The fish tank was full of water and rocks. He put the fish in its new home.
Graham told him to be quiet, but the baby wouldn't listen. Before he knew it, there was another knock at the door. Then his brother busted in the door and it had to be replaced.
The single woman got a text message from a young man. The young man sent a picture that she found attractive. She and the young man went on to date and eventually got married.
There was a coat but he didnt really like it that much. Tom decided to go to another place. He found a coat he liked there, he got several compliments on it.
So she went to loan office to try anyways She was not sure she would get it. But she was almost instantly approved.
Today my wife and I went down to buy coffee. We brought down some cake. We drank our coffee and ate cake.
She wanted to buy stamps, as CVS advertised they sell them. They were also out of stamps and she went to the post office. It was not a productive shopping errand.
Until his wife decided to take a new job. He worked hard at school, made all the grades. A few years later, his design was matched to a cosmetics ad.
He lay on the couch and played with his daughter. She laughed all day long. John resolved to spend more time at home with his family.
The mothers ate peanut butter and jelly sandwiches the kids made. They even got homemade necklaces, but the highlight was the program. The children did a cheer dedicated to their mothers.
He never tried to find some excuse. But he told her he needs to help his brother with moving. She understood.
Tom's girlfriend felt the same way. To his shock she decided to end things. Tom was not heartbroken only relieved.
During a game this summer the score was fifteen to zero. Charles had the ball and his team wanted to score at least just one point. Charles was nervous and then sunk a jump shot!
She couldn't find where it was. She finally found it. It was in her gym bag.
He thought the story was absurd because it wasn't just a comedy, but also about love. He said he was never going to fall in love. His mother laughed at him and told him to be open-minded.
Brian had taken almost none of her pieces. Karyn crafted a plan to win the game. She launched atomic warheads and destroyed the rest of Brian's pieces.
She looked online and found one It worked great and she made yogurt It tasted better than from the store
One day he and his platoon heard screaming. He saw some US soldiers trying to rape a woman. His platoon stopped the men and called the MPs.
I was supposed to run and lift weights. But it was too tiring. Now I'm just lazy again.
But that didn't help so she went back inside. She sat on her couch, curled in a ball, hoping it'd go away. But the more she thought about it, the worse it became.
I told her no, and realized how bad I was feeling and went to go lay down. I felt bad cause it was the class with the boy I liked. He called me ter to see how I was doing.
He took care of the wound, and it didn't become painfully infected. . He didn't have to go to the doctor to get antibiotics. After that he never picked at his feet again.
They had so much to drink and were so drunk they lost track of time. The bartender announced last call. Michelle and Sally realized they were hungry and should go out for breakfast.
As she stabbed and picked through her hair, the brush scratched her head. Nadine tried her best to put pressure on the scratch. But it was no use and she got blood in her hair.
When they got to the site, the skies opened up and it rained hard. The kids were forced to stay in the factory all day. They came home dry and happy that their trip had been good.
Jane was swimming a lap and her swimsuit top came off. Jane was a bit shy about it at first. They all wound up laughing it off, though.
Not even a handmade necklace with a small elephant trinket caught her eye. She didn't have to have it. Madeline declined to purchase the necklace with a smile.
His school band needed more saxophone players. Benny joined his school band. He is very happy with his decision.
Ms Smith promised to get her a new kitten if she did good in school. Every night, Zoey studied hard and long every day. When Zoe showed Ms Smith her report card, the kitten was now hers.
Bill spent all night writing a poem for Shelly. He never gave her the poem. Its sad because Bill really loves Shelly.
She made it in a fluffy bread bowl. Her family gobbled the meal up. Soup and bread bowls was their favorite!
He had made an appointment at the nail salon with his favorite artist. When he arrived, he picked out a new shade that he's wanted to try. Now he's proud of his cute nails.
She was in the middle of nowhere. She drove as fast as she could to find cover. Luckily, the snow did not make it too hard to drive.
A white sedan had collided with a green pick up head on. There was debris, gas and oil leaking all over the ground. As I drove by I saw a victim being loaded into the ambulance.
One time he was talking to her best friend. Tim's girlfriend got very jealous. She got over it and talked to the friend.
He had missed four steps and landed on his arm. Everyone laughed at how he missed four steps and landed on his arm. There the doctor told him he had a broken radius.
He decided to go see it and have fun. Shane went to the location of the concert and went inside. Shane watched the concert and enjoyed it very much.
While waiting for the bus, he looked to his left. Beside him was a large furry dog. He decided to call the Dog Furry Dog.
Finally a friend told him he was probably starving them. Tom started giving them more water. He noticed the plants started getting better.
On Christmas morning there was a large box under the tree. She opened the box and discovered a video game console. Kim was disappointed and only briefly played the console.
While fighting sneezing he closed his eyes. When his eyes opened a car had stopped in front of him. Reflexively, he avoided the car and made it work safely.
A poor client asks her to take her case. She says no because of her schedule. Tammy felt bad for her and helped her anyway.
Timberly also trained harder. She trained so hard she was able to hit home runs. She trained so hard she was able to hit home runs.
But she did take care of orphans. Mother Theresa died. Mother Teresa became known as a Saint.
She could see the large tree outside in the yard. It swayed gently in the wind. She turned from the window and got out of bed.
The lady at the window handed him his bag, but Larry dropped it. He opened his truck door to pick it up, but hit the wall. Larry was embarrassed and drove away without his taco.
He looked at the bottom of his bottle. Green algae was growing at the bottom. Lars spit out the water and went to wash the bottle.
He got in the car and settled in for the ride. Later, a police officer pulled him over and gave him a ticket. Colin took the ticket and had to pay a large fine.
She noticed one day the blue in today's toothbrush was fading. Jill went to the store later to complain they'd given her a used toothbrush. She wound up buying a new type of toothbrush and she liked that it was actually new.
So to have a better idea, she kissed Frank. Frank thought she was a great kisser, Portia dated him instead. And George found himself without a date or kisses.
Panicked, she picked up a broom. With fear in her heart, she poked at the nest. It fell and birds came flying out sending Pamela in screams to the kitchen.
Then he heard something rustling around outside and discovered it was a bear rummaging through the trash. Tom was scared and walked back inside. He waited until the bear was long gone before going back out.
Most importantly was a new necklace. It was mostly to wear to the job. Which was what made it possible in the first place.
She decided to joke and said "Smith". The friend couldn't believe it and said her name was Malhotra. Mindy lost a good friend that day because she had bad humor.
I had made some changes to live healthier. I started exercising again and cleaned up my diet. I have lost 16 pounds since that day.
There were stacks of old apple crates like a maze to crawl around in. I didn't want to climb the trees and look around at the neighbor's farms. I didn't need any toys.
Zakesha thought she would look better after receiving the perm. Zakesha met a new girl in school who'd never had a perm. Zakesha envied how good the new girl's natural hair looked.
A friendly-looking older woman walked into the store. The woman pulled out a gun and pointed it at Garry. Garry punched the woman and knocked her out.
She tried to carefully move it off the bed but it spilled. Crumbs tumbled onto her sheets and blankets. She tried cleaning it all but still all night she felt crumbs.
As i enter the stage i feel so beautiful and stunning. They made me feel that it was my big day. After the party,i opened all my gifts and i love them all.
The blade broke. When I was replacing the blade the clipper fell apart. Luckily it snapped back together.
The vet thought the dog was old and going to die soon. Josie figured she gave the dog too many treats with no exercise. After the visit she began to look for a new dog.
She was impartial when the nurse noticed. She told Tabitha that she could pick some colors for her braces. With blue and red bands added, Tabitha felt much cuter.
Will planted that bush in his front yard. Will cared for the bush for many months afterward. Today that bush is the tallest and strongest in the neighborhood.
They watched him closely. He stared back. The tiger was an incredible creature!
I found a red receptacle for the money, in a Chinese supermarket, to use next year at the graves. Normally one threw the receptacle away, for superstitious reasons, after the visit. I kept it on our porch until the next year when we visited the graves again.
Will looked through pictures of women on the internet. Will began stalking a woman from his area. Now Will isn't lonely anymore.
She is constantly taking tylenol. One day we were in her apartment and found her son's Naproxen. I am concerned about her overuse of drugs.
Even though she did not feel good the next day, the makeup test went well. She got an A grade. Kathy was happy.
He bought some products to help. Unfortunately Tim failed at quitting. Luckily he hadn't told anyone he was trying.
Xander whistled to himself merrily as he walked. Two bikes nearly ran over him! Xander turned red in embarrassment and starting paying more attention.
Unfortunately there was no room in her cupboard. As quickly as she could she cleaned out some space. Finally she was able to get her food safely put up.
Kevin didn't stop practicing everyday at his home. He developed a method of quickly dribbling around the bigger boys. Kevin was able to maintain being the best player.
The dad said because a meteor hit Earth and wiped them out. Jimmy said he didn't believe meteors existed. Jimmy's dad grew incensed and sent Jimmy to his room.
He got to the park and propped his broken leg up. The coach made him cheer on the team while he was out injured. He was ready for the injury to heal so he could play again
He started getting hours and worked on Saturdays. At first, Jon didn't make much money but he slowly got better. Eventually, Jon had enough money to go to Paris!
He loves it so much he spends his entire check on them. He has a nice car and home of his own. The price he pays for having his choice of woman at anytime is high.
He began to climb it every day. He always found an apple up there. The tree eventually ran out of apples.
She woke up hours later and went to the kitchen to grab some snack. She found out her kitchen was flooded. She had to call 911.
Everyone said they wouldn't come anyways. The day of the party her nephew said he went away instead. My wife was not pleased.
Soon, they arrived at the airport. Sasha spotted her dad on the curb. Sasha had surprised him with picking him up.
Soon they were learning about exposure and composition. Sue's photographs impressed many of her friends. Now Sue is a photographer and she can buy her own camera.
They fired him for stealing After he got fired he couldn't find a job. He ended up getting arrested for stealking again
Tom had not prepared for any emergency situation. He had no food or water in the hot desert. However, this time he got lucky.
Her owner heard her yelp. She came rushing out to see what was wrong. Her owner discovered that the tiny thorn was already removed from her paw.
She had the dress and cake. She felt relief knowing she had a venue. Brittany had the perfect venue and a perfect wedding.
He knew not to drink and drive because a friend got pulled over by a cop. His friend had spit the beer in the cop's face. He then drove off and the cop gave chase.
One night Gameboy went outside and disappeared Velma was very upset to lose her friend Velma dad took her to the animal shelter and there was Gameboy
I started flipping through ads this morning online. I found lots of stores that offer deals onsite! `I'm happy we can just hang out together and shop in the stores.
One day he decided to dedicate the entire week to the treadmill. Victor eventually decided to run outside. He is now running in a marathon.
She improvised with what she had. She had a taste. It was wonderful and she handed them to her mom.
Earlier in the week, she took a vision test and realized her old glasses were fine. She was not willing to pay for glasses until the she really needed them at a future appointment. She even had backup pair if these ones broke.
Tom didn't get scared or try to sell. Fortunately it was at a high point. Tom gained a lot of money.
Pat went for a walk and saw a bird. He decided to write a poem about the bird. Writing the poem made him really happy instead.
Jeremy's friends dared him to jump across instead. He did but fell into the mud. He ended up getting in trouble, and couldn't skate for weeks.
He still kept track of his hours and showed them to his boss. The boss said something was off and he would look into it. Tim's boss found out he was missing pay and found a resolution.
Knowing this, Will sent to see his doctor. Will was trembling with nerves when she looked him over. The doctor said that Will was fine, having developed a freckle!
He threw the popcorn in the air like confetti, getting it in his hair. Olive tried to pick all of the popcorn out but it was useless. She had to throw her son in the bath to clean him up.
One boy climbed up the tree to knock down dead wood. He fell from the tree and broke his arm. They had to take him to the doctor, so now they need more wood.
She decided to start conquering her fear. She slowly stayed home alone for longer each day. Gradually she became less and less fearful of being alone at home.
When he was reminded to be careful of poison ivy, he paid attention. As a result of his carefulness, he avoided a huge patch of it. Abdul reaffirmed his belief in the value of reading.
They kept on his power. Tom needed to take a shower. He took a really warm one.
It was an old brand of crackers she had loved as a kid. She hadn't seen it in ages and immediately bought a few boxes. At home she ate them up, enjoying the nostalgic flavor.
A father was happy that his son calmly feel asleep. His method worked. A father fell asleep after his son.
We then hiked through a trail to look for shelter to sit in. We couldn't find the shelter but what we found was much better. We finally sat under huge beautiful tree and all had a wonderful time shielded from the rain!
The maid prepared everything and cooked things perfectly. Then he waited over an hour for his wife to get home. It wasn't until midnight that the police told him of the accident.
In his ignorance, he named his pet dog Mahmoud. He thought it was a good idea. Thankfully Mahmoud outlived Tony, and was adopted by a muslim couple.
At one point the old house had creaked due to wind moving some shutters. The boys were thoroughly scared and hid in the house. They mutually agreed not to tell anyone about their experience.
I didn't buy any crap. I ended up with lots of money and food. Being broke would suck.
The accident happened when he first made a circuit in science class. The circuit was only small compared with home electrics. Vlad should have known that the electricity systems would be dangerous.
He heard an advertisement on the radio about the lottery. Bob decided he would ask someone to pick him up a lottery ticket. The night he received the ticket he checked it when the numbers were announced only to find that he wasn't a winner.
They've advanced almost all the way to Paris. One obstacle stands in their way, the Germany army. A swift victory is assured once past that.
Then he got a dog like he wanted. His dog was messy but he liked it. Unfortunately taking care of the dog stopped his art from being better acclaimed.
His new shelf was inside of the box. He eagerly took the parts and built the shelf in his room. Afterwards, he placed his school books in there.
I called the company to fix it. They came out the next day. They fixed my internet.
His family gathered round as his breathing swallowed. It took them 20 minutes to realize he was dead. It was a very sad day.
She had never seen it before. When she put it in the computer she couldn't believe it. It was the best movie she had seen.
Little Sarah gathered all the ingredients in her kitchen. Little Sarah mixed all the ingredients according to the recipe. Little Sarah baked one dozen sugar cookies.
Things were really boring at the store. A costumer arrived but left after a couple of minutes. All I can do is hang in there and hope things get busy.
They tried to apply for the same job that Mary knew they had been filled last week. They doubted her, so she called the manager. A few minutes later, the manager showed up and confirmed Mary's statement.
Her doctor had offered to tell her. Kim agreed to it. She was happy with the response.
Surprisingly I twisted my ankle rather badly. I have to have a cast on it now. It makes it even harder to go up the stairs.
Billy and Jessica began reading their daughter bedtime stories. The couple's daughter loved the stories. The daughter still never cried in the middle of the night.
Someone told Vincent about the child. The child fell and started crying. Vincent comforted the child.
He worked long and hard on a painting of some water lilies but didn't finish. Unfortunately, the school rejected his application because it was incomplete. He decided to go to business school instead.
Everyone sarcastically congratulated Jill on the strategic goal she had made. After gym, Jill went to lunch and ate her favorite meal. Jill smiled as she enjoyed the rest of her lunch.
One day he received word that his wife had left him. So to not think about it he spent a fortune re-rigging his ship for crabs. But the crab prices had tanked just like his marriage.
As soon as the store opened they all rushed in. The store was ready and was able to help each and every single person. Everyone left the store very satisfied.
The day of the test, Barry took it anyway and choked! Barry could not seem to remember most of what he studied. Barry knew he did not do well, and he was not proud of himself.
She said she really wanted that responsibility. The first month with Will's wife in charge of the checks passed by. She never forgot to write and send the checks!
Tim wanted to order one last dish. He convinced his friends to stay there for a while. It was a nice meal that Tim enjoyed.
Last night Allie invited Lisa over. She was glad to have her as a friend. Allie was excited to spend time with her best friend.
Now it was New Years and Shana expected a quiet night at home. Suddenly her ex-boyfriend asked her to get ready for a surprise. He took her out to a romantic dinner and party.
Tom watched for hours. He didn't know what to do after. He decided to go on his phone.
They made sure she was eating okay. She left with her grandparents this morning. She will be arriving around noon.
He searched every website he could think of and asked all his friends when he could buy it. Eventually, he decided to call the radio station to ask. They immediately knew when the song was being released and told him.
Kent took notice and took a big bite of his food. He immediately chewed it up in delight. Kent satisfied his appetite after the great tasting sandwich.
He had good luck. He decided to give private lessons on double bass too on the side. He became a freelancer as a second job.
The man was attempting to enter his home through a window. The police officer arrested the man and took the valuables. The officer received a demerit for arresting an innocent homeowner.
She then grew afraid that the other kids would now look at her differently. Then friends explained that they voted for her because she is nice. Emma felt even better about her nomination and win.
George opened the door telling them he wasn't interested. They busted through the door and looked for affection. George was wrong to assume they were not friendly.
One niece wouldn't come because she dyed her hair blonde. My daughter, who is half Asian, said the blonde job was hideous. She said the cousin was trying too much to be white and it insulted the niece so she wouldn't attend.
Before I went home however, I ate fast food in a parking lot. I sat there trying to think of something fun. I then decided I would just go home and sleep.
Luckily, the kids' school began a new program offering kids breakfast! Kia was so happy to hear that! Now she didn't have to feed her kids before school!
But after work she got call from him. He could go to the movies after all. He got off early.
He wondered how the snake was not moving. It was actually a dead snake. Jimmy screamed and ran away.
When the ballerinas took the stage, Ann couldn't spot her daughter. The daughter was on stage as a prop, not a dancer. Ann covered her face with her program, slumped in her seat and stopped recording.
Don accidentally punch Bob in the face. Bob fell under the bridge. Mom did not panic and took him out of the rocks immediately.
Bill screamed and kicked the squirrel away. A lady saw him do it A woman in the park called the cops on him for animal abuse
This was because Will enjoyed being scared. Will decided to accept the invitation. Will and his buddies had a blast at the haunted farm!
He walked in to see what was in there. He heard a honking noise and jumped and swung his bat. It was just his friend honking a bicycle horn.
Tim had used his best sales pitch. Fortunately, it was enough. They were glad they weren't passed up for the opportunity.
He cleaned everything in the house and was proud. Once done he noticed they need more cleaning stuff and put it on the list. His wife came home and finally noticed the clean house.
Much to his surprise, Liam thoroughly hated the recital. He gained a whole new annoyance for dance as an art form. He dreads the next opportunity to attend a dance recital.
But Lily wanted dark green and John wanted light green. They argued and tried to prove their colors were best. Suddenly they both noticed a beautiful emerald green and settled on it.
He tried to light a fire outside, but the wood was too damp to light. Without a fire, Davis was not able to prepare the dessert for his family. Davis decided to leave the cabin and bring a cake for his family.
At the school dance, Justin saw Kate sitting quietly by herself. Summoning every bit of his courage, Justin asked her to dance. Kate said yes.
I got a tack in my foot. After that day I wore shoes while playing outside. I never stepped on anything painful again.
The coach had them run down on the street for practice. When they stopped they were at a steep hill. Amy huffed and panted the whole way, but she made it to the top.
I noticed something moving out of the forest. I stopped the bike. I looked around and noticed a big bull moose.
A piece had broken underneath it. I didn't have to take it to a repair shop. He repaired it for me right then.
He went into class the next day feeling confident. His teacher decided to change the test date. Jim was so disappointed.
There, Sara's mom's job was to run the cake walk. When she was done, she was rewarded with some tickets. Using her tickets, she was able to win prize.
The zoo needed lots of help, so the owner offered to pick him up before work. He got to interact with and observe many of the animals as he worked. All in all, it was a very good experience.
She decided to volunteer at the local Humane Society. There, Linda eventually was put in charge of all of the rabbits. She is happy that she can now cuddle and care for rabbits every day for free!
In college I experimented with cornrow braids. Later in college I tried dreadlocks. Ultimately, today, I am now rocking a coily afro.
Instead of silencing the clock, her hand dumped over a glass of water.. Kate swung her legs over the edge of the bed into a sitting position. It was a less than perfect start to the day.
We had already played 10 games. I won four, tied one, and lost five. We had a good series of games.
If she worked five more Year's she would have more money. Her pension plan would have almost double the amount if she waited. Robin didn't have the patience.
One day, however, her owner, Teresa, had a tuna sandwich. Teresa accidentally dropped the can, and Trixie started licking it. Teresa was mad that Trixie would only eat her food.
He would drive the speed limit and stop at stop signs. Gary liked to ride with his grandfather. Gary decided not to ride his bike to school.
He loved ranch dressing. Tom decided to go to the store to get more. He reheated his food and drenched it in the dressing.
She carefully placed chocolate and blueberries on top of cake. Little sister went by and accidentally knocked it to the floor. Madison remembered it was just an accident and started laughing.
She see's there's a also whole litter of her desired dog breed. But, she had already picked out a dog to add to her family. Rena is very happy with her new dog.
She began separating items to keep and sell. When grabbed the last box, she found her childhood blanket. She smiled as she hugged it closely.
In the morning his family woke up. They opened gifts with him. Tom was happy.
He gave her extra tips so she would succeed. Her second year of running she made it to the State meet. The next year she ran at Nationals.
All the sudden the market crashed. Fred got nervous. He had to sell all his positions.
The woman was angry with her, but found her too nice to argue with. The woman later wrote a social media post about how nice she found Rita to be. Rita loved the post, and it make her happy while working the meters.
Seth's friend, Bobby, hated pineapples. One day, Bobby knocked Seth's pineapple slice onto the floor. Seth was sad that he could not enjoy his pineapple that night.
His wife walked in and she suddenly had tears. He thought she was sensitive. Nobu was glad he didn't have any tears.
So next he decided to have a group date. Claire was not thrilled. She wanted to spend time just the two of them.
Her friends asked her to meet them after the play for dinner at her favorite restaurant. She arrived on time. When she got there, a surprise party awaited.
Entrees were her specialty and she was already dreaming of victory! But she was so busy, she didn't hear the timer go off. Her dish wasn't done in time, and she was disqualified.
When the barber was done, Greg hated his new hair. He didn't want to be rude so he pretended to like it and paid. At home, he shaved all of his hair off.
Kia was excited. Then the judge reviewed the video and announced that he was wrong. Kia hadn't actually been first to cross the finish line.
When she came into her office, she got dizzy. Her receptionist helped her to sit down. Then she called the ambulance.
An FBI agent told Lang to keep the caller on the phone. The FBI agent traced the call to a cell phone 3 miles away. But the phone was a prepay, they couldn't identify where the caller was.
He decided to start drinking it with rum. Tim was drunk by the afternoon. He regretted that decision.
She decided to take him to dinner. Jane's boyfriend had no idea. He was very happily surprised.
She applied for a higher position at her dream job. Kat finally landed a job at the top level of the newspaper. Kat was happy and stayed at this position for many years.
He decided to memorize the driver's manual before the next driver's exam. Alvin passed the next driver's exam. Alvin was sorry that he didn't read the manual before the first test.
She has cancelled all plans so she wouldn't have any interruptions. Just then, her friend called to hang out. Katie declined so she could finish her friends blanket.
She told Tim that she loved him. Tim told her he also loved her back. They had the perfect relationship and are still together.
She felt brave because she was with her mom. She arrived to school and saw others kids, she felt scared to leave her moms side. Then she saw her friend Jody waving her over and felt better.
I went to bed disappointed. I brought my kindle in, slept, and watched a replay at 3 AM. The Red Sox won.
One day Tom surprised his wife. He left a pile of divorce papers on their kitchen table. She didn't appreciate the heartless gesture.
He fell asleep soon. The next day he woke up with a terrible hangover. Tom woke up relieved he didnt post anything on Facebook.
I told him I would not be interested and not to pick me up. John left after a few minutes without me. He probably had a great time at the arcade after he left.
When he remembered he ran out in a panic to buy a gift. He managed to buy a book just before the bookstore closed. His mother loved the book when he gave it to her the following week.
She stretched her hands towards the bear to push it away. She took a step and began screaming. Her mother took a picture of her first tantrum.
His trick was putting minor gambling elements in the games to hook people. He thought this model to be unsinkable. Until people stopped caring about electronic garbage, and quit.
One day, Frank bumped into his favorite writer at the mall. He read Frank's stories and told his parents that he was gifted. Frank is today a big writer with five bestseller novels in the market.
He started using mirrors just to get sunlight. He would stand in his bedroom randomly for minutes on end. His neighbors thought he was weird.
During one game he got tripped awkwardly. Frank was injured badly. He wasn't able to play tennis again.
When he regained consciousness, he stepped outside for a moment to get some air. Luckily his dad noticed and came to give him a pep talk. He felt better right away and happily went on to his wedding.
I turned myself inside out trying to get rid of him to no avail. Then I found the craigslist message where he was looking for man. Then I knew the breakup with him was inevitable.
She went to the store and bought a pack of blue ink pens. She started using them to take notes in college classes. Everyone teased her and said she was probably going to be a teacher.
All day she was sat around the house watching TV. It wasn't until evening that she remembered her appointment. Luckily she called in and was able to reschedule.
He doesn't want to go to summer school. He starts checking his teacher's homework website for assignments. He avoids summer school by bringing his grade up to a C-.
He pulled off the exit after falling asleep at the wheel again. There was just enough room on the lane to exit safely. Vince was annoyed when the chirping crickets kept him awake.
The dog looked hungry and homeless. Sarah fed the dog. She decided to keep the dog as her pet.
He had a tough time with it but kept working on it. He ended up breaking it even more. In the end he had to spend a bunch of money to fix his own mistakes.
He started carrying his bike while walking. His father sees John with his bike. His father offered John a ride home.
She was so tempted to place all her money on one game. Her sensibility won over though and she decided to leave. She ended up leaving with at least some money left.
His dad picked up Jamey and threw him into the water. Jamey panicked and started flailing about. He realized the water was only about a foot high and felt silly.
Amanda researched on the internet for a free online class. Amanda found a class, and immediately signed up. After taking the first class, Amanda was addicted to acrobatics.
Joe went to the store to look for wine. He found a good deal for wine and bought a bottle. Joe drove to his sister's house with the wine.
Their teacher heard Emma giggling. She looked to see Max kissing Emma's cheek. Max was punished and put in time out.
He knew that this was why he prayed so hard. He went up to the girl of his dreams. And kissed her in the face.
I one day got so frustrated with work, I left for home and packed. I booked my flight right at the airport. I have lived here since and have not looked back!
The whole family loved the cutting and coloring. Sparky took it back to school to turn it in. The teacher gave him an A.
When she went to the store she bought a pregnancy test. The next morning she took the test. It was then she knew she wasn't having a baby.
What he thought was a small anomaly caught his eye. Tim checked it and realized it was just a spec of dust. Tim was disappointed about his new discovery.
Telly stayed by himself and didn't have alot of friends. One day, Telly was stabbed by a Vietnamese immigrant. As it turned out he was a son of someone Telly had been mean to.
He tried using his compass, but it was broken. He tried remembering his scout training, but couldn't. Luckily Timmy was found not 20 feet from his camp, as he was an idiot.
He really wanted his parents to take him to chuck e cheese. So they did and invited Tim's friends. Tim had a great time.
A shooting star made a beautiful burst across the dark sky. Emma had never seen one before and she made her wish quickly. Luckily she saw another shooting star again to make another wish on.
She didn't bake a pizza with sausage topping. Rohini's salad tastes great. She is happy she decided not to order delivery food.
One morning, he didn't have an appointment and he spent time with kids. Luke was surprised to find himself having fun. He decided to work less, and spend more time with his kids.
He dropped the perch trying to remove the hook. The the perch's spine went into Joe's foot. Joe had to get a tetanus shot.
One day Phil decided that his family needed a change. He fired all his employees, closed down the church, and moved away. Phil's problems followed him so not much has changed in his life.
Tim found himself making infrequent stops at gas stations. On such a stop in a small town he met an incredibly attractive woman. He ended up marrying her and moving to the small town.
Many people in the halls moved out of the way since I had a large backpack. When I came into the class, the bell rung immediately. I decided to take a seat.
I still wanted to pay attention to the game at 7. I listened to most of the game on the radio. I watched the last few minutes of the game at home.
One day there was an electrical fires. It started in one of the walls. Tom barely made it out alive.
One of the dogs ran off. Terry chased him after he had re-leashed the other dogs. Luckily they caught the runaway and sent him home.
When my dad died, mom made it even smaller. Soon it was half the original size. Everyone teased her about her building.
He said I should get him golf clubs. I bought him the best golf clubs I could afford. I gave my dad his clubs at breakfast and he loved them.
Angel and her boyfriend decided to have sex one last time. Angel and her boyfriend bought all the necessary protection needed. Angela and her boyfriend had consensual, protected sex all night long.
Three men approached and demanded money. When the relatives refused, the men started shooting. The woman was shot in the shoulder and hospitalized.
She got pictures of some houses. Outside the house, she put a collage of them together. She was standing in the sunshine, happy.
His parents had  put a lot of time and energy into raising them. Shad felt like he got  a lot  of attention because of how they acted. Shad started acting out just so his parents would have to punish him.
He liked listening to music but was wary of his battery life. Tom decided to buy a back up battery. Tom took it next time he was hiking.
Overwhelmed by her options, she asked went to a different store. The make up artist at that store recommended a brand to her. After purchasing it, she's glad she listened to him.
She put them in brightly colored boxes. Many people didn't get better on their own by drinking her remedies. The ones who did, were already healthy.
But she was not even married. She called her mother in tears. It was not easy but she decided to keep the baby.
Jerry's wife tried to call him. She wasn't able to recah him because he was in a dead zone. She wanted to make sure he was getting around okay with his crutches.
There was a lot of pressure for Mathias to become great like his dad. Matthias became a mechanic, instead, but unlike his dad he graduated at the age of 17. By 25 he was a legend in his field and went on to surpass even his father.
It turned out my juice box had leaked inside my bag. I had to take everything out and set it out to dry. Despite my best efforts to save it, one of my notebooks was ruined.
They tried to hold a show. Half a million people showed up. Tom's band played their heart out.
She asked her husband for some assistance. He asked a series of questions, and directed her towards options. When Alison left she was happy for the help and chose a great wine!
Joe then told his mum that Sally wanted help shopping. Their mum then decided to take both of them along. Joe learned that he would have been better off just going alone.
I was ready to leave I was exited. I decided to buy a gift for her at the station. When i got there,she seemed so happy to see me.
Sally had to go to the doctor and get a checkup. Sally had to wait 6 minutes for the appointment. Once the checkup was done, Sally was able to play basketball again.
He had another chest pain and was taken to hospital and given treatment right away. Jack stayed in the hospital a couple of days to make sure he was ok. He was sent home with tablets and advice to stop it happening again.
When she was visiting her grandma she asked her where she bought them. She took careful notes as her grandma told her what store she bought them at. Amy was excited to go to the store and buy cookies on her own at home.
Mark broke up with Kristy for no reason. The next week Mark and Rachael started dating. Rachael and Kristy are no longer best friends.
Looking further, he found a kitty caught in a trap. Gregor deftly released the little cutie, who leaped up. The cat licked Gregor's face in gratitude, and the two walked away.
I slept poorly on it every night. One day, it felt as if it were losing air. I soon discovered it had a self pumping mechanism that I never used.
She finally found some at a different store, but her husband said they couldn't afford those things. She told her husband she would leave him and buy them herself. He reminded her he was also the only one with a job.
The cave reached a point where it was like walking through a wide open door. Melissa felt good and continued forward. She got past the narrowest parts and felt immense relief as the cave widened even further.
I had not seen several emails because gmail put them into spam. My brother was worried as I am not in good health. I finally opened the email and responded.
Getting to work was difficult since it was all down hill and scary. Going home was easier since the ride was all uphill and he could walk it. He arrived home exhausted and decided to practice bike-riding.
There was trash all around the area. Lisa picked up the trash and added it to her own. She began to visit the cemetery more often.
I filed a petition in federal court. The judge argued my evidence was inadmissible. My lawyer objected, the judge agreed and my boss was rewarded.
The rest of the trip his friend spent throwing up in the bathroom. Nothing he took made it better. His friend never went on another cruise again.
: As prom grew closer she knew she wanted to go with him. She debated long and hard but in her heart he was the right choice. They went to the prom and had a great time.
Once, her birthday was on the same day as the dance class. A few of her friends all brought in gifts for her. The teacher didn't approve of the gifts, however, and threw them away.
I jumped up and ran to the kitchen to get a snack. While running I stubbed my toe on the coffee table. I went to the doctor and he said my toe was broken.
He often had difficulty finding a stop to get off the bus. Because of the bus situation, Kevin was often late to class. Kevin decided to move into a dorm on campus to avoid being late.
He then fell asleep on the couch. He awoke to smoke. Jim Bob ran outside and saw his house go up in flames.
She reminisced about her first baby who had died young. She was surprised how fresh the old pain was for herself. She hoped she would have another who loved her as much.
The Broncos were favored to win the game. Jameis Winston and the 'Bucs pulled an upset victory. From the looks of it, the Falcons are still garbage.
He wanted to go in the fall and loved the ambiance that season brings. He wanted to make sure to see all of the famous landmarks whenever he went. If he loved it enough then he's planning to relocate to Washington DC soon.
She realized that the spaghetti sauce was expired. Cindy had to go to the grocery store. The dinner turned out perfect.
Suddenly one day she began feeling pains. She thought it might be the baby coming early To her surprise, it was the baby coming but it was happy and healthy.
She decided that it would be okay one time. She enjoyed her pancake. But later on she felt sick.
On his way back, he saw a vehicle on the road so he stopped to check on the vehicle. It had been abandoned. Jeff called a towing company to move the car.
She was happy. She walked around the yard. She picked up all the random sticks to play fetch with her dog.
She went to take her test and passed. She concentrated hard the whole time and passed the first time. She thought driving was easy.
He came with mutual friends. He knew everyone at the party. Tom asked him help with everything.
She felt guilty smoking in front of her children. She put the cigarette in the trash and said she would never smoke again, She smoked that night and cursed herself for no control.
But when Tina got back she noticed something. The hair looked too much like candy. So she fired Stacy.
One day I was studying between classes. I found the student lounge has tv rooms, one to each major channel. I watched a few shows between classes.
Kia was glad to save money from it not breaking. She tries to be more careful now. She dropped it again soon after and it was still ok.
They ran some tests on him. His heart was not in a good condition. The doctor didn't tell him anything because he wouldn't quit drinking or smoking immediately.
He ran over and found a wallet with money hanging out. He asked Billy what he should do. Billy took the wallet into the church in case the owner showed up.
She had to experiment with other ingredients. Her experimentation was unsuccessful. She was left with bowls and trays full of unusable sludge.
They giggled at the funny reflections of themselves in the mirrors. They giggled at the funny reflections of themselves in the mirrors. Just pass the mirrors, they found more animal exhibits.
At the top of his swing a boy jumped off. He flew through the air towards the ground. The boy landed softly in a pile of sand.
She used to think all digital watches were for kids. Jane decided to get a digital watch instead of a smartwatch. She was able to customize the digital readout.
They wanted to have a bonfire. Tim couldn't find any dry wood. They played video games at home.
Annette worked hard. She wanted to work at the diner all her life. When Annette eventually became a manager at the diner.
He called his workmates. His workmates told him to get a new carpool. Harry cried on the sidewalk that day.
His problem was parallel parking. He parked perfectly! He could now say hello to the roads.
Until this year when Charlie took a sip of his hot chocolate. There were marshmallows. Charlie angrily stormed out ending the tradition.
They were unfriendly and drank a lot. One night the younger brother fell from the porch. Lucky for him, he only broke his arm.
On her way out of the mall she and her friends were stopped by security. They banned one of her friends for stealing from the mall for one year. Annie was sad for her friend and she vowed to wait it out with her.
Gina lost control and almost slid off a cliff. The neighbors watching her froze in terror. At the last moment Gina was able to regain control of the car
He asked his roommates if they were affected by the internet being out. ONe of them said he was downloading half a dozen movies. Tom asked him to chill out for a bit.
He drew on it instead. A video caught him doing this. He was charged with a crime against the state park.
There is always an irritating breeze in the air. The trees always look so bare and ugly. At least the fall flavors come out.
We didn't put on our costumes and wait for hours to see the kids. Three hours later we had done no waiting. We had no leftover candy to take to work.
Jayce said a single word and the girl attempted to run away. Shhe tripped and fell on her face. As the other kids laughed, Jayce helped her up and smiled at her.
Tom saved a lot of money not buying a car. Todd's neighbors noticed he always walked to work. Todd's community came together and bought him a bus pass.
He went to the hospital to get a quote. It was $20000! Chris decided he would rather be blind than pay that much.
She had been through the atrocities of war. Jason was glad that she was well enough mentally to take a job. Four months later, Jason found out that the woman had killed herself.
He was sure to remind his roommate that they had called. Days passed and george forgot. When the roommate asked about the number, George drew a blank.
He bought the sheep and took it home. It trashed his house. Joshua realized that having a sheep for a pet is a bad idea
She was afraid of heights. . As soon as she got to the front of the line, she changed her mind. It terrified her.
No one was brave enough to go inside of the house. After a minute, Rita decided she was brave enough to go inside. She discovered it was a skunk making the noise!
Christopher fell in love with the new girl anyways. Christopher proposed to the new girl after 6 months. The new girl denied the proposal because he's a jerk to her.
She plopped down in front of the computer to buy some tickets. After searching for tickets for a few minutes, she found a good deal. Janel began planning for the adventure with ease.
She got a plain bow. She got her white paint. She painted tiny white polka dots all over the bow.
She saw that some girls were posting mean comments about her. She felt like crying as she read everything. Luckily the next day many of her friends comforter her.
He was too self conscious to remove his prosthetic leg when he went swimming at the lake. He was also afraid that someone would take his prosthetic leg. Trent said that it would take a very despicable person to steal a leg.
Someone suggested we play spin the bottle. It was my turn and the bottle pointed at hairy Henry. He smiled and I ran as fast as I could out the door.
Everyone discovered the reason, he put a used band-aid in a burger a customer ordered as retaliation. The customer found it after biting into it, and told the manager. Derek's manager reprimanded him.
His girlfriend complained she was cold. But he was barely cool so he didn't put on a sweater. Now his girlfriend is happy, she has a cold, and he's warmed her a lot.
We went to the park and met kids. My son played with jasper there. They are now best friends.
She kept her head held high. She realized she was lucky to be alive. Kia resolved to be grateful and happy for her life.
Tom was unsure about using them. Sure enough one of the bullets misfired. Tom decided to stop using his friends quality bullets.
He liked to do glitter eggs and tie dye. He would put them in the fridge until it was time to hide them. He loved hiding them for his friends who were like brother and sister.
Noone minded too much It was cute and he sang it well. He returned to that movie over and over again.
Max's dad went and searched the neighborhood for him. He spotted the bike in another kid's driveway. Luckily he knew where Max was now, and it was fine.
Alicia decided she would take a picture of a baby kangaroo. However, the mother kangaroo kicked the camera out of Alicia's hands. Alicia found it so funny that the kangaroo kicked her camera.
One morning the newspaper was nowhere to be found to throw. He looked around and noticed a cat holding something in its mouth. The cat noticed John and dropped the newspaper in a puddle.
Despair was slowly settling over Henry. Inspiration suddenly descended upon Henry. Lion tamer was the perfect profession for Henry.
They danced the tango as instructed by a teacher. Neither of them did very well. They laughed at their messed up dancing.
She came home. She found out she had forgotten her wallet. She had to go back to the store.
One day she went to the gym and it had closed its doors. She was unable to get any of her questions answered. Wendy was very unhappy with the gym anyway.
Will compared styles, fits and prices. Will finally made his choice - a pair of New Balance shoes. Michael placed his order and felt good about his purchase.
One night, a drunken out of towner slid his hand up Sherry's skirt. Sonny grabbed a pool cue and laid the drunk out on the floor. Sherry and Sonny remained fast friends and decided to travel together.
So she chugged six shots to ease her nerves. She got up there and rolled around the rink. She never felt more alive and her anxiety was gone.
She bought a new one, and eventually she became proficient. My mother now uses her email and computer regularly in a new job. I am proud of my mom for keeping up with times!
When she got there, she found a table that had the latest releases. Instead of getting one book, Jessica borrowed two. Jessica then went home and read the books all within a week.
I stopped at a local gas station. I also bought an iced tea. I finished it quite quickly.
He eventually went to sleep in the library. The librarian wasn't very pleased with him. Then she noticed Aiden was in the kid's section.
One person got way too drunk. They were allowed to crash there over night. The next morning was awkward for everyone.
They just kept coming out perfect after that. Finally, she got an idea. She recorded a video of her jumping to go along with the photos.
A tree fell on Tom's apartment. It caused a lot of damage to his things. Tom was reimbursed completely.
Lucy saw it and it struck her eye. The owner told her it wasn't for sale so Lucy cried. Her boyfriend said they could try to find another one just like it.
At the end of the hour, she stopped. She looked over her craft. She was extremely unsatisfied.
People often wonder why he only uses the black laces in his shoes. He tells them that he believes black laces bring good luck. Peter won the lottery and is now retired at 45.
It was barely moving because it had fallen out of its tree. She took it into the house, but her dad would not let her keep it. She called a shelter so they could adopt the bird.
It was so delicious he wanted to try copying the recipe, so he went and bought all the ingredients he thought they probably used. He even bought a large fryer. He was impressed with how great his chicken turned out.
At the end when it came time to pay, Susie handed over her coupon. It was declined because it was from 2012. Susie felt so embarrassed.
He suggested I sneak them in. Sure enough as soon as he showed me he got caught. I will continue to buy snacks at the theater
He did not want his boss to invite him for a lunch. He tried to find some excuse. He told the boss he already had a lunch plans.
I then turned around to answer my mother. I saw the coat hanging in the corner of my eye. I jumped extremely hard, thinking it was a person.
When Lucyt walked to the car, she found a $10 bill on the sidewalk. Later, at school, Lucy won an award for a poem she wrote. Smiling, Lucy said that this had been quite a lucky day.
He got so little sleep. By the end he felt terrible. By the weekend, he slept 30 hours.
He was right. Tom was very happy about it. He never mentioned it to his brother, though.
It made her get very angry. Eventually she got herself clean. When she was clean, she was nice.
His girlfriend had another pair, though, and one day when he was low on underwear, he wore the boxer shorts. Brad got injured that day, and some hospital staff saw his underwear. Brad started to believe that the boxer shorts brought him bad luck.
Everyone kept stopping them to comment on their hats. They sent me a picture of them looking at Cinderella's Castle. Their hats were shaped like Beauty and The Beast.
Shelly knew she meant it so she went to his house. He was so surprised to see her show up so late at night. The gesture was moving to him and he was torn up when she broke up with him.
The two cats played all day. They ran up and down the hallway together. The new cat now lives with Jeffy.
They went on a shopping spree. Jess was able to get new outfits. She was glad her dad took her.
The doll she wanted was sold, but there were others to buy. Gloria bought a different doll. She named it after her least favorite aunt.
I told them they were out of work. Once the sun came down, I told everyone to pack up. They covered their work and left.
Greg wasn't really nervous about his new position. He started and had a really great first day. Greg knew he had nothing to be nervous about.
It would freeze more often. Tom looked up the problem and found it was an app. He made sure not to install the app on his new phone.
After some intense conversations his parents agreed as long as he made sure it didn't pee in the house. The dog ended up peeing on the carpet that very same day. His parents ended up making him take the dog back to where he got it.
He set it down and lost track of it. He found it again and took it back. Unfortunately it turned out to be someone else's canteen.
Eventually, though, they stole it and hid under the bed with it. When Glenn finally retrieved the toy, the cats had torn it apart. He had to get them a new one the next day.
The pizza place doesn't deliver so Casey tried to start the car to go get the pizza and nothing happened. He noticed the car was on empty. Casey decided to walk to the pizza parlor.
Later he again heard a knock, and the Jehovah's Witness was back. Allan became very frightened that he would be attacked. Actually it was the neighbor boy playing a trick on him.
She walks to work. The company is concerned about her getting there every day. She said she would use the bus in bad weather.
He got a bag with one of his favorite players on it. He took the bag home and put it on his work desk. He liked to sit and look at it when he was feeling stressed.
Desmond wasn't very successful in school. His parents remained hopeful. Ultimately Desmond took his talents into the commercial demolition business.
Everyone enjoyed the music except Paul. And when they stopped at intersections, Paul's friends ducked in their seat. The whole car ride, the friends worried what others drivers were thinking.
When she got to the store, she found the perfect one. The downside was the shoes were too much. Kayla ended up not buying her dream shoes.
The next big event was Halloween so Janice didn't sign up for that. She ended up hosting a really fun class party at her house. Janice loved it and vowed never to volunteer at school.
Bergersmith's mind was unfocused. The coach's motivational speech had failed to center him. Bergersmith scored no goals that evening.
Mister Smith was about to chop an imperfect one down when they heard chirping. There was a bird's nest in the tree. They picked a different imperfect tree to take home.
One day Amy finally agreed to watch this show. Once she started watching it she was hooked. They would then have parties where they would watch it together.
His tail flopped and he moped around. He ate the bone for a long time. Then he hid it under his bed.
They made him apologize to the man and pay him back the money. Mason stuck out his tongue, kicked the man in the knee, and ran. The cops were shocked at his behavior, and this time he got arrested.
She wore it to prom. She didn't look good enough to be named prom queen. She made no new friends after that.
Claire hit the bottle and knocked it over. The bottle spilled all over her white carpet. Claire now has a huge blue stain on her carpet.
Marcus thanked her and looked at the can. He saw green beans inside. Marcus tried to eat them until his wife said he had to cook them.
Phillip decided to try running a marathon. He fell and broke his ankle. Now Phillip can't run.
Peter could no longer play the trumpet. His teacher told him his lungs are not strong enough. Peter decided to play the drums instead.
When all of a sudden they came upon a nice looking canoe. They waited for it's owner but nobody appeared to claim it. Finally, they decided to keep it.
This was because she thought it was a waste of paper. For one birthday, Heather's new friend got her a card. Despite her view, she felt special to receive a card after many years.
While he was getting gas another guy tried to start a fight. Ken didn't know the guy but over the phone Tony said he did. Luckily Ken was able to talk the man out of fighting and the man left.
Than she had to leave for four weeks. She asked her friend to watch the house. Her friend surprised Mary by replacing the dead flowers with new ones when she came back.
A New York car cut off an MA car and clipped the fender. The NY car was switching lanes unexpectedly. The MA driver was angry at the NY driver, who was a college student.
She was nervous about how her friends would react. But she was surprised by their response. Sara's friends thought the hijab made her face look great!
The prospect of this seemed dire; he loved chocolate! But begrudgingly he did and he began exercising. Four weeks later he had lost 18 pounds!
She wrote short answers. So she was placed in a low level. Tricia's parents were mad at her for that.
One day Steve took Sue for a walk. During the walk, he dropped down on one knee. He asked her to marry him and she said no.
But when it was bedtime, she noticed that the folded clothes were all still dirty. She had to wash them again. Lisa never let her daughter do laundry again.
They played the game and were sure they were doing it right. The outcomes seemed wrong so they read the rules once again. They realize that they played the entire game wrong.
She measured it and boiled water. Next I had to repeat her exact steps while she watched me. Making pasta is much easier than I expected.
Suddenly she heard some rustling noise. She got very scared. She could not sleep after her movie.
But she wasn't sure which couch cushion was best to nap. The left one was too soft, and the right one was much too hard. Finally, she found the right place - right inbetween.
They avoided the line for a really long time. When they saw the line, Liz got scared. She decided not to go on The Monster roller coaster.
I made an appointment for the same day. I waited for a long time while they saw patients. The results indicated one patient had an infection.
When she parked it there was no traffic on the street. Now she had to go pay to get it released. Gina picked up the pace, trying to get to the impound lot before work.
He needed something to make him feel better. He asked the nurse for a massage. He fell asleep before the happy ending.
She he just come from a relative's house. She was embarrassed by what she was wearing. Now Lindsay changes out of her fancy clothes before as soon as possible.
She thought she was OK afterwards. But all of a sudden she felt very dizzy. Allie ended up fainting.
However, a bear appeared out of nowhere. It slashed the top of the tent. Rick was stuck in the bathroom for several minutes.
The Smith initially felt very scared about the survey. After a few moments they stopped thinking about it. The Smith's finished the survey, thanked them, and walked away.
One day he got some in a hurry. He didn't realize it was caffeinated. But that is just the way that he liked it.
They all gathered and were happy. They had a great night! Dylan thanked all his friends for coming to his house.
I didn't want to get my hands dirty. One day my friend bought me a pair of gloves to clean with. I cleaned the bathroom without worrying about feeling dirty.
I was put in charge of making the sandwiches. I couldn't pick out what to make. I still can't and it's okay because the picnic was cancelled hours ago.
She decided to go with carpeting that would be easy to clean. Ava knew her new house would be full of natural carpeting. She couldn't wait for the home to be done!
Everyone gave the teacher a hug but her. The audience laughed. Susie felt very embarrassed.
Janet went to the local grocery store. She bought a few bottles of mustard. Janet left the bottles and packets at the counter for her customers to use.
She called off work, and applied some sunscreen. Then she made her way outside. She laid on a pool floatie enjoying the sun.
When Jim got back into his car, he realized the battery died. He tried and tried to start the car. With his last try, he was able to get the car started again.
They never gave in to my desire and just ordered the pizza. For twenty minutes all I could think of was my disgusting meal. When the doorbell rang I sprang to hide in my room.
Annoyed, Sally washed everything by hand in the bathtub. Later, her husband admitted to turning off the water connection. The hose was leaking and he forgot to tell her.
He made the hard decision to leave and go to work. But he could only think about coffee for the rest of the day. During break time, he rushed to the coffee shop and binged.
So the vet didn't give her medicine. Because her cat would refuse to take it. Tina did know what to do.
When he came back to the car's back window was broken. He got scared his accordion was stolen. Mysteriously, another accordion had appeared in his car.
Exercise was difficult to consistently maintain, but Jon persevered by not doing it at all. Eventually he became one of the strongest guild members in World of Warcraft. Jon is proud of his accomplishments and is often congratulated.
When she gave her the dinner, her friend loved it. She thought it was thoughtful. Alicia decided to go into business for it.
She is very outgoing. She sat in the last row. She hopes she won't get asked any questions.
I even asked my friend to teach me how to play it but I still can't. I tried to ask my brother to teach but still I can't play. I decided to quit and find another hobby.
They waited there all day to see the fireworks go off that night. John and Bob packed a picnic and a beach blanket and became very close that day. After the fireworks they went home and smiled at the wonderful day.
After racing around packing at the last minute, my girlfriend and I left for the airport. We spent five relaxing days on pristine beaches with clear water. We were sad to come home but excited to plan our next vacation.
Eventually, the landlord called the police because of an altercation. They had to physically restrain Chris because he tried to resist. Chris was then brought to a mental hospital for treatment.
Tim got dehydrated before he knew it. He called 911 and asked for help. They were able to give him water.
He was rushed to the nearest hospital. He had suffered a severe stroke. We are praying for his recovery.
The vet sent Orly home with treats to give to Dot. Orly dutifully gave Dot her treats every day for a week. After the week was up, Dot was out of treats.
Donald wanted to play classical music. Sharon wanted to play rock and roll. They just couldn't agree with one another.
She bought all the ingredients for pumpkin bread. She followed the recipe perfectly. Her bread turned out great.
Tim agreed. They and his friend played the board game. Tim and his friend had a great time.
The friend thought the flowers were from her ex-boyfriend. But when she read Jane's card she was sure they weren't getting back together. She said nothing about it to Jane.
Lars did not know this and offered to help her learn the ropes. She said no as she was already a skilled server. This brought them further from each other.
But as she wasn't a pushover, she had limits. And she wasn't exploited by most to do their homework. She never had to call in sick to finally be free of all the demands on her.
But after a year of working, he was bored. He traveled around the country free of every obligations. He quit his job and bought a winnebago.
He went in to his cousin's house to take look. His cousin took it down and began to play. The song was so beautiful that Nicholas vowed to take lessons.
Mike refused to get rid of the motorcycle that he loved when Karen said it was dangerous. Then one of Mike's stepkids was killed in a motorcycle accident. Mike did the responsible thing and sold his motorcycle.
Later she wanted another pair, and she decided on a pair of black shoes. She ordered them and when they arrived, they fit perfectly. Stacey was thrilled.
Martha missed the fleas on Penny. Penny needed Martha to give her a flea bath. Now Penny is driven mad by fleas and itching.
I asked my father to open it. He opened the box for me. My father was surprised that there was blank paper in the box.
A customer liked one car they had in the store. But he did not like its color. They said they ordered him a red one but just painted it instead.
When the season started he joined the local team. Like Ramon his teammates did not practice seriously. Despite putting points on the board his team lost the first game.
We voted on whether we should eat now or later. We all had a huge argument over the issue. It got so heated that we decided to cancel the field trip.
They were hot pink with black pola When she wore them she felt great. As soon as she put them on, the soles ripped off and Katie cried.
Kelly took him to the hospital. The next day he passed away. Kelly was overjoyed.
Eventually it ran into another frog. They mated. The frogs had lots of babies.
She looked at and picked up items from the dresser. She opened the drawers and cabinets and peeked inside. There stood the clothes she would never see him wear again.
She brought her basket and credit card. She looked all day but didn't see anything she liked. She packed it up and went home disappointed.
Instead of approaching her, he called her. Although they weren't on good terms, she agreed to go on a date. After the date, they decided that they should just be friends.
He had ordered the perfect parts needed. The mechanic had installed them very well. The mechanic ended up costing her more than the parts.
I declined their invitation because I had work. They thought that I was just lying. Now, they don't invite me to anything.
Her husband feeds him to no avail. He lays her down for a nap. The baby finally stop crying.
They walked on the deck. The waves roared and pounded on the sides of the ship. Shelly could not wait to return to visit the sea.
His mother thought the same thing. They thought it looked good though, but something wasn't right. They decided to enjoy another meal together.
The bottom of the tub was shiny and new. Tim bought some sealant for the tub. He sealed the tub to look like new for a long time.
As she went to pick up the breakfast, she had knocked over some salt on the counter. She scooped up as much as she could. Luckily the restaurant was not angry.
A local news agency offered to do a story on it. Tom declined the story. Tom's business relies on word-of-mouth advertising.
Diana's mom went to wake her up in the morning but she pulled an all-nighter. Diana got excited when she found out that she's about to her exam. She also showed up early since there was no traffic on the road.
In the store she could not remember what her mom asked her to buy. She had to call her mom. She told her to buy butter.
She said little girls don't act the way I did. I told her I only knew how to be me. She hit me hard across the face because I was talking back.
She had short brown hair and brown eyes. Every day she would walk into class and take her seat. All the boys in class would then yell "Erica Miss America."
One day he got into a bad accident. He would've went flying out of the window without his seatbelt. Tim recovered in the hospital shortly after.
Suddenly he became sick and threw up. The wet mess in his bed bothered him. Groggily he cleaned it up and left to read on the couch.
But in trying to locate it she couldn't find it so needing a new one she sent in extra money with her application. She'd paid more for the expedited service. Thankfully, Klea got her passport in time.
Ian ran to the bathroom. He was in the bathroom for almost an hour. Ian vowed not to eat from that taco truck again.
He picked out the ring, went and got a box and wrapped it. Krystal complained that he was insensitive. Marcus told her he loved her more than anything and got down on one knee.
Emily asked her parents if she could stay up a little longer. Her parents agreed. She stayed up watching Disney movies. Emily was unable to wake up in time for breakfast.
After the first game, I invited her to take my spot. I noticed Jim was looking at her legs while she was making a move. I told him he could get into trouble.
Jane used carrots, celery, potatoes, and a whole chicken. Jane added all of the items to a pot and cooked a pot of soup. Jane's family loved the soup.
A car pulled up to the house, and someone ran to the door. As they rang the doorbell, Hunter decided to scare them by jumping out of the bushes. The postman looked very surprised.
He threw up and passed out. His friends had to carry him out. Tom's friend  was embarrassed the next day.
After laps around the pier, they didn't catch any fish. Jake is mad, until he realizes he's there for his dad, not the fish. Jake and his dad hang up the poles, and talk until it's dark.
There was a ton of work to get done there too. I had to really work hard. I ended up staying up a few hours late.
Candace began to wobble. Candace slipped and fell. She never danced in the bathroom again.
Today was her final test. She maneuvered through the parking lots perfectly. At the end of the test, she had earned the driver's license.
He quickly went back to the supermarket and told the cashier about it. But the cashier insisted that she gave him all his bags. Since then, he checks his bags before leaving the supermarket.
John searched around for an hour to find the cause. Finally, John looked outside and gasped. His cat had left a dead squirrel on the porch.
They stretch out crime scene tape around an area. Andrea wondered what had happened! She watched closely as the paramedics took notes.
He realizes it was a big mistake because they trashed his car. Doug arrives at the gas station. He cleaned out the car it until it's new again.
He meets a guitarist at an open mic night. They team up and the guitarist joins the band. They still need a bass player.
Billy then shook up the can and set back on the counter. When Michelle saw that she decided not to open up her soda. The soda would've exploded all over Michelle.
As the technician searched, she gasped in delight. She told Megan she was having twins! Megan was terrified.
Unfortunately he almost drowned. Tom realized he needed a coach. He joined a gym.
She loved ballet and wanted to found a private ballet program. Her audition went kind of horribly though and she surely failed. She was shocked when the next week she was picked for the team.
He kept getting calls from his wife asking if he caught anything. He decided to switch bait for the last hour or so of fishing. Ron ended up catching three fish in one hour which made him happy.
A new neighbor moved in nextdoor named Matt and asked Greg to stop the repairs. Greg told Matt that the repairs needed to be done. Matt got angry and dumped a truck full of manure in Greg's yard.
They were made in the old style from the 1980s. I was 35, but unashamed. I gave them a pair with kittens.
Danny was very excited and went to the amusement park on his birthday. After the amusement park Danny took his girlfriend out to dinner. At the end of the night Danny thought it was the best birthday ever.
Later, at the grocery store, Tom saw a little person for the first time and couldn't contain his emotions. He laughed intensely. The little person was rightfully upset.
On the day of the test, Rosa overslept and nearly missed school. She ran and managed to make it in time to take the test. Miraculously, she got a good grade and achieved her goal!
Her son Jeff introduced her to her own Playstation Four and all its features. He showed her how this one device can do all those things in one. Deb kept her Playstation Four and sold her other devices.
She said no. He asked around and found out she found someone else. Alex became heartbroken
We took an airplane to get there. We bought a lot of comics and met some artists. We were happy coming home.
Krista did not have red lipstick for fake blood. She didn't want to use red nail polish for her lips and to draw lines of blood. She asked to play a different part because she knew it would be hard to remove nail polish.
His desk drawer was stuck. John pulled harder and harder. Finally the drawer opened and John put his pen away.
She needed to see a doctor. A doctor told her she would need an epi pen. Mary did not have money for it.
A classmate noticed her wandering around campus during the break. They talked and he insisted she join him for Christmas dinner. She ate with his family, played board games and had a great holiday.
She also helps at a soup kitchen every week. But despite her best intentions, she doesn't feel good enough. So she decides to go see a psychologist to talk about it.
Good thing because she felt sick. She tried staying in school. Still feeling sick, she missed the rest of her classes.
During the last performance, the strong man challenged Gustav to a contest. Gustav had won the contest of strengths by bending more metal bars. The circus strong man congratulated Gustav.
He played it for sometime after seeking the permission. He then returned to home and asked his mom for buying a guitar. His mom agreed and he was happy playing it.
She tried to sell her poems to some authors but they don't like it. Berly did not quit and what she did is she wrote her poems. Someone saw her and she was hired to write her poems.
We were getting busy and I put one on, she got mad. She is allergic to latex. Now we're looking for viable alternative birth control methods.
I had a dark chocolate pastry and a coffee. My wife had a milk chocolate pastry and tea. We had a great time despite the awful pastries and will visit the bakery again.
When we got to the restaurant I heard my little sister sneeze. When I looked over she had her hands covering her face. When I looked over again, she still had her hands covering her face.
One day, a hurricane wiped his apartment off the map. He had no options now, it was either rent another apartment or get back into movies. Smoke decided not to make a fool of himself, and rented a place.
I walked closed to the tree and looked inside the hole. There were three baby birds inside. Then the mother bird returned and flew right next to me.
She likes to go to bars and sing. Unfortunately she's not very good at singing either. Eventually Polly just stayed home by herself
He packed it in a box carefully to prevent damage. When he got to his new house, he went to assemble it. Nick superglued thought it was as good as new.
Randy's son just wanted to wait for the end. The nurse came to tell him that this was his decision to make. They all were very sad.
Richard rang the doorbell when he arrived. He gave a big hug to his grandfather. Afterwards they had a great time bonding with each other.
One day, Marsha finally went to the animal shelter to pick a hypoallergenic one out. She decided to adopt a big, fluffy Maine Coon cat! Marsha was thrilled to have a new best friend forever.
He had to schedule an appointment with his optometrist for the afternoon. The doctor gave him medication. Martin felt much better.
Sally won the first game. All my friends cheered. The played again.
He no longer complained about bloating and pain to his doctor. The doctor didn't need to give him antibiotics. As a result, David fixed his habit of eating too quickly.
Harold realized that his best friend was the one he really wanted to hang out with Harold spent lunch that day thinking. The next day they made up, as the friend was in the same situation.
But the lady who was getting my food to go wasn't using gloves. I was disgusted. I ended up walking out without the food.
Jack bought a bunch of new toys. His aunt wanted to walk around but he wanted to the rides. On the first ride after the toy store Jack dropped his toys all over his aunt.
The fire was choked of oxygen. As the fire went out, Matt panicked and threw on leaves. The leaves were wet and smoke rose up from the fire.
His friend told him to look after his money better. Charles never saved any money since he had left the college campus. He would go to Las Vegas and loose all his money.
Andy decided he would let his daughter be his handy helper. In addition, Andy would let his daughter help him paint as well. Andy was proud that his daughter wanted to help him paint the door.
The phone was working again I went to buy a waterproof case. A new phone would have cost a lot more money.
Tim hadn't skated in a while but still gave it a try Unfortunately he did fall however. So he picked himself up and decided to stop skating.
Johnny bought a 'do-it-yourself' razor. Johnny's wife used the razor perfectly. Johnny's wife gave him a great looking haircut.
She thought she was playing poorly that night, but she won quite a bit! Her friends grumbled good-naturedly about her false modesty. Kia just smiled, glad they were enjoying themselves.
They went ice skating the next day. Will fell down again and again so he didn't embarrass his girlfriend. Will's girlfriend teased him for weeks after that and he just smiled.
By the next wrestling season Sam had improved tremendously. He could pin everyone at his school. That same year Sam won the wrestling state championships.
He pretended to see a pretty girl and called her Mavis. He asked the girl what her name was and she said Mavis. Jimmy wasn't shocked but thought he had a good imagination.
He was so angry he didn't know what to do. After a brief moment of fear, the person paid him cash for the accident. Joe breathed a sigh of relief as he headed home to see his friends.
After a little while, I lit the candle successfully and then left the room. When I remembered, I panicked because it was dangerous to forget it. Luckily, my house did not burn down.
Tom tried one but thought it tasted gross. He kept drinking not realizing he wouldn't get drunk. Tom was acting drunk within the hour because of the placebo effect.
She also needed help bathing. Sam convinced her to move to an assisted living home. Dot was a lot safer there, and made new friends.
The lettuce was surprisingly stale Tom complained to the worker They apologized and got hm a sandwich instead
Not knowing what to do, she turned it back on and started pressing random buttons. It seemed to work temporarily, which satisfied her. The next day, though, it stopped working entirely.
Peg was in the middle of helping a very rude customer. After several miserable minutes, her computer suddenly shut down. She had never been so grateful for a power outage.
He wanted something foreign looking. He got asian piercings without knowing what they meant. Tom regretted getting a lunch menu piercing when he found out.
Suddenly, her dad told her that she would be getting one in the mail. Samantha was confused, and asked her dad why. Her dad had decided to buy her a new one as a gift.
Dozens of people stood and waited to be given something. May was happily watching the people pick up her things. At the end of the day, May have helped a lot of people from the Army.
He decided to borrow a friend's skateboard. But he ended up breaking his arm. Tony's parents made sure he never skated again.
Near where she piled her old food containers, she saw little white things. The food containers were infested with hundreds of maggots. She put on gloves and threw out the whole pile of trash.
On the way to the grocery store he saw a puppy on the side of the road. He stopped and saw it was a stray dog. He decided to keep this dog and hide it from his parents.
Tom knew he couldn't hang out with him anymore. He slowly stopped going out with him. It greatly helped Tom stop.
Her parents were very worried about her health. They didn't want anything to happen to her. But fortunately the doctors cleared her of any health issues and she was able to join the army.
Donald slammed his hands on the man and screamed, watch out! The man stood tall and told Donald to watch out! Donald punched the man and choked him until he passed out.
Students began to watch how fast he could type and encouraged him to try harder. And eventually, he became one of the fastest typists in his city. Ray was very happy to win a typing competition one day.
As he walked it was sunny. He was glad he brought his sun umbrella. A car drove by and almost hit him.
Stacey went to the doctor, who confirmed her pregnancey and cried tears of joy and immediately called her parents. Her parents were thrilled for her. She then called her boyfriend to tell him the news.
When he swerved to get around the hole, heard a loud pop and had a lot of pain. His foot and ankle swelled almost instantly so he went to the doctor. The doctor determined it was a broken ankle and he could not play.
She moved home to the family farm to help out for a few months to clear her head. However, everything worked out so well that Rita is planning to stay on there. This is the happiest Rita has felt in many years.
The weather said there was zero chance of rain. Jane decided to go. It never rained the rest of the day.
She bought some from the store. She boiled it and put salt and butter all over it. Then she chowed down!
One day, Steven realized that he didn't want to be scared anymore. Steven started to practice being nice with his brother. When Steven saw Kate next, he apologized.
He realized quickly how much more expensive Los Angeles is than  New York. Jeff was forced to get a second job to afford living there. He was surprised at the things he'll do for true love.
Right when he was decorating, his friends snuck up from behind with a balloon. They popped a balloon right by Tom's ear. Tom freaked out and jumped up.
Johnny's father gave him the money to buy a telescope. Johnny went to the store and purchased the telescope. Johnny was now able to view Jupiter through a telescope.
Joe drove Jason to the guy selling the sports car. Jason bought the sports car. Joe ended up catching a ride home in Jason's new car.
Callie and her friends didn't have to place their orders with another waiter. She saw their waiter go behind the bar, putting in their order. Callie didn't forget to leave the waiter a tip.
It ended up landing in the puddle. They get it but it's soaked with mud. Since it ended up in the puddle, they decided to go home and wash it after a few minutes.
Suddenly she remembered she had to make numerous phone calls. It seemed like she would never complete it. She finally gave up and went home.
Jeff's parents told him to behave while they were gone. Jeff broke furniture and shattered plates at his Nana's. Jeff's parents grounded him for year.
She also joined a work-at-home site online to make some extra cash. Kelli really liked working on the site, and did a lot of hits. One morning she woke up to her first rejection and she felt crushed.
The game did not go well for the Panthers. I was happy when Cam Newton did not dive for a fumble. I turned the tv off with satisfaction when the game ended.
Lori went to the pharmacy. She went looking for sore throat remedies. Lori was able to find throat medicine.
Unfortunately it still cost me some lost salary. I therefore wanted to go someplace I would enjoy. So I decided to revisit my favorite childhood sites in my hometown.
Sparky's teacher emailed his dad. Turned out Sparky was failing. Sparky is grounded for a month.
At one point I was on a small two lane road. A car slid on the ice into my lane and we crashed. I was not hurt but the car was totaled.
He tripped over his untied shoe. His glasses fell off his head. His glasses broke on the pavement, not that they'd been doing him much good.
Franklin tumbled and scraped his face against the ice. He got up, all bloodied and bruised. He saw the puck right in front of him, and shot it into the goal.
She had never given way to an ambulance and she needed to get to work. She tried her best to figure out how to give way to the ambulance quickly. Luckily she did it which made her feel very proud as she worked.
Her sister decided to move and so did he. He moved out of their place and came back home to MA. His mom was glad to have him back.
The doctor had seen them immediately. He ran some tests on Lucy. He'd found that it was just a mild case of gas that would resolve itself.
Soon his neighbors came out to see what was up. Todd reluctantly put out the flame on his grill. He decided to go back in.
He stole one, but it died shortly after while Craig was at school. His parents buried it before he got home. Craig never even mentioned it.
He had been successful with weight loss at any point. He had hired a personal trainer and a professional chef. After a year George lost a lot of weight and felt much better.
The other kids were never impressed and started falling asleep. Quincy decided he should have become a teacher. He was much more interested in rocket science.
The cab broke down. She had to get another cab. She was relieved to finally get home!
James stuck his finger inside the socket. When his parents found him they called 911. The shock still proved fatal to James.
He didn't even stop to talk to his wife, Gina. Gina was angry with Will, acting hurt and offended. The next morning Will remembered he forgot their wedding anniversary!
He was hiking and came across a narrow bridge. He wanted to be brave so he crossed the bridge. When he got back home he felt proud of himself.
He asked Christie to marry him. Christie accepted the proposal, even though Nate was ugly. Christie only cared about Nate's employee discount.
She felt very well. She stayed alert at work. Her boss didn't have to call the ambulance.
One of the robbers tried to take his bag. Mike reacted by punching him in the mouth. Mike was able to beat up the robbers and keep his bag.
When he walked outside, a man asked him for his wallet. When Garry refused, the man pulled out a gun and insisted. Garry gave him the wallet and then began to skate away.
He practiced really hard, using a hairbrush as a pretend microphone A video of him was taken by his coach of him doing this. The video went viral and Drake's talent was spotted online
His friends wanted him to go up to one. He said he couldn't talk to anyone because the music was too loud. Tom wasn't able to communicate with girls
They didn't want him to be the designated driver. Tom felt they just wanted to save on a taxi. He declined to pay.
Will sat one day with his daughter and taught her. Will taught her about investing. That day Will's daughter saved thirty dollars she wanted to spend.
Danica's parents would never like him so she tried to run away. She crawled out her window for her secret tryst and met her father. He was furious and told her she would be going to boarding school.
She took a job and once she got money she met Matt at the country club store and he said the gloves were not good. He gave her a different address encouraging her to go there. Cathy tried that new place and was delighted with the prices.
She was excited to see him and they went speeding off down the road in her car. Suddenly a car cut them off and they swerved. They hit a tree, and luckily were okay but they did have injuries.
The day of the festival, she waited in line to see the band. They came up and put on an awesome show. Anna was glad that she got to see them.
All of a sudden they hear their care get sideswiped. The passenger's side was hit. The other driver was okay but ended needing to get a checkup.
I ran inside the house because it started raining. It rained for hours. The sun then came out the next morning and I went out to play.
But when she tried it, the site was tough to navigate. And remembering the of the high cost of the goods made her disappointed. Sarah ended up making French toast.
She assumed it was legitimate and kept her eyes peeled. A nearby salesman handed her a product sample. She felt silly indulging in samples while a child was missing.
I was so excited when I heard. I made my boyfriend watch it with me. I know he likes it too.
He went outside in a raincoat and started dancing. It never stopped raining. Everyone in the neighborhood watched Pat dance on his lawn in joy.
She decided to bring it inside to protect them from birds. She put them in a terrarium with lots of leaves for it to eat. Eventually he metamorphosed into a butterfly!
He forgot about his daily allergy medication because he wasn't feeling his symptoms. One morning he remembered to take a pill, and his allergies were terrible. Will made sure not to take his pill again so he wouldn't face these ironic side effects.
She ate so much sugar free chocolate that she was nearly sick. Every year she feels this way. She vowed to not eat as much chocolate next year.
Whoever saved the most now would get the most money later. George loved money and decided to deposit even more. To his surprise he had 20% growth and he got to buy a house.
She showed him a secret way to avoid suspicion He bought five pounds of weed for seven hundred dollars instead of trading. On the way back he was stopped by police and charged with a crime.
Tom often found it looking happy. He would pet it when he got the chance. Eventually Tom got a dog of his own.
He couldn't find the trashcan and wouldn't throw it on the floor. Martin went back to working. A coworker handed him more paper and told him to dispose of them.
So one of the track girls, Cynthia, challenged Ashley to a 50m race. Cynthia ended up beating Ashley in the race by a full second. Ashley never bragged about her running again.
Mike was furious but was called to testify at trial. Mike's testimony was critical to the outcome of the trial. His ex wife's husband was found acquited on all charges.
While they were in college Kyle proposed and Mary accepted. They got married last summer in a small private ceremony. Now they are expecting their first child!
Rocky's kids agreed to buy him one. They took him to the store. They bought him his very own bike.
Timmy had been living with his grandparents when Anne met him. Anne was a lonely, rich widow looking for someone to love. After some doing, Anne legally adopted Timmy.
She ran to investigate and saw toys everywhere. A moving van had crashed and dumped out a child's toy box. Chloe asked the driver if he was okay.
I could not start eating. I wanted no more. I knew I would never go back.
Theresa decided to move to Belize. Theresa being from Belize made all the arrangements. Theresa and her husband flew to Belize and lived life.
They figured they had time to finish a game. They were wrong. Rain came very quickly and heavy.
Her mother ordered her ice cream and ran home. She ran into the house. Her mother yelled because her feet were dirty.
He never stepped on her toe. She was very happy to dance with him. She never wanted to dance with anyone else.
She made plans for that money. No one told her the government charges you for working. She was shocked to see the taxes and wanted answers when she saw it.
She supported them monetarily during their pledge drive. Igor hoped more than anything to procure a PBS tote bag. She was informed that they had discontinued the tote bag.
They sat in Billy's boat all day long. Both boys caught many more fish. They both went home with plenty of fish.
After college, where he majored in history, he was jobless. But he knew just what he wanted to do, and he applied for a job. He was hired right away - as a museum janitor
He received a phone call for an interview the following week. Kristopher was honest on his resume and was hired immediately. Due to the stress of the new job, he quit two days later.
After being given medication, the elephants were feeling better and the ringmaster's introduction rang throughout the big top. Lucy the elephant sauntered into the tent with Lisa riding her. It had been a long, but wonderfully exciting day.
I didn't think I was ready for healthy eating. I decided to mix the veggies with chicken broth. After that, they tasted even better.
The bag tumbled off the shelf and fell into the floor. Jason picked the bag from the floor. Luckily the bag was still closed.
When Jason got his first job he knew what he wanted to save money for. After Jason had saved enough, he bought tickets to see a Laker game. He was thrilled when he finally got to pay for his own tickets the Lakers.
Anna realized she had forgotten her warm-ups! She had to sit out of the choir. Anna's cheeks burned with embarrassment.
He gathered what little money he did and shopped for a cheap present. Luckily he found one just in time. The bride hated it and had her mother return it.
Dan sat down and tried to concentrate on reading his book. Dan suddenly heard a strange growling sound came from the other car. As doors opened, Dan rushed out as fast as he possibly could.
I ended up having to call a taxi. Then the taxi would not listen to my directions. Mike is going to help me look for my keys tonight.
He went about, annoying everyone about how his teeth were knocked out. To the point where a man became angry with him, and hit him. Now Anthony eats with a straw.
Many of his colleagues thought he was a failure. Until one day he was caught with a dead hooker in his apartment. He represented himself in court, and that was the one case he won.
Everything flooded up to the low spot on the trail. It now appeared to be a small river. Rather than cross it, she went home.
The day of the big college game the team scored 40 points! The team still lost, the score was 70-100. Michael was entertained, that was all that mattered.
He got a cramp. He tried to swim out the pool but the cramp was severe. He waited until the cramp went away and then walked out of the pool.
The first pump didn't work so he moved to another pump and it worked. Tom later found out he was charged at the first pump. He called his bank to get it fixed.
He wanted his own plane. He worked very hard. Eventually he could afford his own plane.
Her mom asked the dentist to give them a sliding scale rate. But as she wasn't sufficiently impoverished, Julie had to pay full price. She came out of the dentist with nice teeth but a light wallet.
Their star quarterback helped them make the playoffs last year. All hopes for this season have been dashed. Both quarterbacks got injured and are out for the season.
This tax was unexpected but she had no other choice than paying for it. Linda then realized she forgot a swimsuit. She was out of money so she couldn't afford one.
Unfortunately he also fell into addiction. Tom was unable to pursue watching UFC He was always upset about it throughout life.
He needed money. Warren ended up selling all of his jewelry for a hefty profit. Warren went home and had steak  for dinner.
One house was only 2 blocks from the inservice class. Her friend also served cheap margaritas at dinner. So the group planned on drinking and then walking to the inservice.
He wanted to get a specific sundae. He got overwhelmed by so many questions. Tim wound up answering wrong and getting a different sundae.
Tim had to reprint everything. He ended up being late for work. His boss yelled at him.
His wish was to accompany Lucy Liu to her next premier. Luckily she agreed and Hugh was able to go with her. Hugh had a great time and then died shortly after.
Right before the trip, my uncle had recently recovered from a bad motorcycle accident. He was said to be mentally unstable. He constantly asked me for petty things and I sadly turned him down.
She did not feel like getting in the laundry but ran out to get it. While bringing in the laundry, she heard something flap in a shirt. Before she knew it, a bat was chasing her back into the house.
Unfortunately his son started fudging the books one too many times. When the men came to audit him he went up to the roof. A plane hit the building before he could jump, awarding him insurance.
So Mary got more and more depressed. She did not want to stay with Mark anymore. They divorced.
One day, it disappeared into thin air. I searched for the controller, but could not find it. My friend finally told me that he took the controller.
She ran circles around the beach blanket. She panted as she ran. Everyone laughed at her antics.
However, her car broke down and she was charged more than $60 by a tow truck. Allie couldn't believe it. She had spent most of her wallet.
She was right the pig grew to be 350 pounds! Marge was a responsible pet owner and loved Maggie. She kept Maggie until she passed away.
They would play for hours. At the end of the day, they were content and tired. They would go rest on the couch all evening.
Then, a girl in front of him turned around and looked at him. Joshua blurted out it wasn't him! The girl looked confused, and said she just wanted to borrow a pen.
Still, the man did this for everyone on the block. He had so many cans he didn't know where to put them all. He had to store most of them all in his shed.
The group was called Country Road I played one of their songs "American Girl" over and over. As I got older I never stopped listening to them.
In an attempt to impress his cooking teacher, he cheated on a test. The teacher was disappointed in Arthur. Arthur was ashamed.
He didn't want to have fun. Instead he turned down the offer. He figured it would be better to watch tv and fall asleep.
The officer looked at him like he was a proud dad. He told Miles that they were going to help end the war. Miles realized he was very good at code breaking.
One of the trees also fell across a power line, making the power go out. Bob's family lit candles and used flashlights to help them see. The next morning, the power company fixed the lines.
Riley noticed a coupon for a pizza place. She pointed it out to Adam. Together, they decided to go there for lunch.
John was so relieved. The nurse made him feel better. She gave John a Lollipop.
It smashed and then landed underneath the bed. His brother smiled and then ran to tell to their mother. He tripped on the way and Theo said it was karma.
She was really sad about it. Months later, Bea ended up having a boy and her friend was still in jail. Her best friend really missed Bea and wanted to meet the boy.
She was at a store she visited every week, and the manager knew her. Since Sally had always been rude, the manager decided to soften her up by giving her a discount. Sally was so appreciative that she then shopped there twice as much.
She wiggled the key around calmly. She heard the tumblers catch and the key turned the lock. She didn't have to call a professional out to deal with it.
Ana was worried, but took her advice and got one. She was scared, because she heard about some exploding on the news. She was able to figure it out though, and her food came out amazing.
Starting a rookie at quarterback, they completely controlled the game. They beat the Giants by a final of 29-10. The rookie threw several touchdowns with no picks and looks good.
The glass broke. Tom tried to clean it all up but missed a piece. He was stuck by it later.
My relatives did not have much money and I soon took menial jobs. My aunt eventually became a registered nurse for a hospital. Me and my brother have visited her at work plenty of times.
She had decided to wear her new favorite outfit. But Brittany can't find the clothes anywhere. Brittany's mom had already laid out her favorite outfit for her.
We got in line for the test. I took the test. I got my driver's license.
His wife did not file for divorce. The lack of bad publicity and sordid details didn't ruin Bob's career. His reputation intact, Bob moved away to try and start over.
Angie was scared, so she called the police. The police came and questioned the neighbor at the door. The neighbor was confused and did not know where he was.
The cops came to talk to her in the hospital. They informed her that her car was totaled. She was really upset because she couldn't afford to fix it.
However, Julie's pick of the motorcycle riders was difficult to find. They almost gave up, when they heard the motorcycle engines revving. Around the next stall they found the riders putting on their show.
None of his other students knew. Wilton became very frustrated at his bad decision making. He decided to come clean to the dean and quit.
After, I went to the store and bought several groceries. I went to the cashier with my items and paid for them. Then I wheeled my cart to my car, unloaded, then went home.
But he was addicted to pornography. He preferred pornography to having actual sex with me. Pornography ruined our relationship.
Jill hired a contractor and the work started. Jill watched as the run down house turned into a palace. Jill was so happy when she rented out the house.
Once, she had Lembit Opik on her show. He talked a lot. Jackie was unable to ask the right questions because of his talking.
She put it in the cupboard and it spoiled. I told all her we sell is burgers. She demanded a full refund because we she spoiled her burger.
His children worried about him. They tried to distract him with stories of the potential future. But Jim couldn't escape the trap of his mind.
I could not see the girl coming toward me. I fell right into her when I fainted. She was okay.
Jan, the head clown, explained all the juggling tips. Soon, Lisa was juggling bowling pins with ease. By the end of the day, Lisa was soaked in sweat.
The baby in the stroller proceeded to fall out of the bottom. The baby was passed seamlessly between 3 people. The baby settled in Chad's lap at the bottom of the stairs.
He didn't shave for weeks. One day his wife looked at him and laughed. Crungle just didn't have facial hair
The volunteer team had barricaded themselves in a home on 62nd and Osage Avenue. Shortly after 6:30 pm, the mayor signed an agreement with the volunteer team. Their house and an entire city block of houses were saved.
After seeing nothing, they decided to wait until the next day to find the storm. They drove around looking for storm clouds the next day. Just when they had given up, a tornado formed 100 yards away from them.
She was almost ready to take pictures when she saw herself. Her mouth was totally red from the candy. All of her pictures from the night ended up looking ridiculous.
One cloudy day, I was walking down the street and it started raining. I was mortified, and then felt very much like going inside. The soft rain hitting my face and body felt depressing and awful.
There was a long line I had to wait in. After an hour I finally got my turn to pay the cashier. I hated it and I will never ever visit again.
Once, he lit his shirt on fire to prove his manliness. He forgot to stop, drop and roll. Subsequently, Adam got 2rd degree burns from his stunt and the girls laughed at him.
Three days later the gift arrived. Will left a positive review on the website. Will's wife loved the gift
Ben sat in front of the school after his meeting. After a few hours, another parent asked been if he needed a ride. He finally made it home during the night time.
She planted more the next day. Soon they were ready to bloom and they were gorgeous. All of her plants were healthy.
The washroom had spiders, and she didn't want to reach back there! The ring was valuable, though, so she knew she might have to do it. Just then, her husband came home, found the ring, and saved the day!
The test proctor tried to help her relax. Jane wasn't able to do well. She failed and didn't get her license.
Before she found her dog she had called her neighbors to see if they had her dog. She felt relief knowing she didn't have to post  posters with a picture of her dog all over town. Three weeks later someone called saying her dog left the yard again.
He noticed spiders webs on the ceiling so he shut his eyes immediately. He was disgusted by the spider webs. Barry had his mom clean the ceiling.
When it was finished, they ate it all hungrily. The next morning, though, Tom was sick from food poisoning. Indian food was ruined for him forever after.
She decided to buy lots of ingredients and supplies to make reliable chocolate chip cookies. Layla brought her cookies to the farmer's market to sell. Everyone loved the cookies, and that was the start of her business.
Whoever had the least amount of corrections at the end of the week won. All the women cleaned to their best ability that week. Because Pam had worked the hardest, she won the contest.
Tom had planned a picnic. He was going to set it up on a hill at night. His girlfriend would've been impressed with his efforts.
She looked for some tissue. There was none in the stall. And she was all alone in the bathroom.
Trisha made up a story about how she was dating a boy in her class. Trisha then told her parents she and her boyfriend broke up. Trisha successfully lied to her parents to get attention.
He looked out at the building across from him. A tree branch crashed into one of its windows. Tom was startled but relieved it wasn't his window.
I played a bunch of tennis as an adult. When I played Ping Pong again, I played like it was tennis. I was a lot better.
They got wet and warm. They came home. Their mom made them sweet tea.
I myself couldn't resist sticking up for the girl, even at the expense of my friend. The jerk resented me for getting him in trouble, but I didn't mind. He was escorted off campus to his car, yelling and screaming.
But one day I decided to tree climb. I climbed up the tallest tree in the neighborhood. I grabbed for a branch that wasn't there and fell two stories!
So she was nervous. But fortunately she had a lot of fun. Suzy danced a lot and told everyone at the club to dance too.
Celia was the cafeteria manager. Celia decided to serve her kids a bagged lunch. Her kids were given their lunches and ate outside.
Until he found someone who would make him famous. He signed a million dollar music contract. He ended up being very happy.
Neighbors contacted the police. They traced the neighbors' location and arrested the thief. Then Kia, relieved, got her car back!
She searched everywhere for a duplicate photo with no luck. She began to grow upset as the photo meant a lot to her. Luckily she found out her toddler had found it and had it.
She never wanted jury duty. However, the case she got was compelling. Sue spent all day at courthouse being interested.
But then he remembered he had low blood pressure. He made sure to take extra medication to help him. He felt slightly better after that.
However, one weekend she attends a party where only steak is served. She loves the steak that she eats even if she gets hives. Maya decides that she should never have lived without steak.
Nero loved and was prepared for his test. Nero enjoyed every minute of it. Nero came in first place, pleasing his owner Ben.
She decided to take a walk. Thankfully it went away. She was able to carry on.
He wasn't sure what he was going to do. He went on several interviews for other jobs. He finally found his dream job.
He pulled a skateboard from his garage. Then he set it on the ground and rode it. He slipped and it disappeared under a car and Tommy was astonished.
I had never tasted curry until I came to visit two months ago. I was able to try her special curry. I really do love curry though, but I miss sushi.
She turned on her air conditioning. She made it extremely cold in the house. After an hour, Claudia was tired of the cold.
After the concert she told Martin, she did not like it. He asked her who is her favorite artist. She said Kenny G.
She's been in a cult for the past five years and they never told me. I asked my mom why they let my sister join a cult. She told me she thought it would be good for her.
One day, Lulu slept through her alarm. If she didn't wake up she would miss her train. Her bird friends didn't like her, and let her sleep in.
She got the ingredients from a store. She cooked it and served it to Carl in a romantic setting. Carl knew she learned to cook pasta just for him and he enjoyed the meal.
Suddenly, the big dog got excited. He jumped right into the John's cup of coffee. Coffee ended up on the floor.
After driving to another store she returned home and got to work. Katie spent the next few hours making her pie. Her family loved the homemade apple pie!
Distracted by the sound Leticia didn't realize she dropped her wedding ring and the vacuum sucked it up. Leticia tried to pry open the vacuum to retrieve it. She accidentally turned it on and it sucked up her hand.
She wanted to continue participating but felt terribly sick. Luckily her teacher had brought sick band remedies. She wore the bracelet and felt mostly better.
A friend kept asking to play his own music. Tim kept telling him no and getting annoyed. Eventually Tim let his friend play their list.
Cindy asked her mom if she wanted her to buy her a candy bar. Cindy's mom said no thank you, because it was not healthy. Cindy decided to buy herself the candy bar and put it into her pocket.
Laura was distracted by the song and cut her gums. She started to bleed quite a lot. She rinsed her mouth out with water.
Nolan took a shower and went to sit on the sofa. Then he saw a scary shadow. He turned on the light, but it was just the lamp.
John met the deadline. As a result his presentation was complete. John was rewarded with a promotion.
When the teacher gave him his test, he knew the answers. So when the alarm bell rang, he was relieved. He went out with the other students knowing he would pass.
Will burned the couple so hard. Finally, Will presented the ring during the ceremony. Will received an angry letter with a gift box that contained coal from his newly married pal.
She went to a car dealership. She got her new car. She absolutely loved it.
Janie realized she forgot her checkbook at home. Janie drove back home to get the checkbook. She returned to the bank to make the payment.
She went to the store to buy a sign. The sign said to beware of poison oak. The other kids appreciated the warning and no longer passed through her yard.
While pedaling over a bridge a car veered toward him. Drenched in sweat and tired, he pedaled furiously to avoid the car. Ryan dodged, stopped, and yelled an expletive at the car as it passed.
It made her laugh til she cried. Becka was embarrassed when her makeup ran all over her face. She swore she wouldn't see funny movies in the theater anymore.
However, Andy had heard too many horror stories about riding planes. Andy decided he would drive instead, as he felt safer. Andy knew he made the right decision by driving instead.
His friends pressured him into it. Tim wound up doing a larger dose than he should. He threw up and had to be taken to the hospital.
He picked out a song. He practiced very hard. His family came to watch his audition.
I didn't grab a stool nearby. I was able to reach the pan. I didn't have to put the stool away.
Miranda was accepted into college. She studied very hard to maintain her scholarship. Miranda is a dentist now.
A teacher told him to play some scales. Don really was not able to. After she loaned him one they played some duets with teacher.
He took the chili out of the freezer and put it on the stove. It took 20 minutes to reheat. The chili still tasted amazing and was so good!
They were upset to see other. They could not wait to get away from each other and see their team play. Unfortunately, they argued and almost got in a fight.
Tim was secure in his seat in one of them. The seat belt was secure. The family was relieved.
He was sitting in the other room. He heard a loud crash His dog had run in and tipped the vase onto the floor
One day, a tsunami struck the coastal village of where Kenichi was going to visit. Kenichi cried because so many had died and he could have been one of them. Every day on the 5th of May that village celebrates the people who died.
So they didn't reach out to the local adoption agency. Susie would have found out she had to wait to adopt. They would have said she had to wait another ten months.
He counted the number of pictures and it was over 200. He said he would keep it simple and call it 200 Pictures. The publisher liked the radical title and published it.
Smoalbal had a heart attack during last week's race He started his engine and waited for the starting signal to come. When it came took off.
when they broke up Tom told her he had a question for her. She knew what he was going to ask. She turned Tom down gently before he could ask.
Finally, she had proof that she had accomplished something. She rushed home to show her dad. He snorted and said it didn't mean she was intelligent.
Relaxing, she was glad she could take her time. Soon she saw a truck that had missed its ferry. She felt bad that the trucker had to wait so long to cross the fjord but they conversed and became friends.
He decided to fight it. Going through it was really tough. Tim kept fighting regardless.
Linda said she would come, but did not show. Linda later texted saying she had gone out drinking the day before. She did not get up until the party was over.
After learning about the place they were allowed to hike. Tim found several nice rocks. He kept them for a long time.
Dan went into the yard to get his spare key. When he went back to the door it was snowing! Dan's bare legs were freezing!
He tried to ignore them, but they were so extroverted. They always walked around with a shirt off, so Abe decided to move. He found a new apartment, but there too someone was ugly.
They picked out a nativity scene instead from the store. They displayed it out in the front yard. When they plugged it in, it illuminated the the whole lawn.
I had a trip scheduled for next week. I wouldn't have had a great time during my visit to Florida. I am not going to plan another trip in the future to Florida.
She added the eggs into the baking pan. She opened the oven. She accidentally dropped the whole pan on the floor.
When it stopped they headed to the park. Camden decided to play on the seesaw. Sentence 4: He and his brother got going very fast. Camden fell off and split his head open.
But on the way to the basement he met a beautiful woman. He spent the afternoon talking about electronic music with her. His missed his basement show, but got a wife in return, definitely worth.
She looked up and saw her substitute teacher handing out a pop quiz! Kis didn't worry - she only smiled to herself. She knew history was her best subject!
Nate really wanted to win the race. He pushed handfuls of marshmallows into his mouth. Nate got marshmallow stuck on his face.
Throughout the day, the weather got worse and worse. A tornado warning was issued for her neighborhood. After it was over, Peggy found her cat outside dead.
Because I would always start tripping and falling. It was hard to balance. I never got the hang of it.
I went outside to grab my newspaper. When I came back, I saw that my cat had knocked the cup over. Luckily there was no coffee in it so stain the carpet.
She was happy to pay him for the portrait. She took it home and displayed it proudly in her living room. Arthur continued to generate more and more interested clients.
Hitting the ball was harder than usual. I struck out three times. It was still fun.
When he finished, she lowered the bird bath into the hole. The hole was exactly the size it needed to be. Sam just let it rest in place and called it a day.
After a few weeks she got to see the wigs that were made with her hair. Jenna felt really good about donating her hair. She vowed to do it again.
I came home after nightfall, and the next morning I woke up to go to school. I couldn't find my homework that I had finished. I found out that my dog ate my homework.
In an attempt to narrow it down she took her dog for a walk in the park. As she strolled she could feel her mind clear and relax. Upon returning home she was able to complete her paper in record time.
But when they were about to sleep they saw a bear. Fred tried hard to not freak out. But thankfully the bear went away soon.
They came and visited her often. She listened to their stories. They were her reason for living.
He went searching longer until he found one cheap enough and ordered it online When the phone came in, it was broken. Jack was extremely disappointed.
Later when she was editing the photos she noticed that some were gone. Somehow they had ended up being sent to the local paper! She called the paper and was able to get the nature photos back.
He started training. He got with a whole new camp. It made a huge difference and Tom started making money.
They decided to make teams. They played for over an hour. When they were finished, they were exhausted!
She loved the painting and loved how big it was. The decoration was great and she put a lot of love into the apartment. She realized she moved into the apartment of her dreams.
When Jerry got closer, he saw that the turtle had left behind some plastic! The turtle had quickly pulled itself free and gotten back in the water. The turtle had saved itself!
Kate messed up the dates. None of her daughter's arrangements came out right. Her daughter felt really let down.
He sat at home and tried to watch every fight. Most of them were pretty boring. The main event was boring and disappointing as well.
Barb is too depressed for new hobbies or activities right now. On Friday nights, she just want to drink until passing out. She has lost the will to live and feels terrible.
She couldn't choose which tricks she wanted to do. Soon the day of the show arrived and she was forced to decide. She ended up doing all three tricks and winning.
There was also a baby deer. Tom wanted to get a picture with it. Unfortunately the deer ran off.
And then he went down the cyclists to get one. But they didn't have one big enough for him. And so he settled for a bike.
Will watched a debate where the two candidates sparred. Will decided he liked one candidate's answers over the other's. Will cast his vote for that candidate.
People seemed to disagree! Because within an hour, they sold 20 lemonades. They were $5 richer than when they got up that morning so the people were confused as to why they closed down.
He decided to go back after retirement, and then after graduation he wanted to travel. He graduated and then purchased an RV and traveled all across the country. His next trip will be to go to Europe.
However, I came up with candy as a reward and it worked well. The process took a lot of time. I was very proud of his progress.
When her grandmother received the present, she was confused. Meredith had to explain what the book was, and show her how it opened. Her grandma was glad Meredith thought of her, but had only ever used a Kindle.
Dan used another system to look up the application's hotkeys. He found a cheat sheet for selecting tracks and volume. Dan was able to continue viewing his videos with or without a mouse.
John was more interested in biology. At the end of his senior year, he went to college for biology. His father was proud of him.
It was for a new chip flavor. Zoey remembered how she was always coming up with flavor ideas. She tried a new bag and it ended up becoming one of her favorites.
She dressed to impress and did her hair. At 7 PM, everyone started arriving. The girl arrived with her girlfriend!
The group had a talk with member Willie D, stop being flamboyant or leave. Willie D tried to stop showboating but he still won over their audience. Therefore, rapper Big Mike superseded Willie D on two albums.
He went around the street calling his friends out to play. Eventually, Harry had gathered forty people. They had an extremely fun time building a snowman!
But his shirts do so Tammy starts sewing them up. She runs out of sewing material before finishing. She finds more sewing material under her chair.
He made her move her desk next to his. He wanted to keep a closer eye on her. She was still a well behaved student.
Her mother tried to make her smile with the cake. But Aryah was deep set into not enjoying herself anymore. As she sulked in her corner everyone ate cake and wondered why she was upset.
But he got a scholarship to state college for his grades. At the new university he played well until the final game. He broke his leg and ruined his future career.
No one wanted to pay attention to Oliver, as they were busy with the toys. He looked at his parents and said "mom, dad". Being his first word, his parents freaked out and celebrated.
There were no cars to collide with Derek's car. He wasn't dizzy, so he was able to get through the intersection in his car. He managed to drive on and didn't need to call the cops for support.
Staying home sucked because it was so hot! I watched the other kids swim around and play from my balcony. They all looked so tired after swimming in the pool though.
She broke curfew. Julie was caught by her parents sneaking back into her room. Julie is now grounded for a month.
He woke up from his deep sound sleep. He immediately jumped up and put on his clothes. After getting dressed, he reset his alarm clock.
His next opponent, however, landed punches and kicks that made Jason fall. Jason lost the match in the third round but had an excuse. He said he had sex last night and was enervated.
She was so lost in thought last week that she broke her paintbrush. She had to buy a new one. Now she takes better care of it but is still thoughtful.
He asked a favorite professor what he should do. He was optimistic that the professor would help. He found out he should try to apply anyway.
Tom was excited to meet them. Unfortunately he found all the coffee to be disgusting. Tom kept it to himself and had a good time regardless.
I was called to teach for someone whose appendix burst once. I had to rush to the school to teach for her that day. The teacher didnt even thank me for it.
I decided to order them from Amazon because they were still cheaper there. They shipped very fast. As soon as I took them out of the box, I was in love.
I couldn't figure out why he was scared of Michael. Finally, he revealed that he wasn't scared of Michael. It was the evil laugh at the end of Thriller that scared him!
The day after in class the Professor gave us a pop quiz. I was worried I would not pass since I was not prepared. The pop quiz was really easy and I got an A.
Tom didn't realize it was stale. He drank a handful without knowing. Tom wound up crying and having to drink a lot of water.
They started to talk to avoid each other. Afterwards, he realized that she is not that innocent. He also mentioned to me a moment when she saw hee with different guys.
Her classmate arrived late and tried to sneak into the lecture hall. As soon as she sat down, her belly made the loudest grumble. Her attempt to sneak into the class had failed at that point.
Her mom had only booked the photographer for one day though. Maisie gleefully tried to hold still for a few more pictures. Luckily they managed to get one perfect one.
Instead, she looked up five recipes and finally decided to try making meat loaf. Asha rushed to the store to get the ingredients before he got off. At the store she forgot some ingredients but successfully made dinner.
He decided to make the most out of the cruise. Tim spent the entire cruise having fun with his friends. He decided to go on a cruise again next year.
There was a massive power outage. After a few hours, he finally got back online. Luckily, the game was not compromised and he was able to play it.
They broke up a few weeks after that. Don asked Andrea to return the necklace. She did not want to see Don, so she put the necklace in his mailbox.
My landlord stated I had to pay for the window I had broke and to pay for it as soon as I can. I told him it would be when my tax check came. He told me that was fine.
She wasn't paying attention. Pete decided not to keep singing anyway. His daughter finally fell sleep.
It was pink, orange, or purple, and was measured into a small cup. Sarah's sister drank hers straight from a glass bottle like hers. Sarah remembered this medicine, what it did, and never drank a drop.
They were all constrictors. Once, his largest snake got loose in the house. I woke up with it next to me in bed.
Tom had forgot his laptop on the plane. He had to deal with the airline. Tom got his laptop the next day.
I could not tell her how to do it, as I was not familiar with her type of wall. I had to go to youtube to get lessons. I called her today but her daughter had finished the job.
She also took a hot bath. Finally, she dried off and turned on the television. The infomercial did the finishing blow, putting her to sleep immediately!
Tom tried to sneak away. The cat hissed. Tom decided to just leave it food.
To her, a nice jog was long overdue. She started out slowly. She didn't want to ever get fat.
With eyes on 5th street I lumbered out of an alley. That's when I saw a black cat cross my path. The day was done, I called my friend and told him I won't be coming.
One day we saw a homeless man living in an alley. He did not bother us so we left him alone. Later the police came and moved him to a shelter.
He did learn how to play the cello and he had a big recital. Tim did great. He eventually got a scholarship for his skills.
He ditched school early to go to the mall. Shane's parents got a call from the school. They knew he hadn't attended. Shane was grounded by his parents.
One day a gopher bit Cooper's finger. Cooper's mother put a bandage on the bite. Cooper's finger healed.
He was blocked from many different teams. Sadly, Artourzy choked every second he could, and lost every opportunity. Artourzy never recovered from being a choker, and quit DoTA.
The bacon started to fry. However, it wasn't combined with butter and it got stuck on the pan. Jenny had to scrape it off with a fork.
John used a sensitive device that could detect radio waves. He found plastic devices gave off a certain frequency as they decayed. John published his research in an esteemed science journal.
The woman picked it up for her granddaughter. She rushed it over right away. The little girl squealed with excitement over the funny binky.
Fran's boss encouraged her to apply for a management position. Fran followed her boss's advice. Frank became an excellent manager.
One friend suggested I keep the water in a cooler also. I bought a cooler that held in the coolness. After that, my water was always cold when I brought it to the park.
Two birds attacked him but he swatted them off and kept going. He only had some scratches. It was like a scene from the Birds.
She wasn't sure it would fit but she gave it a try. She wore it to bed and felt very beautiful. Kia decided the gift was wonderful!
Afterwards, they decided to meet in person. It was love at first sight for both of them. They finally married a year later.
I always failed my tests. I decided to read a lot of books that I enjoyed. After that I was good at spelling.
When he woke, he hopped in his car, thinking he would be okay to drive. John failed to stop at a red light, causing him to crash. Everyone in the accident was okay, but John ended up going to jail.
Catherine was going through a divorce. She had tried to move to NH with her new boyfriend. Catherine decided this relationship was not for her, however.
She drove fast and aggressively. Jane was more scared than impressed. She turned down a second date.
He spent an entire day filling out job applications. Weeks later he got his first job offer. He had been offered a job at his top choice!
After working it out the visited a theme park. They approached a roller coaster. They had fun riding the roller coaster together.
I bent over to pick up a stick and felt something hit me in the back. I lost my balance and knocked my head against the wall. Afterwards, I woke up in a hospital bed with a nasty concussion.
He needed to take his mind off the storm. He played video games to busy himself. He had so much fun he forgot about the storm.
She grabbed the glue gun. She cut some felt she had in the shape of two ears. She glued them on to make a set of mouse ears.
One day she asked her best friend Tom to tutor her. She earned all A's. She got better grades than Tom and tutored him the next year.
I dropped my water bottle on the ground It bounced I was glad I got one made of plastic
Through the window he saw a shadowy figure near the sink. James acted quickly and called the caps. The light turned on, and he saw his wife in the kitchen.
He got injured on the frontline and was honorably discharged. When he came back to civilian life, he was very relieved. Years later, he now helps war veterans get back into civilian life.
But it was his girlfriend's birthday and he wanted to get something good this time. He asked all her friends and family for help. They were able to guide him toward the best choice.
One day she decides to cut her hair very short after a friend recommends it. All of her friends compliment her on her new short hair look. Vivian is happy she had the courage to cut her hair short.
I completely blanked when I got to the test. The information never came back to me. I completed the test and found out I got a low score.
He laid his plate on the table. When he came back, it was gone. Mark's dog had taken his plate.
She looked over the choices, and realized today was even better. She found something she could do. She worked on it for hours.
It was deeper than expected. Tom struggled to get out. They decided to not try jumping in again.
He was informed he had migraines. He said it was impossible because he was too young. The doctor shrugged and said "not anymore".
The whole community reached out with support and empathy. Aveline basked in the glow of their compassion. She kept playing the healthy person for more attention.
So she bought a box to do it. But it turned out too bright. She had to go to a salon to fix it.
Gina had been watching shows all day. Gina and Matt watched the Sci-Fi channel together. They stayed inside all day.
My family loves trying new things too. I usually stick to what they want. I was happy when they all liked it.
James agreed and they went to the basketball court. James dunked the basket on the first try. Matt was proud of James for doing his best.
The seamstress perfectly made the order. The seamstress was a great sewer. She had made everyone's dresses well in a small amount of time.
She spent a whole Saturday planting the flowers. She watered them regularly and was very patient. A few weeks later she still had beautiful flowers.
Jan agreed to do this. When they put up Jan's painting, lots of people complimented it. She felt very proud of herself because of this.
Three of her friends had agreed to come. There was a snow storm. So she would have had to cancel anyway.
Afterwards, Hannah took out her hair styling tools. She was trying to curl her own head too. They spent most of the night doing make up.
Amanda was in hurry so she ran back home. When she got home her mom had already unplugged her phone. Amanda headed back to the park, this time with her phone.
He ended up crashing a party. In there he met a girl who he liked. They became boyfriend and girlfriend.
He didn't know if he should accept it. The title was In the beginning, or Once Upon a Time. He decided to accept the offer.
He had bounced it too hard and it went way down the road. He chased it down the street but was unable to find it. He went back home and decided to play tetherball instead.
She practiced knitting a shirt for weeks. Sarah finally succeeded. She was able to make the shirt she wanted.
An ultrasound tech took lots of scans of Jenn's baby. After studying the scan, she determined the baby was a boy. Now, Jenn can finally start wondering about names!
The next store finally had milk, and when I got home, everyone started drinking it. I didn't have enough left for cereal. I had to go back to buy more.
He put all of his things in his locker. He introduced himself to the girl with the locker next to him. They became new friends.
One day he grabbed it by mistake, instead of a pencil. Without thinking, he used it on a multiple choice test. But the machine that graded it marked every answer as wrong.
The cashier told her the cost. Maddie dug through her wallet, but she didn't have enough money. Unfortunately, she wasn't able to get ice cream.
But she wanted to be sure so she also called her doctor. The doctor told her it was normal for pregnancy. Susie was happy and decided it was time to tell her parents.
He accidentally locked the door on the way out of his car. Tom was locked out of his apartment and car. It took him minutes to get back in since he had to call a locksmith.
Sonya decided to join the video game club at her school. Everyyone there was also a game geek. Sonya was happy to connect with people like her.
Tom called to complain. When it got there, Tom hadn't yet arrived home, and the driver left with the pizza. Tom never ordered from there again.
He stayed with friends during the work. He paid a supervisor to watch the construction. It was expensive but Tom's project was finished without effort.
Unfortunately the person in front of me had got the last ones. They offered to share their tacos. The tacos were amazing.
Lori took the mail from the incorrect address. The woman at that address was rude to Lori. Lori decided that she did not want to be friends with this woman.
Mary came for her first lesson. She wanted to play her favorite song. The teacher told her she is not ready for this difficult piece yet.
He told Ellen to jump to shore. Ellen didn't jump far enough. Ellen fell into the water.
She decided to get tulip flowers for everyone and hide bees in them. She thought this was a funny way for people to remember them. And tulips are the national flower of Holland.
He wished he had a girl while over there to take on a date. He would haven taken her to Mcdonald's and to a movie. He would fall madly in love but would have to leave to California, you know, like in the movies.
As she grew older and her memory waned, she decided to write them down. Eventually she had enough to form a novel. Now she writes every day and gets paid for it.
She called to see where they were. The person said that when they hit the other car, they all popped out. They promised to make it up to her and give her another show once they all recovered.
He decided to take a look around the property. He noticed thousands of bugs crawling outside the house. Daniel was thankful he noticed before signing all the legal papers.
I always used fertilizer stakes and the tree grew strong. An arborist told me it was a beautiful tree. He told me that I was very lucky to have such an impressive specimen.
When he finally looked around, Tommy saw his class was gone. Tommy panicked, realizing he was lost. Then Tommy caught sight of one of his classmates still looking at the colorful birds.
This is my legal job in the city now, but before I was doing it illegally and a sting operation was set up for me. They made me get out of my car and sit on the ground. The real police never came, but I couldn't afford to get the car.
He was sad because he wanted to see all his favorite animals. The monkeys were his absolute favorite. He would have spent hours looking at them.
Naomi suggested they talk somewhere else. Charles told him to stop and the friend said no. Charles to his girlfriend he was so worried, she said, that's angst!
Jared asked her to the prom and she said yes. Jared bought the tickets and rented a tux just for the occasion. They rented a limo and had the best night of their lives.
He was picked last. However, Tim had powerful legs. Everyone realized how great Tim was when he kicked 5 home runs.
Todd gave his PIN number to anyone who asked. One day, Todd tried to use an ATM, but his account was empty. Todd regretted not being more careful.
He was so happy he could eat while he healed. After a month his jaw was finally healed. Tony hadn't lost a single pound because of the broken jaw.
The plane made a stop so the family quickly got snacks for the airport. While getting back on the plane, they realized they forgot the young boy. A few minutes later, the parents noticed and asked the pilot to fly back to reclaim the child.
He got close to the spider before it hopped away. George grabbed a ladder and got right up on the spider. The spider leapt onto his hand causing him to fall off the ladder.
Before long the vet suggested she take the cat home. Jennifer happily agreed. She happily said goodbye to the vet and took her cat home.
Harry was so ecstatic he vowed to do it tonight. He worked hared  on his report. The next day he gave an awesome oral report.
Will re-entered the living room to see his daughter coloring. Will spoke lovingly to his little daughter. Now Will always drops in on his daughter to catch her being herself.
Jessica was forced to chase him and fight for the dress. In the chaos one of her nails broke. Jessica was so mad but no one else noticed so it was okay.
On July 1st, Jim took his own life, certain he'd never be happy again. It was a nightmare for both of them right up until Jim made his decision. Tina moved herself to a secluded ranch and avoided people for the rest of her life.
He looked forward to taking the test and thought for sure he would pass. As the day progressed on he was so relaxed. When the test came, he remembered all the important formulas due to being calm.
Then she stopped wearing makeup. Kurt didn't think she was pretty anymore. Kurt left his wife because he was a horrible husband.
He offered him a reward. Bill cleaned the house and wondered what the reward was. When he was done his father gave him a high five.
His harness had also broken. All his work buddies were trying to get to him. All of a sudden he lost his grip and fell.
Before Mike set anything up the police showed up. The police arrested Mike's neighbor. Mike's neighbor was trying to sell stolen goods.
The braids were tight, and they hurt. When finished Amy liked her hair very much. Her cat told her to be careful so the braids would last.
One day the vet came over and looked at the hen. The vet realized the hen was stressed by a move to a bigger house. Jamie's vet told her when the hen is settled in she'll lay again.
So she saved up, and this summer she took private lessons with a professional. She also practiced every night by herself on her neighbor's piano. Now Leslie can play the piano beautifully!
Faya ran into the lake, her friends close behind her. They splashed around, then threw the hamburgers away. Everyone was having a good time.
Zach normally bet a lot of money because he was sure they were going to win. Instead, Zach's team lost the game. He was happy that he wasn't out a lot of money.
This food surgery saved a young girl's life. Her family thanked the doctor with a check. The check was for so much, Podnle Oddnle quit being a doctor.
Marnie tensed up when she watched clowns in a car on TV. When the clowns started getting out of the car, Marnie cried. Marnie had a secret phobia of clowns.
Joe felt lonely but was in a safe place. He decided to study hard and become a respected professional. Joe became a successful lawyer.
I was removing the emails one at a time. I figured out how to use a filter to mass dump the emails, but I didn't need it. I am glad I have space now.
Alas, it became very cold as the day progressed. On the walk home I was very cold and shivering! I learned that I should take a heavier coat to school during the winter.
Lynn and one boy sat on the swings talking. Kim and the other were on the see saw. Amy and the last boy sat on the grass.
The vet cleaned the dog's fur while Ralph waited. Ralph was glad that the vet could take care of his dog. Ralph decided to take his dog to the vet regularly.
To placate the morons, the rest of society indulged their fantasies. They went around harassing people to encourage motivation. Unfortunately, this led to several murders per week nationwide.
He attempted to do that one day. During lunch, his teeth started hurting after biting into a ice cream cone. Danny was not looking forward to that next trip to the dentist.
After eating the donut, Mister Glick felt a pain in his chest. He was having a heart attack. While in the ambulance, Mister Glick grabbed another donut to eat.
This made Tom like dinner. His mother covered the liver in ketchup. After that Tom loved eating liver.
I decided to run the boston marathon. I trained and dieted for nine months. Eventually, I ran the marathon and I had lost lots of weight.
She was not going to grate any cheese into her vegan omelette She takes one bite, and her omelette is delicious. Juanita is very happy with the omelette she has cooked.
Simon told him that peaches were too sweet for some dishes. Del agreed and learned that the hard way. Del admitted defeat.
She searched all over her apartment for it. The last place she looked was behind the couch. Somehow the batteries had ended up there.
Her other friend, Kate, said cheerleaders were stupid. However, Becky believed that cheerleading was a very athletic and fun sport. Becky decided to ignore her one downbeat friend!
So he also left, he gathered up the supplies and went fishing. He thought a lot about his wife while fishing. When he came back home he brought his wife flowers and apologized.
Today though, something came over him. He was inspired to bore himself via his own actions. He made a blank slate of his room and was never busy again.
He would be going back to his country China. He packed all his things and some presents. He took an airplane and arrived 18 hours later.
Unfortunately the bus wasn't running at that hour. Yasmine did her best to wait. As soon as possible she called a cab and made it to the hospital.
When the credit report came back, he was cautious. He didn't know his credit score, so he opened it nervously. But then Ben saw that his credit score - was excellent!
But Gina was ready for that scenario so she begged for him to ask the questions. He did, and she answered his questions expertly, and professionally. She was pleased the interview was going so well.
The customer turned to Chad and condemned him for his service. Chad was happy he could upset the customer get them to leave. However, Chad was more pleased by his angry reaction.
One day he sees an ad recruiting new county sheriffs. Tyler successfully applies to become a deputy. He is happy that he finally has a job close to home.
Girls were let in if they had money or a gift for Chris Brown. Anika was asked what did she have for Chris Brown. She said her smile and was let in to meet him.
He goes to the store and looks for a good one. Finally he chooses a delicious cake for his sister. Francisco is so happy he was ready for his sister's birthday.
I could, because we weren't able to save him. In all the excitement, I must have lost control of his breathing. No one had noticed I had lost him, but I did care.
A second guy said he once caught 100 pound Trout. Jason felt a tug on his line so he pulled hard. The fish pulled back so hard Jason fell overboard.
It turned out he'd just moved into the house next door to Kim. Kim agreed to walk home with him every day. The new neighbor boy soon became her very best friend!
Stu immediately regretted his action. Stu found and purchased many bird plushies online. When he gave them to his sister, she forgot about the penguin completely.
The pigs stayed inside it to Gary's delight. Determined, Gary bought a book on sheep breeding. Pretty soon Gary was a big player in the wool business too.
It broke but Jan was determined to open the can on her own. She took a knife and carefully used it to pry the lid off. Jan was very proud of her industrious maneuver!
In order to make his family happy, he planned to the trip. The beach had soft sand and it was a lovely day. Phil grudgingly admitted that he had a very nice day.
Becca woke up again and threw up a lot. She took a pregnancy test. Becca beamed with joy seeing a yes on her pregnancy test.
He put his headphones in and turned his music on. The Uber drove at a brisk pace while Adam was listening to the music. He made it to the store quickly.
By the time she left, the parking lot was pretty full. It was welcoming and well lit. Tia had to ask the security guard to walk her to her car anyway.
Sue worked hard because Olli wins everything. On election day the votes weren't even close. Sue lost the election.
Ryan starts eating meat and doesnt jog. After 6 months he starts to gain more weight. Ryan is happy that he has finally started to become fatter.
Time was running out. Ollie wanted to find one more egg. Luckily, he found one in the knick of time.
Unfortunately, he had no money after paying his electric bill. He called his friend that he owed $20 and explained that he would be a few days late paying him back. Luckily they were okay with it.
I was startled by how quickly the weather improved. This made me think about forces greater than myself. That night I began reading the Bible.
Sam was cautious and drove safely. He was in a bad accident when a car didn't stop at a stop sign. The car was totaled and Sam almost died.
He files for financial aid but didn't get paid very much. Derrick was unable to pay his rent so he got evicted. He moved in with his mom so that he could get his life on track.
It was running smoothly and safe to drive. I sold the car to a friend. The money was almost enough to buy another car.
He did no after-school activities. He did the bare minimum on his application. No colleges accepted him.
The company had recently gone bankrupt and the shares were worthless. When Marvel made a comeback the stock shot through the roof. Dan regretted selling the shares and missed out on millions of dollars.
He was happy he didn't have to call an exterminator. He took care of the problem by himself. Charles was relieved he was able to save money.
Tommy didn't want to play some racing games. Tommy only liked rhythm games. He didn't think he could change their opinion of arcades.
Zack stops and moves into the grass. The bicyclist rides by Zack and waves. Zack begins riding again.
His dad bought him medicines to take. Stan instantly felt better the next morning. They finally went to the amusement park.
Carly had to close her eyes to keep from crying. Then, her mom put a gift in her hands. Carly opened her eyes and was surprised when she saw a brand new book.
The doorbell rang. I opened the door, but nobody was there. I closed the door and my son was still up.
There wasn't anything in the toilet. He went out to get a burger. Dave felt full.
He took the challenge and began to smoke. One hour later he lost count and actually smoked eight, He was so high he forgot about the bet.
They shouted sadly, in awe. This was their graduation day, that they'd worked so hard to get to. They troupe told stories and watched the fire into the night.
Finally her parents agreed to let her stay up until midnight. Lee was proud and happy, feeling very adult. But by eleven o'clock, she had fallen fast asleep!
We saw an IMAX movie about the ocean next. They liked the shark exhibit the best. We were there for three hours and had a great time.
He worked as hard as he could for a whole year, every single day. His friends and family were worried because Zach became very poor. But, he stuck to his personal goal and made a million dollars that year.
When they all woke up, Mommy made lunch, and they ate on the floor. Daddy arrived with the moving truck, and he unpacked the rest of their furniture. They worked hard, and slept soundly that first night in the new house.
One day, his two sons found the key and got the gun. They decided to play with it. One son accidentally shot the other son.
Her neighbor ran for cover under trees as the rains came down. She tried to make a makeshift umbrella out of branches. Her umbrella kept her mostly dry as she ran to her car.
She racked her brain to come up with a solution to make more money. Then she thought of a new idea, she could make homemade tea. Thea's tea leaves became highly sought after by the whole county!
One day Jill was out harvesting plants while Jill was milking the cow. She knew not to harvest alone but was in a hurry. She harvested the wrong way and the plant was ruined on her.
She got in her car and started to drive. After driving for a few minutes she got a flat tire. She had to call a tow truck in order to get home.
After putting an ad online, Jim found his new job. After starting the second job, the boss was very rude and inconsiderate. Jim decided to find a different second job.
She bought a wok to cook with. It didn't have any seasoning. She knew her family wouldn't like the wok.
He gets used to feeling more full, and then he decides to start eating avocados at home. He finds them both satisfying and healthy. Horatio is glad that he is eating more healthy food!
He wanted a specific video game. When he got home he went online. It turned out to be on sale.
Danielle was stunned but patiently stayed at the table. Then the restaurant's crew of waiters brought over a covered plate. Danielle cried as her date uncovered the ring and proposed to her.
She saw her roommate using it. The roommate admitted to borrowing it. She returned it and apologized.
He realized he had the extra money. Ron didn't have to post flyers around the neighborhood to mow lawns. Ron had the money to buy the computer.
Over the next few hours Matt sells cotton swabs. Finally he has sold all his cotton swabs. Matt decides he will start a new business.
She makes a list, does the shopping, then goes to a restaurant. By the time she is done, she is exhausted and very full. Libby decides she will eat better tomorrow, and goes out for a salad.
After a minute, Gary suddenly began to fall asleep on his bike. Gary forced himself to stay awake until he made it home. When he made it home, Gary collapsed on his couch.
He couldn't stand it anymore and decided to end it all. He took over the lethal limit of a drug called Zyprexa. He didn't remember anything for three days and woke up in the hospital.
To be safe, Heather checked into a hotel in the flat part of town. That night, Heather's home slid clear off the mountain in a landslide. Heather was grateful she decided to stay at the hotel.
He practiced hard. Eventually, he became the teacher at the club. Zeke was finally good at parkour!
Susan went to sleep. Santa came while Susan was sleeping. Susan woke up to nothing.
She decided to go to donate all her shoes. She saw that this charity had a really great need for them. She found her new favorite charity to donate her shoes.
After the game started we made hot dogs and drank soda. The home team lost the game. We went to sleep sad.
Then she went back to her couch to wait. Somehow, she came to realize that what she had just done was impossible. She jumped up and went to correct things.
After he was released, it was hard to believe his words. I questioned his motives since he was more mean outside of jail. Overall, he remained speechless.
She washed her hands to get it all off for a date. Terry got dressed up and met her date. Her date told her that she had some glitter on her face.
Jet's garden was flourishing! She bought nutrients and began to manually spread it every day. Soon it perked up and began to flourish even more!
She decided to wait for Randy to calm down in the backyard. It started to get unbearably cold. Luckily, Randy eventually calmed down and let her inside.
The parents saw the boys overall happiness level increase. They partially attributed this to the bike. The parents, their kid, and bike were one happy family.
However, to my dismay, my seat was horrible. There was a rip in the fabric and my view was awful. Since the tickets were free, there was no way to request a refund.
It was completed just before the next tornado, and when it came they went to their safe space and bunkered down. They waited and waited. The tornado hit and part of the roof was taken off the house.
After the surgery, she went in for her test. Her oncologist told her the cancer was all gone! Adalina was thrilled that her prayers had been answered.
He made an A on his test. Todd's parents found out. They were very proud of Todd.
As a result, I became very wealthy. Then, I realized that the music industry people were using child labor. I felt guilty and shut down my business.
She went straight to bed when she got home but awoke to a smack by her older sister. She fell flat back onto the bed and started to cry. She had a large bruise on the side of her head.
I wanted to make him feel better. So, I made him a funny meme. He was grateful for my generosity!
Allan decided to be a professional score keeper. Everyone loved how accurate he was! Allan never hated gym class again!
Two boys were throwing a ball to each other around by the pool. Carter saw that one boy was her brother. She marched over and asked if she could play, too
Her stomach was nice and full during the exam, and it made it easy for her to concentrate. Her teacher ate a granola bar and Linda wasn't distracted. Afterwards, Linda always made sure to eat before class.
He practiced the language diligently every day. By the end of the class, he was speaking Mandarin fluently. Brad was proud that he accomplished his goal.
The zoo kept the snake for a year while Rick worked. When Rick returned home, he was so happy the zoo gave his snake back. The snake had grown almost a foot while he was away!
The doctor asked George to read the eye chart. George could barely read any letters on the chart. George was upset but finally admitted he needed to wear glasses.
They could even afford to see a movie! So Mary decided to take them shopping at the mall nearby. The girls all had more fun than they could have imagined!
Jamie made sure to practice using her gun. One night, a man broke in and Jamie shot him dead. It turned out to be a man wanted by police for serial murder.
They first went to the skate park. Then they went to get some food. They had a fun time.
The eye doctor tells Lucas that he needs glasses. Lucas' mother buys him glasses. Finally Lucas can see as far as he used to.
She went home and drank her water. Afterwards she saw the winning lotto numbers. Sue's usual numbers came up.
He was about to grab a bite to eat of the apple. A little puppy walked up to him whimpering. The boy decided to share a piece of the bread with the dog.
The boxes she received from the farm were smaller than she expected. Some of vegetables were wilted and unusable. Kay didn't like anything about the CSA.
His garden was the envy of many. All of the other lawns were brown and dreary. Neighbors wanted to know Taylor's secret.
They were tigers. They got praise for their coordination everywhere they went. They decided they would do themed costumes again the next year.
Eventually, Jen saved up her money for her big trip to Napa. Once she got there, the wine was even better than she had imagined. Her only regret was that she had to go all the way back home.
I was excited to research the issue. The online encyclopedia said it was regurgitated food. I learned that honey is bee vomit.
Then the bully stepped on her! Iva's mom frowned when she saw all of the bruises. She made the bully pay for Iva's medical bills out of her allowance.
The other argued that Jack Frost was good for bringing snow. The other child gave up. But after ten minutes they agreed to watch Jack Frost together.
Unfortunately they burned the ham. They also messed up the sides. They wound up eating pizza instead.
Finally after twenty minutes, she read. Alicia decided to play again after reading. This time she won in five minutes.
One day our new general manager wanted to see photos of the local flora. My boss sent me out to take photos. It was one of the most beautiful work days I've ever had.
She was glad that she didn't have to pack up and move from one state to another. She had never lived away from home. Accepting this job was the best decision she ever made.
It would purposely walk out of the cage to attack me. I assumed it would die in a few years. But after 19 years, I'm convinced it's gonna live forever.
The herbs from the tea revitalized her. Laura was energized and completed her study with full concentration. Laura aced her test the very next day.
However much to her surprise the team did very well. She made sure to cheer every goal from the other team. As a reality, she was kind.
They tried gathering us up since they wanted to close the playground. We tried to run away to keep playing and they followed. I tripped over a huge rock and got a bruise on my leg.
She began to gain a bit of weight so she began running every day. She also went to the gym to lift weights. In a few months she had become muscular and shapely!
I didn't fire it for ten dollars worth of ammunition. My aim was probably terrible anyway and not getting better. It wasn't fun and taught me nothing.
He knew he would be responsible enough to care for the puppy he desired. Bob patiently waited for the annual free adoption day. He walked away from the animal shelter with puppy he wanted.
So we found a really muddy spot. We would live it tired and dirty. But the next week we'd go back for more.
Sandy was so heartbroken at the loss of her friend's mother. Sandy decided to visit Sam for comfort. Sandy felt comforted once Sam prayed with her.
After hours of waiting, Don began to get frustrated. Suddenly, a bunch of rare squirrels arrived at the park. Don snapped pictures of them happily and then went home.
But nobody laughed! In fact, everybody looked shocked. The groom wished he hadn't told the joke.
When he graduated, he was at the bottom of his class. Trey didn't go to college, got a minimum wage job, and never tried to better himself. Trey and his mom didn't move and he was unhappy.
But when the bases were loaded I made sure to make the most of it. I struck out three batters in a row to end the inning with no runs allowed, winning the game. It was a huge win for us and a huge moment for myself.
This time they headed to the mountains the second they arrived. The simply loved the refreshing air and the view. They couldn't wait to go back next year.
She didn't want to bother with covering her hair with a hijab. Ella thought it felt too strange and uncomfortable. She knew she would not get used to it
Her boss was always very nice to her. Frannie decided to give a nice note to her boss. Her boss thanked her and wished she would never leave her job.
Adrian, a fat black man, massaged the shoulders of Carla. Phil liked Carla and didn't see Adrian. Adrian didn't want to fight but Phil and was glad he had left his station.
His grandmother served his something green that looked like pears. She told him to pretend he was destroying light sabers as he ate them. So the pears weren't so bad after all.
She signed up for a yoga class instead. When she arrived, she sat that it looked quite fun. Eva ended up having a wonderful time at her yoga class!
The shoes were getting old so he ran to the store to look at new ones. The store was out of his size. Jake was upset and ran home.
I can't because I"m drawing a picture of God the daughter replied. Honey no one knows what God looks like the mother responded. Just wait I'm almost finished the daughter replied.
Jerry hit a deer on the way there. Peggy saw the blood splattered all over the car. Peggy called 911 since she was worried Jerry got hurt by the deer.
They were tired and just wanted to rest. They decided to head back home. By the end of the day Mikayla and her siblings were resting at home.
Her brother decided to get even. Enlisting the help of a friend, he set up a prank which succeeded. Luckily, Dora's hair will grow back in a few weeks.
She opened it up with a screwdriver. She saw that IT had put in a new solid state hard drive. Since the laptop was open she blew some dust out with some compressed air.
They planned and they planned and decided to volunteer at home. They saw all kinds of cool things and had great experiences. From then on, they volunteered every year.
She decided to upgrade her internet. She wanted to. She had enough money for her expenses.
Cameron asked his friend if he could play with him. Cameron's friend wanted to play on the see-saw. Cameron agreed to play with his friend on the see-saw.
Vera was careful in putting the carpet. She carefully put down her old rugs. Eventually, the white carpet was already installed.
All three had been troublemakers that night. For two hours they continued to get out of the bed and wanted to play. Finally they tired themselves out and fell asleep.
I used to wear them every day. Everyone used to notice I wore the socks daily. Everyone used to call me Stripey Socks.
Bill was confronted but refused to give the person money and entered his car. But the person pounded on his window and cracked it. Bill sped off before the situation became worse.
Jay was sad that he didn't have one. Tom had an idea. He let Jay borrow the remote control car whenever he wanted because of their friendship.
She felt happy about her school choice. She never regretted her decision. The day before school started she was so excited.
But before she got full, she got a bite of something weird. It was a large piece of ginger, something she didn't like. She got so grossed out, she spit the food out.
He tried getting the nerve to ask her out. He was nervous but finally asked her. To his displeasure, she laughed in his face.
In a pirate costume he would haggle people so he could get the best price on things. Some people thought his act was funny and gave him a good deal. Mike built up a vast collection of treasure this way.
Halfway through the movie, a cinema worker noticed the popcorn. He told me I had to throw it away. I gave him the middle finger so he kicked me out of the cinema.
She started to hurry down the path back to her house. A man walked out and asked if she needed an umbrella so she'd have some shade from the sun. She happily took the umbrella from the man and walked home slower.
She woke up in the middle of the night with a story idea in her head. She stayed up writing for three hours. Her prospective boss loved the story and hired her for her work.
They sent about twenty random texts. A box of pizza and the police both showed up to her house. Heather didn't know how the NSA was spying on her.
I wish I could have built a snowman and an angel. It was really warm inside. But I would have enjoyed playing in the snow today.
He talks to his boss and gets approval for a promotion. He packs up all his pictures and gets a bigger office. He stays in Indiana and is always cold!
But she is having second thought of sending it to different places. Then eventually one publishing house picked it up. It sold well and they asked her for another book.
Jumping out of bed I got dressed and ran from the room. My dad was preparing our table for dinner. Without even saying a word I sat down beside him to have dinner.
Jim moved his father to the home. Jim spent his days and nights working and not worrying about his dad. When Jim's dad passed away, Jim felt so good about what he had done.
I hit the bird's wing and it broke. My dad is going to be mad when he gets home. I hope my dad does not ground me for being cruel to an animal.
The whole lab started to laugh and cheer. They grabbed the fire extinguisher and joined in attacking the labmate. The chemistry teacher was not able to save the labmate.
On the way to the beach Tyler told his dad they were missing the exit. After missing the exit his dad calmly flipped around. As Tyler was saying no U turn, they were hit by an oncoming truck.
One day she posted on social media that she was open for business. Nobody showed up for the grand opening. She realized she should have advertised in the newspaper.
His friends challenged Brent to go through a haunted house. He went through a whole haunted house. The next day he was able to poke fun at his friends for not.
The store had had all that she needed. She ended up decorating paper bags with handmade paper bunnies. Her children loved her homemade Easter decorations on Easter morning.
After dinner, we decided that dad would leave with my brother. That meant I had to drive away from the restaurant alone. I felt great waltzing over to my car in a handicapped space!
Jo's mom looked pleased, until she found the leather tote gathering dust. She saw Jo carrying her favorite old books. So she dusted off the leather tote and put it in the closet.
My partner ordered a beef pizza. Then we split an order of wings. When we were done we walked home.
Over the weekend some guys made fun of her for it. They claimed she was a bad driver. Kelly laughed it off because she really was a bad driver.
When he comes in the next morning, Larry completes the report he was working on. He emails the report to his boss and turns off his computer. Feeling exhausted, Larry leaves early that day.
Irie's parents made a bike path for the backyard. Irie was so happy to have her own path to ride on. She spent a lot of time on it and learned a lot of cool tricks.
His house? The locals? No, Neil replied, the best part was seeing them!
While he was giving the tat, he sneezed loudly and harshly. Soon I realized he had scribbled on my friend, because of the sneeze! My friend was so livid, he demanded the tattoo be free.
Of course my family and I weren't planning to leave the house anyway. However, the blizzard actually caused severe damages. My car had to be towed and our fence was broken.
Jeff worked very hard and, one month later, Detroit's unemployment rate was down. People were in the streets cheering for Jeff to be mayor of Detroit. Jeff kept focused, and promised to higher minimum wage by next year.
The ranger didn't tell them about any rules of the park or answer questions. Nonetheless, the couple decided to leave their food bag in their car. The couple slept more at ease, having no food to attract bears.
Sentence 3: She saw some tea and poured it into the vegetables. Sentence 4: She thought it was a sauce. Sentence 5: We ordered another dish.
I saved up for a while, and then bought some audio software so I could auto-tune myself. My tracks all turned out silly and erratic. I didn't mind because I was enjoying myself so much.
His brother suggested the new fighting game. Ned bought that game, and he loved it. He was happy he had listened to the recommendations!
I have some particularly beautiful blue and red specimens. I'm not sure what I'm going to do with all of them. At this point I have many binders filling my shelves, full of petals.
One of the miscreants was even shot in the leg. The SWAT team stormed the house and arrested the miscreants. The six kidnappers all pled not guilty to their evil deed.
His girlfriend was annoyed. Ed turned out to be selfish. He got dumped by his girlfriend because of his act.
He was not a very good swimmer. He began to drown. He lived because his parents were there to save him.
She let her friend read and edit the book. She sent the new version to publishers. The publishers demanded she go back to the original version.
Jason called a repair shop to tow the car. It turned out that there were over a dozen things wrong with the car. In the end it was a terrible tip for the boys.
I made bread and the meal for myself. The pasta came out good, but I burnt the toast. My tummy still liked it.
He went to the mall to shop for a new pair of socks. He saw a pair of white socks that he really liked. He was able to buy them for 50% off the retail value.
One of the legs had broken and given out and the chair was holding it up. Jon's computer fell on the floor and broke. Jon had to replace the table and his computer.
The person got their tools and workplace ready. Then the person worked on the chair for a couple of hours. Finally the chair was like brand new.
He had no plans to meet up with another trucker at the next stop. Bob drove to the next stop and had lunch at a nearby restaurant. After lunch, Bob finished work and checked into a motel for the night.
He picked up an extra shift at work to make some money. He bought the new toy car she had mentioned  wanting Bill was deemed "Best Uncle" by his niece.
I was still sad and suicidal all the time. But, I had to put on a smile for the kids. I realized that I should have gone to college.
John was happy to find one he liked. John went to the car's location. John found a wonderful used vehicle that he purchased.
She scrutinized the map helplessly. Then Ed took it and turned it over. He was able to find their way back to the main road!
She had already spent money buying her cap and gown. Her boss let her off of work early knowing it was her graduation so when she finally walked the stage she was relieved. She finally had a bachelor's degree.
The day before the game, I fell and broke my leg. I was so upset and my coach was so disappointed. The coach scolded me for being so careless.
Amy really resented being stood up by him. She started to text him but then decided to just walk away Amy vowed she wouldn't even look at Ray in class tomorrow.
Marge enrolled in a local community college and took a class on it anyway. After her first semester, Marge became an expert in technology. Now Marge's friends all come to her with their computer questions.
Once Miley was fed up working embezzled a bunch of her client's money. She tried to hide the truth from her company, but they fired her. When the SEC found out, they sent her to prison for a long time.
Chad read the sign in shock, then wrote his own parody version. Meaghann begged to buy his sign for her wall. Chad sold her the sign.
She had a great temperament and was very nice. The lease on the house is up soon. The three girls won't be looking for another roommate again.
He couldn't bare to see his daughter marry a bum. When the wedding was near he left town. A fierce glare was given to her father the next time she saw him.
She wanted to dance, but no one was asking her. Finally, a boy came up and asked if she'd like to dance. Molly and the boy danced together with her baby the rest of the night.
I decide to skip straight to dessert too, and ordered ice cream. Jessie got a vegetarian entree. All of us were very satisfied with our meals.
He called for a reservation at a popular brunch restaurant like Kelly's mom said. They had a pleasant first date and both ate pancakes. Unfortunately, Kelly decided not to see Eric for a second date.
Then he used the softened snow to form up three balls representing the snowman body. He finished by adding the eyes and nose. Ed was very proud of his snowman.
She found the biggest pumpkin and figured that one would work. When she got back home she carved triangle eyes and a smile into it. She had the spookiest carved pumpkin of them all that halloween!
While we finished the whole box of chinese food, we watched a movie. Afterwards, she left. I decided to work on my homework for an hour before sleeping.
Nobody appeared to have noticed him initially. This caused Bill to make even louder noises when he walked back in. This time they turned their heads and laughed at him.
Nicole decided to delegate none of the work to her able employees. She ended up getting the project done on time and correctly. Nicole took herself out for pizza for a job well done.
The were both off work with no plans so they decided to go early. They drove three hours to the city where the band was playing. A scalper traded them for better seats and they enjoyed the concert.
Her friends asked her if they could go with her to her dance class, but she was not interested. Then Ty had a great time. She went to the class without her friends.
They all had a productive time. The only issue was the horrible humidity. Other than the humidity, they had discussions.
When they were in the insect room, Tom brought out a live mouse. Tom did get in trouble for his stunt, but did not get punished harshly. When he got home, Tom's parents grounded him for one week.
She'd forgotten the lesson they had tried to teach her. A professor didn't catch her by using a service that detected plagiarism. Miley was ceremoniously congratulated after not being found out.
He whimpered and shook the water all over us. He jumped around soaked the driveway with water. Constantine now runs anytime someone says that it is bath time.
Once it began to boil, Sam read the rice instructions again. Once he saw that the instant rice would take over 40 minutes, he turned it off. Sam picked up the phone and ordered a pizza instead.
While the pasta was cooking he was distracted by the television. Unfortunately, he has to make it again. Nick feels embarrassed about his overcooked pasta.
The good thing is I learned how to braid by playing with bookmarks in the bible. My job is now a hair stylist. So church did teach me something useful.
One day a girl named Sally approached her. He refused to talk to her at first but eventually gave in. Andrew and Sally became good friends.
Jane turned away for a bit. The wind wrecked her lego set. Jane was really upset over it.
The police asked me if I was okay. I walked a straight line in my high-heeled shoes. They got frustrated but let me drive home for the night.
He heard several loud thumps that weren't supposed to be in the movie. Then a burst of sunlight entered the theater. Young romantics had kicked open the door to the theater.
She wasn't supposed to take flowers, but did anyway. Her seatmate told her keeping the flowers would cause bad luck. Angela gave the flowers to a stewardess to return.
My dad and would go together. We sat in our seat on a cold October morning. The Packers beat the Rams.
Brian felt the hand and stopped the hand from reaching in. He then scolded the man. The man left and apologized.
Having no money, I counted the change in the change jar. After counting, I found $15 worth of quarters. I put it back, drank my soft drinks, and enjoyed the game!
I felt relief loosing them had me worried. Now that I found my keys I was ready to leave. I left home as soon as I found them.
Still, Sue wanted a child, so she and her husband decided to try to find a surrogate. After many long months, the surrogate conceived a baby. She carried it to full term and delivered a perfect healthy boy!
After he got up, Yuna threw a piece of her food at him. A teacher found out and asked Yuna to talk to her. She ended up giving Yuna detention.
Courbin ate a huge pretzel. He looked at animals for hours. Afterwards, they went home completely exhausted.
At another store, a car took Jake's spot. Jake had to park further away. On the way into the store Jake keyed the other car's side.
The city official told everyone to stay indoors Everyone ran through the fast winds to get home. Most managed to reach home and the official gave them further instructions.
He challenged him to a race. I counted to three before they took off. As soon as Bob started to run, he tripped on his shoe lace.
One day, he asked me to adopt his baby, because I bonded with her. He needed help because of his deafness, and already had kids. I declined, but was so touched and still babysat his baby.
His mom turned her head to say something to his dad. When she wasn't looking an emu stuck its head through the window. It licked her face before she could close the window!
Mark asked his brother to hide instead. Mark searched high and low, but to no avail. Mark had won the game!
Alex never wanted to find another group to celebrate his favorite holiday. He knew he had the only family that celebrated. Alex was grateful of his family's unique tradition.
He was playing with a dog he thought was well behaved. Just like him, it was very well behaved. The dog kissed Ben because he was being sweet with him.
She would eat their food and beverage. Her neighbors thought highly of her. They would praise her for being such a good person.
She hoped they would not get jealous of her finesse and fire her. Then she learned that they wanted her to work the register. Kay was disappointed to have a job she wasn't good at
I practiced daily and felt prepared for the performance. The music started playing and my mind went blank. All I could do was stand still in total embarrassment!
She always wore dresses even though she was a tomboy. One day she had to attend a wedding and wear a dress. Randi wore her favorite dress and ended up having a really great time.
One day, his father finally invited him to join him. After five years of apprenticeship Jude finally went off on his own. He traveled far and wide and was very successful.
He had his sister help him. His sister was glad  to help. Michael had his homework finished in plently of time.
Eventually he tries to become an amateur singer. He practices every day until he becomes a good singer. Cornelius is happy that he has at least two hobbies.
Billy looked at the floor as his teacher talked. Billy's mother did not say anything to Billy as they drove home. Billy got a surprise party at home for being such a great student!
One just has to fill read the ingredients. He still ate them once a day for a week. Finally Mcdonald's blocked his IP address from searching the ingredients.
He said when Shawn earned the money, he could have the bike. Shawn saved up his money in a piggy bank. When it was full, Shawn broke the piggy bank and bought a bike.
Not many people knew of the game though. He wasn't able to get enough players to start it. He gave up and couldn't start the game.
I googled for a recording of the show to listen to the questions. Friday I called in with the correct answer for the trivia contest. My answer won the free pizza contest so now I am a winner.
They didn't want him hanging out with the wrong kids. He joined the scouts and learned good morals. Hew grew up and got a great job, and his parents were proud of him.
She excitedly agreed to go try it out at the beach. She was shocked when she found a diamond ring in the sand! Having planted it there, James got down on one knee to propose.
At her new class, she was the only one that offered to try new things and go first. The rest of the class was quiet and wouldn't share or participate. Ricki learned a lot and did well at her class each time.
He didn't want to remain in pain, and was determined to go back to the dentist. He was put under for the first time having no idea what to expect. He bounded out of the bed talking wildly, ripping his mouth stitches.
They had to help because the dishwasher could not keep up with the flow of dirty dishes. Because of the bus boys help the dishes didn't pile up by the sink. Eventually there was a pile of clean plates.
Mike knew it was from brushing enough. After, Mike saw the bill for his check-up. Mike decided he was definitely going to keep brushing often.
She decided to try her luck beating up a soda dispenser. She got lucky, there was a soda stuck and it fell down the machine. She enjoyed the soda.
Later though, both him and the instructor went on a flight inside a small craft. The student was delighted to have finally flown. The student is now a professional airline pilot.
Cindy still snuck some candy and stashed the wrappers in her dresser. In the morning, Cindy heard the sound of spraying. Her mom was spraying a trail of ants that led to Cindy's dresser.
When she got to her friend's home, all of her friends were waiting. They had planned a big party. It was the best birthday Susan ever had.
I decided to harvest my own honey. I built a structure to house hundreds of bees and had bees delivered. After a few weeks, I had successfully harvested some honey!
He created his own super hero name and costume. One day, he pretended radioactive waste spilled on him. Soon after, he pretended to get cancer and die.
So patty bought some frozen fish. She picked out fish sticks made from trout and bass. Patty made delicious fish sticks for dinner.
When he got out he relapsed. Marshall was overdosing. His roommate found and called 911 immediately.
She watched as the beautiful birds pass by. The birds were so wild and fast! Kim thought it was pretty dangerous when some kids stood on the ledge trying to touch the birds.
It was a Roman Catholic Church at one time. I admired its Gothic architecture. Sadly, the church was sold and converted into condos.
When the video is downloaded he watches the whole thing in one sitting. Jason practices kicks and punches in his room. Jason realizes that watching a video is not a good way to learn kung-fu.
He picked it up and didn't put it down for six hours. Now Frank loves to game and wants to be a gamer. He looks at the day in the house as a blessing.
But then her fancy toy got lost and Lee nearly cried! Then, at Ivy's suggestion, the two went to eat at McDonald's. The two ended up having a very enjoyable meal together!
Alas, I did realize I could buy some oil to fry food. The  oil reached its smoking point and burned. As a result, the chicken tasted terrible.
His almost found a job that paid $35,000 but the company went out of business. After this, Craigus couldn't pay the rent. His mother wouldn't loan him money and he lost his apartment.
She woke up in time and then Jennifer set herself up out in her yard. Jennifer sipped her hot chocolate and watched the meteors in the sky. Once she started to get sleepy again she headed inside and went back to bed.
The main sail of his was finally fixed. The wind caught the sails and became taut. The boat sailed back to land and he survived.
Nick noticed some bluebirds in his courtyard one day. He decided to build a bird house for them. Some weeks later he was delighted to see a bluebird was nesting in it.
He  took acting classes in college and started a local improv chapter. Eventually Tim got into a famous drama graduate school. After his hard work, he became a national acting treasure.
Her sweet little dog had died outside the bathroom. Paige and her family were devastated by the loss of their dog. Paige's dad took care of the little dog by taking her to the vet.
When his time came to leave he went to pollo tropical. There was a very big line. Alain decided to go home.
It was literally right there in front of him. Dan finally understood what was happening. He recognized the sound of his mobile-phone alarm and woke from the dream of the rainbow.
When he heard about the oculus rift pre orders he didn't want it. He logged in the site anyway to find it was 600$ to preorder it He glad that he didn't want to buy the virtual reality gear.
He was too lazy to go to the store. While he did it he lounged around from time to time/ Eventually he is done with his new oil.
Tom ordered a brand new mouse online. It came in the mail the next day. Tom's wrists no longer hurt with his more ergonomic mouse.
The lot was huge, but there were no fake trees anywhere. Kim looked online and fell in love with a small tree no taller than her. Her grandma protested, but Kim still got the tree she wanted.
However, someone left their phone that was missing when they got back. My aunt gave the family the benefit of the doubt and blamed Jim. Although he didn't admit that he did it, she showed the phone to Sam.
All day he spent in the woods waiting to see some game. Ethan didn't see anything the entire two weeks he spent outdoors. He went home very disappointed.
As she grew older Christina doesn't know what she had to do  with her life She worked hard and eventually became the theatre's manager. She felt it was the first step to improving herself.
Yet one day she ran out of them. Tina was not disappointed. She decided not to go and buy more.
It was just to test them, he explained, and put her in bed. When she woke up, Santa had brought presents and eaten his cookies! It had all happened just like her brother said!
She took a flight on Saturday. She attended the shower on Sunday and took a red eye home that night. She was very tired but pleased to see her friends in Boston.
They came to the zoo late. They were very disappointed. Bobby and Sue decided to just go to the zoo some other time.
Her last research paper she used Wikipedia for her entire assignment. Terry received an F a week later. And she never used Wikipedia again for research papers again.
She was excited but nervous for her first day. That morning she hugged her parents before heading off to school. Other adults greeted her and she started the day with a smile.
They made sure they had a flashlight and a radio. The storm came and it was violent. Everyone emerged from the house scared after the storm had passed.
Her boss started to talk about all of the great work everyone else had done. Everyone but Sarah was getting a promotion and raise. She was so very depressed.
The nearest service station was over 20 minutes away. He asked a fellow camper for a ride so he could get a new tire. The camper obliged and Christian was able to fix his flat tire.
I decided to go in after him but it was a bad idea. All the hot water was gone. He had been in there for two hours.
His drawer was exactly right. Tim tried really hard that week. After a month he was the best cashier at his job.
I tried to write however, my hands were too sweaty. As soon as I got home, I decided to take a cold shower. My body was fine afterwards.
He found one sandwhich he had never tried before. He loved their sandwiches, and was glad he did not go anywhere else. He began frequently ordering his new favorite sandwich.
He looked at me oddly, as if I was a treat for him. As a solution I left the cafe and went to another. I found a new cafe that I really liked because of it.
He vowed to go back to his homeland as many times as he could. When Menzel was retired, he decided to move to Kenya. He loved his homeland so much that he stayed there until his death.
She ran to her room to see her bed. It was a black lacquered daybed with golden balls on the poles. Gina was disappointed with her new bed.
When I graduated, I got a job at a construction firm. They asked me to invent a new kind of bridge. I invented a new bridge and was finally an inventor!
It was no fun as she danced to Jackson Browne with someone else. My friend taunted me because I was jealous It was the worst homecoming dance I've ever attended.
She looked out the window and saw a person walking on the opposite side of the street. He was swaying back and forth without any emotion. Diana was scared and she decided to stay away from him.
Chad divorced his wife, bought a new house, and went to Home Depot to look for wood counters. Chad loved the contract a specific counter would provide in his kitchen. Chad decided he would purchase the reclaimed wood counter top.
John got angry as well and took a muffin from his plate. Needing a sugar rush, John also picked up and ate the cake from Matt's plate. Right before he got up, Mrs Steiner asked what was wrong.
I went to the shed and grabbed a rake. He raked the laves in my yard. He put the leaves in bags and went home when he was paid.
Yesterday however they found a mouse in their home Ramona was horrified. They decided they would eat at a restaurant for dinner.
The mechanic took off the tire and inspected the brakes. The left side caliper bolt was broken in two. They replaced both bolts and repaired the brakes.
She eventually found her biological parents. Samantha contacted them and agreed to meet for dinner. Afterwards, Samantha kept in touch with them.
Apparently, there is a standard size that the fish you catch must be at a minimum. Every fish I caught was too small and got thrown back. At the end of the day I caught 5 but went home with none.
After a while she came up with an idea. We bought a much bigger bed. Now we have plenty to spare and and we both get enough space.
She counted down every minute for hours. It dragged on forever - she was so eager! Finally it was prom night, and Gina was so happy!
He ate breakfast and brewed a cup of coffee. He relaxed and watched the news for awhile before cleaning. He later went shopping and got some groceries.
Fortunately he wrote everything down on a cheat sheet instead. His power went out just as his draft was set to begin. He was relieved that he can still do the draft since he had his cheat sheet.
Sunday morning, the painting was found blocking the roadway. The painting is so tall it takes five people even to move it. It is thought that several drunken men must have been the kidnappers.
My friend pushed me to enter the local golf tournament. I was so nervous that I was not playing well. I decided not to enter any more tournaments.
Tim felt fine. He decided to confess. Tim told the truth about his feelings for Sam.
Now all that was left was simply figuring out how to pay the contractors. He looked in the papers and online for the best person to do the job. Once he had someone in mind he called them and set up an appointment.
He decides to try out for the swim team. Marcus practices very hard until tryouts begin Marcus succeeds in tryouts and makes the team
Then she entered a horseback archery contest. She took first place! Iva was officially an archer now!
One day I was talking to her father on the phone. Her father told me that she was cheating on me badly. I broke up with her and never looked back.
I picked out some new pants. After checking out, I waited. Once they were delivered, I put them on and was very happy.
I use my pool net to fish them out and place them in a bucket. I put the bucket in my car and drive it to a nearby desert. When the eggs hatch the baby lizards will be in their new desert home.
When we were done, I ended up winning. My brother lost. We then proceeded to play again.
I didn't want to stay home and rest. I didn't want to sleep all day after the doctor. I was starting to feel better and now I am at work.
Her mom walked out of the room. She came back with a piece of fruit. Elle was extremely happy.
He decided to eat the hamburgers without anything. But he was only disappointed. When he opened his freezer to get ice cream, he saw misplaced condiments.
They had been talking for over ten minutes. Sam really wanted to get off the phone with his mother. He made up an excuse about how he had to go to class.
She visited the resident adviser and explained her need to move. She was told there may be an opening and she could move. Amy was ecstatic to be moving near Sue.
She still needed to go to the grocery store to buy food to prepare. She decided to order take out. Her parents didn't realize and they had a good time.
While going upstairs to his room, he slipped and fell. He came down hard onto his back That day Billy didn't like being grounded.
She decided to go to the doctor and look for help. The doctor ordered an MRI and decided she needed surgery. Mary had surgery and now has almost full use of her knee without pain.
Kim tried to get information about his assignment. Nobody ever found out. She eventually moved on.
As soon as the baby was delivered, Kelly went over. Kelly was thrilled to meet the baby. She thought the baby was beautiful.
She was very excited that it happened so fast. She had tests done and everything was good. Both sets of grandparents were thrilled
He tasted it. He thought the chicken was perfect. After making a sauce, he finally cooked the perfect chicken.
She went over to the pump and looked at it like she had never seen one. Dan saw the young woman's confusion. Dan got out and went over to help her pump her gas.
She couldn't eat it all. She decided to not save it for the next day. The next day she had other leftovers that were still good.
He had told her that she had to use all of the worst cards. Then, he used all of the good cards. She knew better and he quit out of spite, of course.
It tasted very good. Immediately when the samples were tasted, the girls bought them. They got to take them home after.
Despite sharing everything with me, he didn't tell me this fact. Dan chose a tattoo on his own, without my help. He's now covered in tattoos, and I hope to be soon as well!
The helicopter got very close to the glaciers. It was amazing to see how blue the ice glaciers were. We want to go back again on our next vacation.
He wanted to play it immediately. When it was shipped, he tracked it on his phone. Nothing he did could get it to arrive, the game was lost.
In the end, they caved and agreed to get her a pony for Christmas When Christmas came, they presented her with a rocking horse. Her resentment and sense of betrayal festered for years.
Then her mom drove downtown, where the homeless people congregated. Nea's mom began passing out the warm items to the needy people. The homeless people accepted them gladly and thanked Nea's mom warmly.
Normally the black cat would sit in the window or look at Mary. One day Mary opened the door and cat got out and it ran away. After that Mary was very sad her black cat was gone.
Tom got an interview with the HR department in a news paper company. It went pretty well for him. Now, Tom works there.
Once they realize it's empty. There's no other dogs for their puppy to relax with. So they relax with it themselves.
She took us to a zoo in the area. I had my photo taken with a pretty elephant. We took some pamphlets and left.
At first she thought it was music from a nearby car. Then she thought it must be a mechanical issue with the car. It turned out to be the thumping from the her water bottle rolling.
I found a nice set of doghouses. I bought the doghouses with the gift card. I brought the doghouses home and they were excellent.
He admired it so much that he'd take it out of storage sometimes so he could take pictures of the vase. But one night, Phil's cat jumped onto the mantle where Phil was taking pictures and knocked the vase over. He cried as the pieces lay all over the floor.
He was able to go into the planetarium at school. He decided to go into the space program after this visit. After college, he was accepted into NASA.
On the way there he got stuck in a huge traffic jam. Larry called his fiancee to let her know what happened. His fiance was frustrated but understanding.
It was better for the environment. Jim had a plan. He would now bring extra reusable bags to give away whenever he shopped.
Then I walked outside of the outlet store. I tried to held it tight still. I do not want to lose my first tablet.
She gave me a necklace he tried to steal from her. He tried to sell it on eBay, but nobody bought it. She is grateful to be rid of him.
Everyone was sighing and rolling their eyes. I told him he might be exaggerating a little too much for his story to be believable. But he was right, he knew what he was doing better than I did.
Maxwell decided to try walking one day. He discovered that it was much too far to walk. Maxwell's friends soon offered him a ride.
Because she had gotten a home tutor. He taught her the concepts and helped her learn. Ginny's grades rose to As and Bs!
Tina woke up at 7:30 am. Tina texted her boss to say she would be late. Tina had never been late before.
I picked dandelions out of an asphalt crack. When I was done I put them in a vase. I never got any compliments on the flowers.
Eventually traffic cleared, and she was driving quickly when suddenly her car started swerving and she lost control. Kelly got scared. Her car stopped and she had to call for help.
She decided to do pancakes instead, so she grabbed some mix. But she noticed they were also out of pancake mix. Rin's boss canceled breakfast.
So she wakes up her husband and sends him out to get popcorn. He drives all the way to the store and back. When he returns with the popcorn she is asleep again.
We sat down to dinner. My father made rude comments the entire time. We never invited my uncle back again.
The next day my parents called me to the car to go, and I ran as fast as I could. As we were pulling off, I realized I left my shoe! I begged my parents to go back, and was sad because they wouldn't.
The veterinarian said if he continues to lose it will be unhealthy. We don't want to risk any health problems. We put him on a heftier diet immediately.
Walking into the door he heard a peculiar noise in one of the bushes. It was a lonely kitten looking for food so Clark took the kitten home and gave him food and water. The kitten become one of Clark's best friends.
One summer, she heard about auditions for a part at the local fair. She was so happy in her career that she had forgotten her old dream. She didn't try out for the part.
A big man suddenly pushed him aside and took his backpack. Johnny protested but the man was bigger than him. Johnny felt like a pushover when he left empty-handed.
She persisted for months, and finally got a meeting, where they quickly wanted her to sign a contract. Jenny got a bad feeling and didn't trust the label. She declined reluctantly, and followed her hunch that it wasn't right.
But when he looked down he realized how high it really was. He took a deep breath and slid down. It was even more fun than he expected.
All of a sudden, she noticed a glimpse of brownish thing just a few steps away! Overjoyed, she sprinted back home with her glasses. Now she was able to see clear again.
He got home with his mother and they prepared the eggs for Easter. He woke up on Easter Sunday and was so excited to hunt the eggs his mom hid. He hunted the eggs over and over and was very happy.
He tried playing with Army men and GI Joe dolls to appease his parents. In secret, though, he still liked playing with dolls. Eventually, he didn't care what anyone thought about it.
Further investigation revealed that that wasnt the power. Instead, they called their landlord. He came out and helped them fix things up.
While hungry, he tried to take his sister's cereal. She fought back and took it away from him. George cried afterwards.
Calvin had made friends in a local gang. He shot a man over drugs and another man for insulting him. He ran from the police but is on death row in California.
Then he realized the noise was actually coming from outside, and he peered out his window and saw a bunch of police officers. It looked like some couple was fighting in front of their house. Shawn shook his head and closed his curtains.
She didn't need to go to the doctor or to take antibiotics. She got back up and took her vitamin pill every day, just as she always did. She was better in short order thanks to rest and good nutrition.
I hid from the stage realizing I wasn't brave enough. If I had gotten on stage I know that I would immediately run back off and the audience would laugh. I realized that public speaking was not for me.
A few days later, he saw a teenager stealing food at a grocery store. And he praised the boy and hugged him. But a security guard quickly overpowered Joel.
My best friend noticed and shared her phone to show me a video of a woman swimming with ten golden retrievers. Watching the video with her was a lot of fun. I felt foolish for ever doubting that Facebook would entertain me.
Unfortunately for Steve, his niece was one of his employees. Although she was the best, Steve feared being accused of nepotism. Feeling he had no choice but to pick her, Steve sadly fired her.
He was really nervous about finding another gig. Finally, he found one. The song actually went extremely well.
Then he a bought a piano lesson book for beginners He practiced how to play the piano Joseph was finally able to play a full song on the piano.
They decided to see a different movie and bought some popcorn and soda. Then they sat down to watch the movie. It was a very good film and they talked about it on the way home.
He thought his pager would be sufficient. Tom dropped his pager and ruined it. Tom was sad about it and learned a lesson.
Anne and Sam were happy to never be separated. However, the girls realized they could still email and text every day when they were not together. The girls remained best friends no matter what.
The attic was completely empty. Damon returned empty handed. He hoped to find something of value but there was nothing to be found.
I sat in the chair calmly. When they stuck the needle, I didn't move a bit. My arm ended up fine.
Using a pin, he picked the lock of the door and snuck inside. He took cameras from his bag and installed them and was about to leave. A teacher walked in the room and caught him in the act.
The employer says their employees should be proud to work there. The employees started telling others about their better paying jobs. The employer was proud.
Alex decided to ask her to date. They're parents thought it was puppy love. Ana and Alex married twenty Years later.
Bella's favorite were the killer tigers. She decided she wanted to work with them when she grew up. Bella is now in college studying biology.
He reluctantly went to meet his new sister at the airport. She smiled and wrapped her tiny arms around his legs. He decided having a little sister was wonderful.
His dad had wanted to practice with him every day. On game day, James was excited. He hit his first home run.
He said the salary was poor and you don't get a lot of time off. Plus you are forced to retire at an early age and with minimal benefits. He put me off it and I just applied to join the pilots academy.
Dominick stopped paying attention to the teacher. He realized his grades were getting bad. Dominick started paying attention to the teacher again.
The laptop in her hands fell out. The boss came in to find out what the big noise came from. He began to get angry at Nancy.
They were going to remodel it. It took almost a year to get the work done and borrow money. They were so relieved to finally have the money.
Her sister gave her a nail file to fix it. Lorraine filed the ragged edge of her nail until it was smooth. She returned the nail filed to her sister when she was finished.
When the doctor looked for the heartbeat, he couldn't find it. He told us my baby had died and miscarried. I got a D&C the next day and had the baby removed as my boyfriend felt guilty for his previous opinions.
I immediately opened it up and put the stuff on my head. When I was done it looked great. I knew I wanted to do it again.
Turns out there was a bomb threat at the school. We were all panicking because we never had this happen before. Turns out it was just a bad prank.
She had grown over time but not much. She pulled on the jeans with ease. They ended up being worn a lot.
She has many allies in her class. But sitting next to her old friends is uncomfortable. Still, Gina doesn't feel like an outcast.
Without checking the recipe, he starting mixing the ingredients. He tasted the batter and pursed his lips. He had added a whole cup of salt!
When the show started, no one needed more seating. The manager had to explain to the patrons why there were extra chairs. The patrons did not have trouble finding a spot to sit.
She put the baby in the sink. Using a sponge, she washed the baby with the soap and warm water. When she was done, she wrapped the baby in a towel.
Then, she dropped the bottle. Foundation flew everywhere. Jenna had to clean it up with cleaning spray.
As she turned around she spilled her cold drink all over her dress. As she wiped up the spill the lights came on in the club. Holly was furious the club was closing.
I dance to it at home. My friends try to get me to dance to new age hip hop. It just doesn't sound as good to me and they disagree.
Her nurse came in with some delicious chicken soup. This seemed to do the trick, as Kelly felt better eventually. In some time Kelly was back on her feet and well again.
When he finally saved enough, he went out to the store to look. The new iPhone caught his eye immediately. He walked out of the store already texting his friends.
Her shot struck it and brought it down. Happily, Tia went to get it and bring it home. There, she plucked it and roasted it for her family.
I had to move to Texas for work. I loved the warmth of Texas. I still decided to retire to Norway.
One day they caused quite a disturbance in the halls The principal was very angry They got detention for a week
That night she had her neighbor cut her hair. It was a mistake. Allison wore a hat for the next several weeks to hide her hair.
Freda was so heartbroken and angry. Freda learned to accept her fate. Freda smiled as she took a shot of insulin and told her daughter not to worry.
She then walked to the front when she noticed her front tire was flat! She called the auto club for help. Soon they came to replace her tire.
It was bought from a local jeweler in town a long time ago. He had always admired the watch. He thought it looked nice for the occasion.
He thinks his sugar gets low if he doesn't eat an apple. It only works with green apples. His friends think it is an interesting quirk.
The dog constantly poops wherever it's meant to. I complemented my neighbors about the dog poop. They started to reward their dog when it made good poops.
Then she looked for travel videos. She saw a video of sailing on the Mexican riviera. Emma loved her fantasy cruise!
She kept reaching for the knob. Eventually he pulled over and told her to get out. She promised to stop reaching for the radio after.
She is glad she didn't have to take up a job mowing lawns. It would have taken her a long time to save up the money. She got the pants and couldn't be happier.
Their new house is really little. We didn't know how we would all fit for Thanksgiving. Somehow there was enough room and it was a lot of fun.
She decided to try anyway and went to the store and bought the ingredients. She returned home and began to make the pie. Her first homemade pie was delicious and was eaten quickly.
He did not have time to brush his teeth. Darren jumped on his bike and raced towards the school. It turns out he made it just in time.
Her mom eagerly watched the drawing on TV. As the numbers were called out, she grew excited. She had matched every number and won the lottery jackpot!
When his grades came out, his grades were awful. Bradley's bad grades earned him a spot in the Dean's doghouse. He sulked that weekend after being scolded by his parents.
The Johnson's don't have TV, and didn't know there was a hurricane. It was to late for the Johnsons, they were surprised. But later, swimming in the water, they got saved by a helicopter.
He asked his sister May for help in making a new one. May took an old shirt and carefully cut and sewed. She made Ed a vest better than any he'd seen in stores!
David saw a nice blue velvet couch on the curb with a free sign on it. David called a friend with a truck to help him move it to his dorm. David had a nice blue velvet couch.
Dad promised we would like it this time so we rode a camel and a horse. My brothers got to pet a monkey but I was scared. My dad said that we will get to go again very soon.
My wife did not like this type of candy. I didn't eat any of it. Her niece might need to diet for a month.
Soon, she woke up and began to walk towards the kitchen. She placed her hand on the kettle when I told her not to. She ended up burning her hand.
Eventually he changed his mind, and he bought his grandpa a new smartphone. The smartphone was too advanced for the grandpa. The kid was happy to try to help his gramps though.
My excuse not to clean was that I needed to make money on Mturk, but today I had time to make dinner. Thinking of stories is hard, so I've mostly been looking at Facebook. I feel really guilty normally, but I was happy to help out this time.
He never saw mold on the floor. He religiously cleaned the bathroom. His bathroom was always clean.
He would practice all the time but kept getting blocked. His coach taught him how spike the ball better. He is now one of the best at spiking the ball on the team.
There were no available options left. So Jane had to take a quick shower. 10 minutes later, she was going out for dinner.
He could shoot into the basket from 100 feet away. Patrick threw the ball and it sailed through the air. It crashed clear through the school's window.
She came across a paragraph about chemistry and was soon absorbed. She loved reading about the interesting chemical reactions! Felicity decided then and there to become the best chemist ever.
She had a blast drinking a ton of soda and watching movies. She woke up in the theater. She realized she had watched too many movies that day.
They didn't have to call a tow truck to bring it to the shop. The neighbor said the battery just needed a little juice. The car was running like new again!
She didn't want to lose her chance to be outdoors all summer. She decided this job was the best compromise. Telli got to earn cash AND tan in the sunbeds every day!
However, her mom said no when June asked her. She dressed up and left the house. Her mom was bickering at her father for letting her go.
But Richard was a sleepwalker and got up from his bed. Richard made his way to the kitchen. Richard made himself a sandwich, without ever waking up.
He heard small voices from outside his car. He got very scared. It turns out it was his friends who threw a surprise party.
When the customers arrived, I set them up. I showed them how well it worked by closing the curtains and cutting off all light. I sat in my chair and relaxed after the sale.
This was ideal, as they were not supposed to be mixed. They would have caused an explosion. The scientist and his lab were safe.
She wasn't exactly sure what to expect. She had studied day and night to be prepared. After her last final, she felt like she had done well.
Ann wanted to add some meat but she didn't. The next day, her dilemma was rendered moot. Her capricious friend announced she was done being a vegetarian!
Still, he adopted another one from the pound. Now his cat had a best friend. Both cats were very happy!
Finally she realized she had spent a few thousand dollars on junk. She saw some great used cars in the paper and started saving. Nita was so pleased with herself when she had saved enough.
Mary and her family read the bible with Lucy after dinner. Everyone felt included. Lucy allowed Mary's mother to keep the Bible.
Her parents brought her outside and showed her a new kitten. She was nice and told them she appreciated the gift. She was so happy, she had always wanted a new kitten.
All of their homes were destroyed by the fire. The community pooled their money together to rebuild the habitat. A few years later, all the animals returned.
The coach told him he didn't weigh enough. Matt ate nothing but healthy food for weeks. He lost enough weight and was able to make the wrestling team.
Mike wasn't worried about how he would pay his bills on time. He filed for unemployment and looked for work daily. He found a new job and continued to pay all his bills on time.
He couldn't leave because his dog died, so his friend Al invited him over for the night. He was happy to have such a good friend, and accepted. They had a good time together despite Arthur's dog dying.
She called him and woke him up to tell him to come back over. Then she tried to talk to him about her feeling. He said yes because he felt the exact same way and needed to have sex with her immediately.
She accidentally stepped on one. The toy broke. Her mom saw and said to not worry about it.
He decided he wanted to get a Sony DSLR camera based on the books she read. He saved up for months to purchase it. Sam was finally able to order his Sony camera after a few months.
Val was on her goofiest behavior while at lunch. When lunch was over Ali's friend June congratulated Ali. She was impressed by Ali's ability to make her laugh.
She borrowed a pen from a nearby store. She started writing the incident. When she was done it was published.
Although I tried talking about tomorrow's party, he didn't listen much He spoke to someone else about a different subject. I ended up leaving since he couldn't stop to talk to me.
She hadn't been awakened for a night feeding, which was unusual. May went into the baby's room to check on her. The baby was awake, smiling, and cooing.
She saw that he had taken his diaper off. The contents of the diaper were all over the place. She had to clean it all, and she was laughing the whole time.
Last week, his friends didn't see him because he had so little work. He kept bragging about it when we saw him. However, we all think that he hates it.
Chad forgot to learn how to ride the tricycle. Chad climbed on the seat. The tricycle fell over with Chad on top.
An old man watching him cheered as he pulled them off. Frank went over to the old man to thank him for his support. The old man was touched and cheered Frank on further.
So she went down outside so people can see it. There, she spent hours flying it. Alice was very happy with her new kite!
He gets a choice of black beans or kidney beans. He decides on black beans and returns home. Finally Jackson eats the beans.
Joe went to bed that night thinking this would make her feel sorry. When he awoke the next morning, Joe found his bags packed by the door. His aunt attached a note saying she'd see him when he gets back.
One day, Gray's mom got fed up and forced him to go to sleep. Gray helplessly cried and went to sleep. From then on, Gray regularly takes his naps.
Jim took some time to wipe the sand out of his eyes when it came off the ball. When he can see clearly again, he attacked Brad. They ended up rolling on the ground.
Pete was incredulous so he tried out the ladder. Without the extra rungs, the ladder was too weak to hold Pete. Pete fell down and said that it was certainly faster for falling.
It had been the same routine, every day since his plane had crashed. Woken in the morning, and made to play poker all day long. With the last cut, Rich won the right to spy another day.
Buzzy smacked his keys against the wall as he yelled at his wife. The keychain broke and scratched his hand. Buzzy yelled even louder.
There was no one else at the house. And Gina had nothing else to do. She decided to sit on the porch and wait for her grandma to return.
She tried it on and it fit. She didn't look for a better size, and didn't care if the store did not have it. The store gave her the custom size, and she went home.
He tried to sleep 5 hours later each night. After grueling nights, he accomplished this. He was able to get his sleep schedule back on track.
The train broke down so they hitch hiked and an elderly man stopped and gave them a lift. Once they arrived at the school the man stayed to listen to the show. The band then brought the man on stage to thank him for his help.
She went to the pound to find a new friend. Milly got a puppy who followed her around every day. Milly was very happy to have a best friend back again.
Mark got a book on pet care at the library. Unfortunately the pet store was all out of cats! Mark's mother got him a bird instead and he was just as happy!
I ordered pork dumplings. My friends ordered the same. My wife said people often do that.
After we had pizza, he asked if I ever made ice cream from snow. We went outside to get the snow. He showed me how to make it, and it was delicious.
There had been a tornado the month before. The thought of another kept entering her dreams. She checked outside and realized it was only another nightmare.
When I got to the register, I realized I couldn't it. I had to put it back. I was sad to leave the store without my item.
The boys crowded around, making no sounds. Dan lost his footing and suddenly slipped. He fell down right on top of the eel, smashing it flat!
He moved Julia away from Daniel and threatened him. Julia said that they were friends. Her brother didn't care and asked Daniel to stay away from her.
Her friend Chuck took a list and bought everything online on Thursday. Trish loved the shopping. She was glad Chuck completed his shopping and enjoyed her Friday with her family.
Eventually, they got her one after finding out. But the kitten scratches and made a mess everywhere! Ella realized she should have thought harder about getting a kitten.
They told me about reddit.com. The introduced me to Mechanical turk. I have been working at home for six months.
After the flight I went to baggage claim. They couldn't find my bags. Finally I was able to get my luggage
He had no idea we were going to not show up. When we sent the giftcard to him, he was disappointed. He wanted to spend all night with us on his birthday.
One day, Erin went to a cookout with one of her friends. The host had baked beans on the menu. Because of her allergies to baked beans, she had to politely decline.
He planned how he would invest his $100 paycheck. When payday came he found his check was only for $75. He forgot he would have to pay taxes.
As soon as I saw her I gave her a big hug. We stayed at the hospital by her side for 10 hours. I then received the news, my 16 year old daughter could go home!
But I have gained a lot of muscle instead. Now I have to move up to a higher weight class. I am glad I lifted weights and I can be in a different weight class.
He was going to get it shaved. Jeff's friend said he would look weird. His mom loved his haircut.
He gathered all of the cookies in his house and ate them. Corey does not regret his decision. The cookies were delicious.
I found the game on a website online. I put my card info in the site and tried to buy the game. I waited for a few seconds and my card got declined.
Emmy's mom called them inside to rest a while. She had two cups of steamy hot cocoa for them. They warmed their hands on the cups as they drank.
None of her friends got an invite, and she could only image decorating for the party. She wished she could play spooky games with her friends. She was sad that she could not throw the best party.
He figured that out later. She cheated on him. She broke his heart.
She learned all of the songs. She had attended lots of them in person. on her 50th birthday the boys surprised her with tickets.
One day she got sick and had to miss a semester. Amanda became very happy. She was very sad when she was able to return to her college.
As a birthday surprise my wife got me flying lessons. It has taken a long time and a lot of hard work. Yesterday, I got my pilot's license thanks to my wife remembering my childhood dream.
Sue started drawing wild fantasies for her diary. While cleaning, Sue's mom found the diary. Sue's mom waited with a new sketch pad ready for her daughter.
Both locations were pretty dismal and drab. We ate at unkempt places and stayed at a mediocre hotel. It was wonderful to head back home.
He decided to audition for the local team. He was granted a position at the team! After many years, Hari made it to the professional leagues!
She asked her mom to join the class. Her mom said she could. Her mom was pleased to be able to join to help out her daughter.
That day Dad was carrying a cardboard box in the door. He said he had a surprise for us all after he set the box aside and hugged us. We were so excited when we saw the new tiny puppy he has for us.
It took him five seconds to decide to go. As he packed his bags he thought about how amazing the weekend will be. Before he knew it, he had arrived.
I don't have windows but I set the alarm. Finally, I call the home security company to check my phone lines. I do this every night to sleep peacefully.
She walked through cities, and sampled the local cuisine. She tried to find her birth mother, who was Chinese, but was unsuccessful. She realized that America was her true home after all.
But when I opened the mail box, I found money in it. My mom wanted to keep the money, I agreed. I would've walked to the address and gave it to the owner, but there's no way to know who it belonged to.
One time, I found the baton and started playing with it. My dad found out and grounded me. I realized that I shouldn't play with police batons.
He informs him that the stereo is stolen. The salesman asks him some questions, confiscates the stereo and leaves. He vows to never buy anything on craigslist again.
One day a man wanted to adopt him. Larry felt comfortable with him. But his dad didn't agree on him being adopted by others.
Me and my brother sat in the front row. The final match was on with Hulk Hogan. Hulk Hogan defeated Andre the Giant.
He had decided it wouldn't be hard to make popcorn on the stove. He put in oil and the kernels, shaking it like his mom always did. He forgot about it, and had put in too many kernels so the pot overflowed!
Training the horse took a lot more time than Josh had thought. Josh began to worry he wouldn't have time to date again. His fears disappeared when he met the perfect girl at the horse ranch.
But soon things took a bad turn, and Kella put a frantic ad online. A contractor answered and said he could finish the job. He did a great job and Kella was very pleased!
Just then her roommate entered. Her roommate was a lot less outgoing, and wild than Amy. Amy was concerned, but she hoped they would be friends.
I poured sauce over them. Next, I topped the sandwich with provolone cheese. Lastly, I enjoyed my sandwich.
He was stupid and threw a pebble at it. The lion was mad and started chasing him. Kevin was able to escape.
She knew it was her mother, and she kept calling. Finally, Terry answered and her mother asked her how her day was. Terri said it was fine.
When the host asked her to at least share the recipe, Gloria became very quiet. She refused to speak to them. If others knew her recipe her empanadas wouldn't be special.
One day, Judy threw up during gym class. But teachers refused to change her schedule. Judy no longer ate during lunch time.
She put batteries in and put it next to her son. As it moved, the boy freaked out. For some reason, the toy scared him.
We took a train from Long Island to Penn Station. We spent the night indoors watching the coverage on TV. We enjoyed a few warm days in the city.
Jill was frustrated because she never won. Mary taught her techniques on playing video games. Jill and Mary were both good at playing now.
He tripped on a branch suddenly and saw a mouse. The mouse looked at him and ran away. The boy was curious, followed the mouse and ended up back at the watering hole.
He opened his apartment door and saw kids in the hallway. Without concern, they broke the glass and set off the fire alarm. Bill was still scared of the fire, even though he knew it was a prank.
I threw them in the dryer when the washer was done. I took the freshly cleaned clothes and folded them. I brought the clothes to my dresser.
Her grandma suggest she head back and pick up something else. As she walked out the door, Lucy's grandma suggested the movie Funny Girl. Lucy had never heard of it but decided to give it a shot.
He used a net to chase them with. But none of the minnows were slow enough to be caught! Finally, Even gave up on the idea of using minnows as bait.
Lela was certain she'd never get caught. She had underestimated the tenacity of the IRS. They totally caught her, but let her go.
I still wrote her a note to ask her out. She opened it right there and then She smiled and said no!
Sally ended up not meeting any really great friends at school. Sally began hating her new life in high school very much. Sally didn't do well in high school and had a terrible time.
He worked for hours and finally found something. Eric had found a cure for poverty. The information was distributed worldwide to cure poverty.
I became tense from this subject. Therefore, I stood up to Jerry and hugged him. He landed straight in my arms in tears.
Jennie put on her uniform, and ate breakfast. Jennie played and studied well all day. The teacher told Jennie's mom who was very happy.
She used her antique grandma's casserole dish. She decided to prepare peppers and add them to the dish. Unfortunately, when she lifted the dish, the bottom fell out.
When it was time to go home she went to the parking garage. Amy couldn't find her car. She walked around for an hour before she remembered she took an Uber there.
He hoped this would make him safer. And reduce his chances of getting into an accident. But the next day, he hit a parked car.
I then went home to put everything in the fridge. I laid out everything and made ready to make my meal. But when I opened the package of crackers they were broken!
Milton wanted the freshman to sit in his lap. Milton asked if the freshman could she sit in his lap everyday? Milton creepily told them that they would have to keep the affair a secret.
They started walking across a narrow bridge across the cliff. On the summit, they were surrounded by clouds. They tried taking a selfie, but all that showed up was fog.
I asked to get an exterminator and never got a response. I recently called about my kitchen light bulbs going out. I washed dishes in the dark for three weeks before I got a response.
She scheduled to come by at five o' clock. I first went window shopping and people watching. At five, my mother wasn't at my house and she never showed.
There he saw her, standing by the front door. Finally he approached her, and she smiled in return. They chatted all night, and have been inseparable since.
The bank was on the third floor. So everyone had to go up the stairs. It made a good workout for all the customers.
Gary set up a video camera to watch how the baby chickens got out of their coop. On the video, Gary saw how the chicken can easily escape the chicken coop Gary built a stronger chicken coop to keep them in.
She ordered a bunch of chocolates. She accidentally received a bunch of cokes instead. Sally told the cashier and was able to get her correct order.
Mary studied when she could at the library. Mary did okay on all her finals. Her parents were proud to hear that she passed.
He didn't want to see me anymore, but when I got older, my dad contacted me. He wanted to have lunch and talk. I showed up, but he did not show up that day.
Unfortunately her internet connection was weak. The show wouldn't load no matter how many times she tried. Madison resigned herself to another boring night.
Tuck was determined lose weight by hook or by crook. He developed a strict diet and exercise regimen. After a year of hard work, Tuck lost over a hundred pounds.
I applied to a janitor position anyway. The employer refused to employ me because I had a degree. I realized that my degree was an obstacle to becoming a janitor.
I was planning how to pull them out of the garden to transplant to pots. As I sat contemplating, I saw a hummingbird fly out of the plant. I decided to leave the plants exactly where they were.
Trying not to panic, he was very nervous. He cried out for help, hoping someone was nearby to aid him. Bored of waiting, the next kid dove right in.
One day he wanted to chase after his older sister but couldn't. He decided to take his first running step and go after Sister. He started running and he couldn't stop!
She took it to work one day and shared some with her co-workers. Ida loved the candy but was happy that she was able to share with other people. She did this until all of the candy was gone.
He searched it online and found the store. Finally he bought himself a piggy bank with a pig shape. It vaguely resembled a pig.
Tiffany especially hated taking care of the residents. Tiffany wanted to do something else and decided to go to school for business. Four Years later, Tiffany graduated and loved her job as a CEO.
But then his dad chuckled and told him to cheer up. His dad carved a new dump truck together easily. When the glue dried, it was as if brand new!
It was about pilots and planes. He was very surprised. They had a great time at the air museum.
Amy was shocked, and promptly said yes. Bobby started hugging Amy, and Amy hugged him back. Amy kissed his face, and Bobby sat on the floor.
He got online and looked how to avoid bad jobs in the future. He read an article about websites where employees review companies. One week later he now has his own account writing about business he has worked for.
I suddenly got woke up by my teacher. The teacher got angry at me for sleeping at her class. I told my parents what happened and they scolded me, too.
He went outside and picked a few large mushrooms along with the herbs. Then he added them to his pasta. But John got sick because his mushrooms were poisonous!
I put thousands of miles on the odometer and built up a good rating. Alas, the company paid terribly. I almost spent more money than I earned!
To keep the kitten from scratching her, Mary had to spend thirty dollars for a huge scratching post. Now her kitten has an outlet for scratching. But Mary is finding her new cat to be very expensive.
Sara saved up $15 and bought a gown secondhand at a consignment shop. She wore it with her head held high. And everyone at prom complimented her lovely dress!
Sam hates mowing the lawn, but loves making her husband happy by doing chores. Sam finishes her routine of chores and beckons her husband. John happily gives his wife a well deserved fully body massage.
His hand slipped and he dangled from one carabiner. Quickly he regained his grip on the wall. There he clung, panting, until he had calmed down.
She decided to take a small sip. Sure enough, her tongue was almost burnt. She drank some cold water and waited longer to avoid the pain.
They would work out together every day. Tony worked for hard for an hour each day lifting weights. After six months Tony was big, strong and proud of their acomplishments.
Joe decided to cheat during the fire. He took another ball and rolled them at the same time. After the fire was shortly put out, he realized 3 people were severely burned, and he felt ashamed.
Then he sat down to write a song. He couldn't sing it solo. Jim signed up for singing lessons.
Then he poured himself some milk. His doorbell rang and he left the table to answer it. When he came back his cat had drank it all.
He was happy for a while, but then he had a new idea. Lou went to work as a firefighter. Now he earns a living by helping people!
He stumbled away and muttered that he was too good for her. She thought he was cute but he didn't give her a chance. It didn't go anywhere but at least Dan felt good about himself.
He went out on Wednesday. Pictures from Wednesday surfaced. Come to find out, he has a girlfriend.
They got massages and stared at the sea. They put on their robes and sat down. They saw amazing things and were delighted they had stayed in.
We knew we were too drunk to drive to California We hung out at the bar for 2 more hours. Then we drove back home in a cab.
He looked all over a tree log. Disappointed he went home. He wasn't able to make any money selling mushrooms to a restaurant.
Just as she is buying water a friend almost sees her buy it. Lucretia was asked by her  friend why she is not buying a soda. She said she gave up drinking soda.
He took a cab to his hotel. Then he went out and ate a traditional African dinner. Neil knew he was really going to like Kenya!
His didn't call because his phone was dead. He had to stop by someone's house first and ask for directions. However, he made it safe.
He didn't listen to his mom. Derek got into college. Now he is a doctor.
They had lunch at home afterwards. Soon after, their teacher called everyone. The teacher assigned the class homework to write about their day.
He ordered a coney island dog but they were out. After careful consideration, he ordered a Chicago dog. Jacob liked it better than the coney!
But after a while, he grew to like playing with a ball of yarn. One day, the cat lost his ball of yarn. Then Jane went to the shop to buy another one.
I called his wife. She said he had a viral attack on his system. My boss had to stay at the hospital to restore his body.
Her father brought her a small foot stool so she could reach the top. She was able to reach all the parts of the tree now. Her father was so proud of her and how well she decorated the tree.
One day he decided that he was in great shape and went to the gym Michael entered a Fit Man Competition and trained for many weeks. He lost in the finals but decided that he would do it again.
She bought some lavender bath salts. She used them the next time she took a hot bath. They made her very relaxed!
Finally a friend recommended that Viola put up her own shop. She trained first to have her skills improved. Finally Viola started a career that she really loved.
They made it into town and found a gas station. They bought some snacks and filled up their tank The family enjoyed seeing the local attractions in Birmingham.
Everything her mom owned was drab. She decided to ask her mom to go clothes shopping There was no money to buy either a new wardrobe
He was at a girlfriend's place all the time so he couldn't help it. In fact, he really adored the smell. The smell was like memories to him of their relationship.
He made campaign posters to hang up around school in an effort to get enough signatures, and it worked. Finally, Ted drafted a speech to give on election day. On election day, Ted was not elected because people liked Bob better.
Every night there'd be a call from an unidentified number at midnight. Ed's brother decided he didn't really want the phone, after all. Ed put it back in the gutter where he found it.
He threw the package in the recycling bin. To his delight, it even had a cool blue tint to it. Sam called Amazon and was able to get another one.
Coach has asked Dan to host a special event for him the last 12 years. Dan always says no but agreed to this year if Harvard Men's advances. Harvard Mens advanced and now Dan has to host the event on April 30th.
Earlier I only had one, so I had to quickly rush to the store to buy some more. I bought some mechanical pencils from the store too. I made it to the test on time with plenty of pencils.
Joe asked the neighbors if they would pay him to mow the lawn. They agreed and he got the money. Joe was able to buy a bike.
He started taking the lessons when he was 16. He remembered on his first solo flight, the plane's engines stopped. Luckily his grandfather had taught him well and he was able to calmly glide to the ground.
Her dad told her not to but she decided to eat some anyway. Her dad got furious when he saw she ate almost all the icing. He told Janet that she was going to get sick.
My friends were amazed at how good the fighting scenes were. They thought the director did a really good job, and acting was great. It was a fun night even though I didn't like the movie.
As Jane sipped it, she got tipsy in front of her friend. When Jane went into the restroom, her friend went to the bar. She asked the bartender to make what Jane was drinking.
I no longer had to worry about getting admitted to college. Free from fear, I applied to many colleges. I was happy when I received a scholarship!
A piece of dust got in her eye when it blew off the countertop while she was mopping. She ran to the bathroom. She washed it out but her eye remained red.
The boys at school call her the lovely princess. People are so nice. I wish I was a lovely princess so I could make them like me!
The next day, Jan came to school grumpy. He was grounded by his parents and his car caught a flat tire. I couldn't resist laughing at him.
The owner was delighted to have us over to fish and joined us. Once we arrived, he loaned us some poles and we spent some time fishing for bass. It didn't take long before we caught one!
On the way to their destination, the food started to smell. Matt was upset. They went to a store and bought more food.
But Avery had tantrums on their way to the store. Lulu got annoyed and decided to go home. When they got home she scolded Avery.
Grandma hoped that Vinny might change his mind. When Vinny came over, Grandma gave him a big hug. Vinny was so excited that he forgave his uncle right away!
She got her first job this year. She had enough money to buy them one. Though she didn't celebrate, her parents gratefully accepted the gift.
The storm was still going, but he realized that the power outage was fixed. He had his family put away the candles and flashlights. Luckily, the storm passed and the power didn't go back out.
One day John found Eric on Facebook and sent him a friend request. Eric was happy to accept Jhon. They soon became great friends again.
She met many new friends who invited her to drive into New York. That night, they all drove into the city and ate dinner. After the trip, Georgia continued to stay friends with the group.
He said I had the flu. He gave me some medicine. I overcame the flu within the week.
Unfortunately, she didn't schedule her new job interview well. Emily missed it for Black Friday. Now Emily is frantically trying to earn at least $400 on mturk.
The other chose games based on the strength. The tournament played out and we were shocked at the results. My son with another strategy won by a huge margin.
One day, her parents said she could move back home. Ernestine planned to meet them back at the farm. As she approached the farm, Syd abruptly turned and walked away.
Jonah was very sad because it was his mother's favorite tablecloth; Jonah's mother was not angry. She used a cloth to wipe the crayon away.
After a month of searching, he found another job. Ky was excited. He believed his skills would get him a promotion this time.
Some men were aiming long pointed sticks at each other! He learned that it was called jousting. Ed thought jousting was fascinating!
He was very happy. Jason marched to the store. He bought something that he had wanted for a while.
On the paper was a love note. She was angry and didn't care who it was from. Then, her neighbor appeared and yelled that he had left it.
He would never be strong and buff. He didn't join a fighting league. He never was fighting on national TV.
James stepped back to throw the football. The pass sprained some of his fingers. James had to sit out the rest of the game with a sore hand.
It was also uncooked. It was ice cold. Lucy had to heat it up.
Colin didn't know what made him happier. Was it seeing his wife and child? Or that they had put food on the table?
She quickly washed herself with a wet cloth. She scrubbed her body and tied her hair back. She felt a little better and not so grungy afterwards.
But she remembered she really needed vacuumed up this mess, she heard a loud grinding noise. And the vacuum stopped working. Kim was devastated.
When she walked in, she saw a girl from her son's school that she doesn't like. The girl yelled at her from across the kitchen, but Linda ignored her. She hurriedly got her flour and milk and left.
She went to the store with her mother. She found a tie with little terriers on it. It would be the perfect tie for his burial.
But an argument started instead, and he ended up hitting her on the face. In addition, several tables were broken as they fought. My father made an announcement in order to cancel the party.
When she was called, she stood confidently. The questions were easy for her. Grace scored very well on her oral exam.
But my cat keeps sneaking a peek at the window. One day the cat accidentally dropped one of my figurines. I got frustrated and scolded the cat.
He heard that American Idol auditions were being held nearby. Brian wanted to go and auditioned for the show. He didn't because he thought the judges would laugh at him and wouldn't be impressed at all.
She went and laid in bed for a while. Unfortunately, she fell asleep. By the time she woke up, the day was almost over.
When he finally went out, he encountered a much younger woman in her early 60s. They started to talk and ended up liking each other. Fast forward a few months and now they are engaged.
Previously the doctor was advised he take a break from work. John decided to relax at home for the week. He was soon back to his vibrant self.
Gina hoped her grandmother would offer her some. But her grandmother was afraid she would ruin her appetite for dinner. Gina needed to wait for her grandpa to return home so they could have dinner first.
But eventually they say they have to speak to him. It turned out all they wanted was a job reference for an old Navy buddy of Jack's. Jack is relieved.
But I came back and grabbed them up, and wrapped them in a scarf I had with me. I took them home, bathed them,  and fed them milk and chicken. I've had them for seven Years now, and they are my best buddy.
Xavier spent the whole week complaining how hard it was. It was not counted as his credit. Xavier really quit after a week of difficulty..
Her aunt passed by her after the ceremony. Ann frowned when she realized she was caught by the bride and groom. She had a terrible time acting up at the wedding!
Unfortunately, the dish sponge had seen better days He squirted dish soap on the wet sponge to put in the microwave After 30 seconds, the dish sponge was like new again
He blew the train whistle to alert them. The train refused to move. The conductor also didn't move because he didn't know to do.
We found out the store had moved locations. A kind old man showed us the way. I was pleased when the GPS became popular.
His car was seriously damaged. He wasn't able to finish his deliveries Luckily he wasn't hurt
Nick went to the store to pick it up. It's a much faster smartphone. Nick is much happier with his new device.
And it was hot! Both of them praised the restaurant. And they left a huge tip.
They put candles on it, but it they sank into the cake. Despite this, Charles was so happy for his birthday cake. Now he gets cake instead of pudding every year.
Then, I got to lunch, and I spilt my milk all over my new dress. I went to clean off the milk and I found a twenty dollar bill. When I walked out I had a big smile, and I had a great day after that.
There, he sat and enjoyed his sandwich. Ben was very full. He went back to what he was doing.
When she awoke on Friday, it was 55 minutes past her exam time. She rushed as quick as possible to her classroom to find it empty. The professor had already left campus for the day.
She gave Andy a note to meet her behind the gym after school. Sue waited and waited behind the gym but Andy never showed up. Later she found out that Andy liked her and was too nervous to come.
I then considered writing a cookbook. My roommate told me I could sell it on the internet. The internet turned out to be a wonderful place to sell cookbooks.
Mary spent most of that day squirrel watching. When she returned home she researched squirrel watching on the internet. That was several years ago and Mary is still an avid  squirrel watcher.
She asked her friends to come with her. They agreed and excitedly came with Emily. They had a fun time at the beach.
Ed was so relieved he didn't miss it. He had to dress warmly that day. Ed would've been forced to walk the mile to school if he'd missed the bus.
Mike jumped out of bed for nothing. He began to look for tax forms when he remembered they were already done. Fortunately, Mike remembered so waited for his refund.
Naturally, the market collapsed. But thankfully my bonds were safe. I decided that the stock market wasn't for me.
Since Nancy was afraid of heights, she never rode a roller coaster. Nancy trusted Greg, though, so she accepted his offer. Together, Greg and Nancy went on the roller coaster.
His foot was hurting too, so he took off his shoe. Bob noticed that a blister has formed on his toe. Bob put blister lotion on his toe when he arrived home.
When the chef gave her her order for the table, she took a bite. It was rather chewy but actually delicious. Rachel suddenly can't breathe.
Sal avoided the pet store, but on his way to work he heard noise in an alley. Looking in the alley, he found a skinny, filthy cat. Sal couldn't leave him, so he took the cat home and soon the two were best friends.
Just kidding, football games and tailgating are just one example. The South is rich in history. However, the South is usually made fun of for many things too.
Aubrey didn't spot her old friend Mary across the aisle. She didn't run and give her a big hug. Aubrey and her boyfriend danced together all night.
He wanted to get a promotion. Jim finally got the courage one day and asked for a promotion. Jim asked every day and was good enough to get a promotion.
They left for their trip in March. Mary and Fred visited major areas during the vacation. They had a great time and looked forward to their next adventure.
Pat settled on trying out classical music. He went through a few weeks of classes. Pat's piano skills have gone from beginner to intermediate.
He set up a schedule to work out every day. John made this commitment and didn't take it seriously. He couldn't see a difference in his physique after two weeks.
People saw his attempts to draw new business, but they ignored them. The next week business dropped off even further. The bar owner had to close his business down.
He planned to ask her to marry him, and bought a ring. He went home early to prepare but found Angel in bed with a man. Adam was heartbroken but quickly ended the relationship.
As soon as Jan's friend stepped on the ice, she fell. Everyone went completely silent. Jan started laughing hysterically at her friend's clumsiness.
His mom turned out the lights. Johnny heard a clap of thunder in the distance. Johnny didn't mind the thunder and went to sleep.
He decided to research different breeds online. Hillary went to the Adoption Center and saw several choices. After weeks of thinking, he decided to go with a 13 week old lab mix.
He went to Mary's house with his cake. He gave her the cake, Mary told Sam to go home.
We made lots of money on different business adventures. Matt ended up being my lover. I figured out, love is everything in life.
As soon as they logged in, ally found about four pairs of shoes. Each one was guaranteed to fit perfectly. Jill ended up buying all of them for her.
He started handing out flyers on the street near his restaurant in order to hire more workers. New employees started coming in. Timmy was overjoyed he would be able to serve all of his customers.
Tom and Bill began punching eachother. They discovered they hate eachother. They decided to never speak again that night.
Suddenly everyone came and ate some gumbo then went back for more! After lunch, everyone helped clean the dishes. Grandma Jenkins delighted in her time spent with family.
On Saturday morning, she cut the cakes into slices, then placed the slices on plates with the other goodies. By noon all the baked goods were sold. The chorus had raised nearly half of what they needed in one day!
She felt nothing when she saw her parents in the audience. The contest came down to May and another girl. May won the spelling bee when the other girl missed the word irony.
She could not see where it went. She looked everywhere and almost gave up. But then the family dog sniffed it out and the ball was found.
They walked around afterwards and found a $20 bill lying on the ground. They picked it up and decided to split it. They spent the money on drinks later.
I tried to have a walk with her. Unfortunately, we ended up getting stung by bees. She was happy that I at least tried.
After sharing her 100th story with her dad Bob, he started to get annoyed. He warned her to never share another story with him again. She did anyway and he beat her up for ignoring him.
The note asked Cindy for a date. Cindy read it and wrote him a note back. Cindy's note said yes!
They debated what to do for vacation They finally found the perfect compromise. Sixteen family members made the cruise with Susan and wifey.
Finally a coworker convinces her to stop and drink iced coffee through a straw. Juanita begins drinking iced coffee every day at work. Now Juanita no longer feels unhealthy when she is at work.
He blew the train whistle to get the cat's attention. The cat heard and began to move off the tracks. The cat wasn't fast enough and the last bit of its tail was severed.
She's not here to do that for me anymore, though. So instead I bought a new bear. Today again I run the needle through and stitch.
His mom called the district office to get registration information. She gathered all the coursework to get him started. Charles is all ready to start kindergarten now.
She put on the dress to wear to school. Marie walked proudly into class wearing the donated dress. Another girl snickered and said that was her old dress.
He decided pay the gardener extra. He  thanked him. After it was finished, it looks good now.
Since Mary blocked them the problem stopped. She is very careful about whom she gives her number to. Ironically, she felt more loved when she received all the calls.
Brian went along with him to the store and bought some seedlings. Brian saw him plant a pine tree in his front yard. Now Brian's yard is slightly more exciting.
Later, she developed hives. The doctor said it was an allergic reaction to pork. She doesn't eat the pork siomai anymore when they do Dim Sum.
She walked by there last week only to find out that they closed down. She was told that a Mexican restaurant is opening up there next week. Jennifer will now have to force herself to like Mexican food.
He needed to find some way to get to his appointment. He noticed his bus schedule in the drawer. Then, he decided to wait for the bus to go to the appointment.
She expected it when he agreed. Gina hung up the phone happy. She was happy it had turned out well.
He arrives on time and is busy immediately. Happy about this, he calls his clients. Roberts company got great reviews and he was happy.
He walked down to the water to toss lunch scraps to it. But a big one started chasing him to get to it. He didn't feed the geese after that.
Her bags came around the carousel and he helped her get her bags. They ended up talking. It turns out they hit it off and got married a year later.
She realized that she couldn't afford to buy groceries. She let one of her bosses know. Luckily, they were able to help her out.
The dishes began to dry. She wore gloves and a face mask and put away her dishes. She learned to be more mindful of her cleaning habits in the future.
The store didn't have those type anymore. He looked online. They were too expensive so he just got a different one.
The dog saw a squirrel and yanked on the leash to try to chase it. Mary got startled and frantically pulled on the leash to control her dog. Her dog was barking very hard at the squirrel in the distance.
In an attempt to cheer up, she went for a walk in the park. While she was there, she met a jewelry designer named Kurt. They became friends, and he made her a ring just like her old one.
He also helped children with food. It was very difficult sometimes. But Neil felt he grew from his experiences in Gaza.
When Drew looked inside, he saw luxurious items on exhibit. A museum worker appeared and asked if they wanted anything. Pam told him no and took Drew to the other exhibit.
He prepares by working out. Emmerson has stretched and scouted the course. Emerson wins the tournament.
After six years his parents were stable, but he missed the farm. His cornfields had all lain fallow for over half a decade. But the rest had made them fertile, and that year his old corn grew tall!
In addition, it turned her umbrella inside out. She flew into a puddle. Luckily her belongings didn't get soaked.
He rushed to the hospital and his family was all there. They waited and prayed for their family member. Unfortunately, the cousin ended up passing away that night.
He thought to himself that he should just accept the desk job and make some money. Ultimately he decided on a security guard job at a store. After a year, he realized he liked this job more and stuck with it.
The only suit he liked was secondhand. He bought the suit and gifted it to his dad. And his dad loved the suit just as much as if it were brand new!
They told him they had extras they needed to get rid of. He turned down their offer because the price was bad and he knew it was too good to be true. He had heard of such scams online before.
However, Olivia decided she needed space. While she took time for herself she met someone. Olivia then broke up with Alex.
I decided to try to make my own healthy kind. I am saving a lot of money making my own. I am thinking of starting a business selling my healthy fruit snacks.
The man liked all the respect that it brought him. Even after he worked there for years he was still feared. This confused the entire company.
He didn't even tell his best friend Charles, that he liked Katrina. The next day he saw Charles flirting with Katrina. He wishes he would have told him so he wouldn't have talked to her, because now Katrina likes his best friend.
Gray decided to join a team. He gathered his friends and had them try out. Soon the baseball team was practicing every week!
From a corner of the house she heard a noise. When she investigated the noise she found a her kitten was wounded. She saved the kitten that day and the two were always together.
She saved up until she could afford the eco-friendly train pass. Then she headed right to the train station to buy it. Ana felt so good about her eco-friendliness.
Belle ate a lot of chips and dip. And she decided to get more food. But as she approached the kitchen, people began to stare at her.
Until that summer Rashida's hottest memory was her in a t-shirt. Rachida didn't even own tank tops when she moved. She quickly found out what a hot summer was all about.
We have a small slide that's not terrifying. I go down and land in the pool! I survived the small slide and was ready for more.
I had already saved up about five hundred dollars. I went to the local best buy store. I bought a very nice new TV since I didn't need a laptop anymore.
He sat down at a nickel slot machine. The first spin he won $5. Bob bet all of his nickels at once and lost everything.
He felt that his work was too inconclusive to share with the world. He took his notes and went out behind his lab. He dug a deep hole and buried everything.
Jon did not end up liking his time at the school. Jon decided to more carefully pick a school to transfer to. Jon still loved horses even after picking a bad school.
She broke the yolk, then had an idea. She flipped the eggs into a fluffy omelet. Her breakfast was perfect after all!
No people and animals were displaced during the storm. As a result, Alex adopted a dog orphaned in the storm in another area. Sometimes good things can happen even during tragic events.
I had to take my sweater off. The temperature kept on rising so I decided to change clothes. I was feeling much better we cooked some food after that.
But at her new school, everyone was very friendly. Her classmates were kind and inquisitive. After only one day at school, Beth had made dozens of friends!
He used a friend's car to ride to the repair shop. The repair shop was able to find a solution pretty easily and it worked perfectly. Robert was glad he hadn't spent his money unnecessarily.
Suddenly, the electricity went out. Laura could not see a thing. Quickly she was able to reset the breaker and could see again.
The battery was almost depleted and didn't work anymore. Phil got angry and threw the phone. It broke and became completely dead.
He got on stage and took a deep breath at his piano ready to fail. All of a sudden a fire alarm went off. Everyone had to leave the auditorium and the recital was cancelled.
The kids's hands were put into plates of food. Dan would have known the eyeballs were grapes and the brains spaghetti. He wouldn't have played along and gasped with the others.
Kim decided to look for a job to earn more money. She looked on-line at many employers. Kim was hired to a job and saved enough money for an even better car.
Her cat walked by and gave her a funny look. The girl waved the stick and tried a spell on the cat. The cat just purred and rubbed against her.
She felt like she was cheating on Josh by liking Jamie. But each time she saw him she knew she liked him. She didn't really have to choose, since only Jamie seemed to like her.
For three weeks she was out of town. Suddenly, Anita meets a guy she likes on the trip. Charles was very hurt because that guy was like Charles' father.
One day, she got her other friend Katie to come to the shelter so she didn't have to do as much with the animals Katie loved dogs and cats too and fit in great at the shelter Katie took a dog home with her because she loved it so much
It had a sign out front saying to come in. Joe took it as a sign and climbed inside. Once there he found it was filled with gold and he died a happy man.
He only had a little change in his pocket. He brought a candy bar to the clerk and tried to pay for it. Tim didn't end up getting it because he didn't have enough change to afford it.
He was blocking the sidewalk. He had a guitar case out in front of him with money in it. I put a few dollars in his guitar case.
Joe was upset. It turns out his laptop wasn't working. He had to buy a new one but it was working perfectly.
She was just about to give up hope when she heard barking from nearby and saw her friend walking up. She ran over to her friend and found Fido! Jane cried in joy as she hugged her dog.
Suddenly, someone knocked on the window. It was some kid who thought he was funny. Shawn told him to go away.
I  got hit on the side by his car. My car drove into the forest. It landed in the water.
Gina didn't want to go with, but without them she was bored. She called her aunt's house to find out when they would return. When she heard the music blaring she knew it was no time soon.
David started washing his blankets more often. David also used a new towel after showering more often. After a couple months, David's skin looked great.
This hasn't been very helpful for me. When my wife cooks I want to feed the dog her food. The dog won't eat it either!
Suddenly, Sandy's grandpa got a bite. He had her reel the fish in and she struggled to pull it out of the water. Finally, she was victorious, and held her prize proudly.
He decided to pretend like he was sick. Jimmy played the video game on an old system at home. He was really glad he was still able to play the game.
He realized he could make money by selling drugs. Dominick started making good money with the help of his gang. He realized selling drugs was not good for his brain and physical safety.
He never accidentally shot an endangered eagle because he was dead. Nobody saw him do it. The bird took his body home and ate it, with a side of potatoes.
As she is walking in the ocean she steps on a starfish! It surprises her and she jumps back with a shriek. Jenna decides that the beach is no longer a relaxing place.
Her boss scolded her, and Nicole got fired. Nicole realized there were better ways to deal with rude customers. She wouldn't make such a bad decision again.
Then they slathered the fish in tartar sauce. They ate their hot tender meal outside. Ed's cookout was a great success!
There was a class climbing the ropes. Gina wanted to join them. So she decided to join the class.
As much as I wanted to be leader, I gave up the role. The leader ensured that everyone performed their role properly. In addition, the leader led us to getting a good grade.
He decided to go to the eye doctor and get contacts. He wore them to school, and everyone laughed. Now that his thick glasses were gone, they still picked on Nic!
The ham was golden brown with crispy skin, Ryan's favorite part. His brother grabbed the crispiest piece of skin before Ryan got it. Ryan stole it off his brother's plate and ate it.
He decided to call his mother's phone. He heard the phone ring. Brandon talked on his phone and sat on the couch.
A car pulled up and the window rolled down. An elderly lady wanted to help Lucy. Lucy thought she was her friend for the first time in hours.
They walked by the marchers that came by playing drums. Some of them even threw candy. Ann and her son really didn't like the parade.
He saw a small, red cardinal holding still. He picked her up and took her inside. He got her a bird cage and has kept her as a pet ever since.
She walked alone to the bathroom in the school. She went into a stall and brushed the sand into the toilet, trying not to cry. But she knew she would cry once she left the bathroom.
But Sasha only wanted to get some of this girl's toys. The girl soon realized that some of them were missing. Sasha's friend was crushed and wished she had never met her.
Ken took a running start and jumped as far as he could. He only made it quarter of the way and created a terrific splash. He was soaking wet on his walk back home.
She didn't want to invite him to the park with her. She remembered something soon after. He had to go to work, she was relieved.
On the big day, Hannah did as many push ups as she could. Sadly, she could not set a new world record. Hannah has given up on her dream.
Today they held the elevator door for me. They also pushed my button for my floor. As I left I complimented their mom about the kids' jumping abilities.
He ended up buying so much chocolate to eat himself. By noon he had eaten six bags of pink and white M&M's. And at noon he had six bags worth of pink and white throw up.
I sent it out this evening. I'm moving and I need to downsize. Now I'm regretting not trying to find someone to gift it to.
He could feel right away that there was something wrong with the bike breaks. The front break had come loose when he swerved. He had to walk the bike home.
The beer went everywhere. I tried getting out but it was stained. I felt terrible.
She drowned her sorrows at a party. She had too much to drink at her party. Luckily she learned her lesson and won't do it again.
Outside the kids were running around playing. It was worse there than in the house. She decided it would be best to stay in the closet.
She found some ugly ones. She found some cute ones. But she decided to get him a card about how much he farts.
They laced up the skates and got on to the ice. Arthur and his girlfriend both fell flat on their butts! With some practice, they decided they really enjoyed skating.
He stepped over junk in his father's yard and went in. It was finally time to clean up the house It was going to take a long time.
She got home in time just a little before her curfew. Her mom was waiting up for her. She praised Amy and allowed her to stay out later past her curfew for the next two weeks.
However, Brittany hardly ever asked her. It made Tiffany sad until Brittany texted her, asking for money. Tiffany smiled as she deleted the text.
Mike was instructed to invest in a sleep mask. He bought a sleep mask and used it. He was waking up well rested and without any pain.
He then took a taxi to a coffee shop. But, the taxi got into a car accident. Bob ended up in the hospital instead.
Her dog got loose from his leash and ran towards the dead rabbit. Tara's dog got the dead rabbit by the mouth and ran all over. Eventually Tara's dog got tired and came back to her.
When they got them they got great seats. The girl and her dad ended loving the movie. When it was over they wanted to see it again.
One day, the housekeeper noticed the closet was slightly ajar. She peeked into the closet and found bondage gear. From that day forth, she thought Jane was somewhat eccentric.
She ate so quickly that she made herself sick. She realized the pasta smell reminded her of the dentist office. She wasn't able to eat pasta for a decade afterwards.
But first, I took pictures of pretty birds, a blue lake and strange people. I placed the pictures in a video editing program to make a short film. You can see the final result of my idea in a filmclip on YouTube.
Amy was excited for the chance to get a new job. Amy paid attention and worked hard to become a cashier. It pleased her to be complimented for being a fast learner.
Alissa didn't have to go in for surgery and get her tonsils out. After her recovery, she wasn't off from work and could eat more than ice cream. Alissa went back to work the next day feeling better.
Then she immediately held and taught Ann to paddle and kick her legs properly. She let And practice in the shallow end at first. But soon Ann and Hana were swimming laps together!
So I decided to get a full-time job to pay for my many bills. After a month, I'd secured gainful employment. Thankfully, it paid for all of my expenses with some money left over.
But the boy kept turning away. She tried to remember why she was angry and keep her face screwed. But after 5 minutes she was tired of holding the mean face.
The one thing I hate about going there though is the traffic. The traffic is so long. When I get there, it's not even worth the long wait.
She went falling back and landed on the back of her head. She actually broke her tailbone. Joseph realized it was bad and immediately apologized.
A cop turned on his lights and siren. He gave me a ticket for going under the limit. Now I get up earlier when I have to go to work.
He would slip and try to catch himself on the ice with his hands. It took him 50 minutes to unstick his gloves from the ice. Ted never leaves home without his new ice proof gloves.
Noel finally found a doctor through his friend and told the doctor he had trouble sleeping. The doctor gave Noel a card to by medical Marijuana so he could sleep. Noel legally bought marijuana in California and was stoked.
The repair took three hours. Thankfully when it was done she was able to get to work. The bad thing was that her boss was unhappy.
She baked dozens of cupcakes for them. When Brandy's friends arrived, she was so happy. She knew her friends cared about her because she worked so hard.
His neighbor would have suggested that Larry use a certain fertilizer. Larry would have bought the fertilizer and applied it. Larry's grass then would have grown lush and green like his neighbor's.
He went to the bathroom and he looked very bad. He decided to hide while people took their photos. When it was over, Ted went to class uncomfortably.
But the party called his friend at least three times a day. They called his friend in class and at work asking for commitments. Charles' friend called them demagogues and said stop calling.
Jeremy decided to sign up with his friends. They created a castle with a modern look, everyone paid attention to it. An impartial judge ruled that Jeremy won the contest.
One night he had a performance in a theater in Las Vegas. His personal waitress kept his glass filled with water. Mario was sober and energetic and excelled during his performance.
He quickly made a quick snack. He put on his casual clothes. Chuck drove to the post office.
He drove really fast back home. When he got there he ran in to get his guitar pick, guitar and amp . He went back to his friend's and they jammed for hours.
One day, Tom filled his pocket with worthless slugs. He planned to give the handful of slugs to the first hobo that asked. But as usual, no one asked for any change.
For some reason, her mom actually said yes. She went and made Julie a really nice salad. Then, she let Julie eat it on the couch.
I offered my niece $5 to eat a black egg. She almost refused at first, but she ate it and loved it. I bought her $10 worth for her dinner.
Dan got out his wallet and tried to pay them anyway. His wife looked at him oddly for it. Dan shrugged and pointed out that he felt bad.
He came across a leather bound journal, full of boring symbols. Richard had a good friend who was a linguistics professor. He wouldn't take the journal for analysis.
She had surgery to reduce the size of her nose. Still no one liked her nose after the surgery. She found out that it wasn't her nose that people didn't like.
It turned out Tom was already at the mall and waiting for Jane. Tom and Jane met in the food court and began shopping. They had a great day together and planned to do it again soon.
Timmy ate his entire plate of broccoli. His father surprised him with a new skateboard. Timmy rode his skateboard all around his neighborhood.
He learned it in Geology class. Charles boarded his boat. Charles do it almost everyday.
Sometimes Pickles left rats in Barney's bed. This made Barney jovial and he thought it was cute. Barney still has a cat.
I decided to stop using electricity. I bought candles instead. My next bill was very affordable!
He learned that people who lift weights train muscles. He learned that people who like calisthenics train movements. He improved his functional movement and health due to his training.
In the morning, he slept up to his alarm. He woke up two hours before his appointment. He didn't have to call and reschedule.
I paddle my surfboard out into the ocean. I stand up on the board. I catch a wave.
He never had anyone to play with. However he decided to study. He ended up getting an A on the test.
She told him to get a frozen pizza instead. He thought it was a good idea. But then he realized he had to cook it.
It was eating carrots right out of their garden! They weren't sure what to do. The coyote grabbed another carrot before running off.
Even though she had studied her notes carefully. The next time her friend was sick, she gave him her notes. She was glad to be able to help him out.
She learned vocals so she could make music like her. Her mother told her that music was a lazy career. Jane knew it was hard work, but persevered with her idols in mind.
I went over to pet it. It was looking at a box on the ground. I asked the owner where he got her.
She ordered a triple scoop strawberry ice cream cone. Strawberry was her favorite fruit so she loved it. The Ice cream was the perfect treat to cool a hot summer day.
Later he had to go to the doctor and his lung function was tested. Dan discovered he had asthma If he would have went to the academy he would have been discharged.
In the meantime, he's been working at Starbucks. It's been tough for him. But hopefully soon he'll get an interview.
He knew missing kids ended up on the back of milk cartons. He didn't have a new photo for his parents to use. He knew the friends would see the embarrassing photos and turned around and went home.
I was so happy I could barely sleep. Finally, I got online and discovered Mturk and started making money. I'm so relieved to be able to fix the heat pump and gave the repairman some tips.
However, her sleeve snagged on something and wrecked her performance. Natalia's leotard didn't get in the way and allowed for easy movement. She left Abbie in the dust, teaching her to let go of such irrationality.
Joe dreamed of visiting the local zoo. Joe really enjoyed riding a flying elephant in the dream. When he awoke he went to a store to purchase a dumbo souvenir for decoration.
His favorite sweet was cookies. So she made him very angry. Alex was so furious and disliked it.
Sue and her friends planned their vacation after finishing the exams. They packed up their bags and drove to an airport. They hopped on an airplane and she finished the papers on vacation.
Then I went back and find another turntable then I put it up on eBay. It sold for $20. I have looking for turntables ever since.
The next day, flecks of ash rained down all around like snow. In the distance, a deep crimson glow gave tell to an active volcano. The news ran stories on it for many weeks.
She looked up several likely shelters and visited them. Sarah adopted a dog. Sarah is much less anxious now.
Mary stopped and sat down on the car seat to rest. Mary looked at the floorboard and saw a rattlesnake. Tommy grabbed Mary's hand and got her away from the snake quickly.
I didn't sleep very well that week. I survived the exams. Then I slept for two days straight.
When he got there, he grabbed his wallet and went back to the orchard. Ted picked two buckets of apples. He paid and went home to bake a pie.
But on Christmas, her mother presented her with a huge box! She opened it, and found another box - and another and another. Inside the eighth box was the exact ring she had wanted!
We decided to take it down because the leaves were causing too much of a mess. It took a few hours of cutting and some planning. Eventually we took it down without hurting anybody.
The mom always won but this year was different. Little Susie used only the best lemon zest and finest sugar. Susie won this year, to her mom's dismay.
Luckily his friend, Harry, gave him prudent investment advice for the money. Fred opened a retirement account as soon as he could. He wasn't very excited, but knew it was wise.
One day his friend Alex came over and wanted to play. They played the game quietly to avoid being caught. They quickly pretended to be reading when Rob's mom came home
The cop demanded that Jim show all his watches or be arrested. Jim had insisted his innocence and offered the cop a watch in good faith. The cop had realized when he took Jim's nicest watch, none of them worked and let Jim go on his way.
Annie arrived just when a baby calf was being born. She was angry because her uncle wouldn't let her in the barn. Annie pushed past to see the calf lying dead in the hay.
His plan was to mail it to us exactly thirty years from when we wrote it. I thought it was a very cool idea at the time. Alas, 43 year old me would find out that 13 year old me was an idiot.
He was miserable. Trevor tried to sing the blues about his miserable life. The tune sounded okay but the soul just wasn't there.
One day, they decided to do something together. They fished all day. They caught many fish, and had a great dinner that night.
While his mom was walking down a path, a car came by and hit her. David felt terrible. David took his mom to the hospital.
Next day, he went over to the poker tables and lost thousands. Right before heading back home he went over and played the slots. On his first roll he hit the jackpot and won a million dollars!
When she went to the carnival she was stoked. She couldn't believe how fabulous it was. At the end she got to meet the owners.
It was a warning, a tornado had been spotted. Quickly she made her way to the basement. Just in time too.
That's when she realized she just brought a few of them in on her shoes. She sprayed the doorway with ant spray, just in case. Then, she cleaned it up and hoped that there wouldn't be any more.
Ella knew from the start that kitten was the perfect match for her. Ella was really happy with her new kitten. she found the perfect soft, loving little kitty she always wanted.
She began practicing everyday. She hired a vocal coach. She realized she wasn't a good singer and decided to no longer pursue her dreams of becoming a professional singer.
When Christiane visits, Joe spends lots of money on taking her out. Last time, Joe did not have enough money to pay for his prescription. I lent Joe money until he gets a job.
But her favorite thing was to cook, and it was a huge stress reliever. She thought of cooking and sell plates for twenty dollars. She built her own successful cooking business for the locals and quit her new job.
Instead, he carefully explained why she was being let go. They shook hands. Sadly, Ramona cleaned out her desk and left the office for good.
She finally found a woman who had written a book willing to teach her. After many months and a lot of practice Fran learned sewing. After 2 years Fran was able to sew her own clothes.
Last night, he made a plan to stop and get some the next day. This morning he left and bought a cigar from Walmart. Outside it started to rain and the water ruined his cigar.
Because she found she had none in her fridge or freezer. And She ran down to the nearest store but they were closed. She ended up finding none even at the nearest 7-11.
So I bought a squirrel guard yesterday. It's a metal dome that protects the food. Today, I will finally get to eat uninterrupted.
In class, they were not making jokes about homosexuals. In the hall, they never pointed at Maria and laughed. Maria was grateful for her friends.
Ralph moved his family into a new neighborhood. To his surprise, it was a drug-ridden neighborhood. Ralph was able to keep his family secure.
The teacher thought they copied from each other. Their teacher failed both of them. And John and Sarah could do nothing about it.
He went ahead to schedule the trip. Once he opened his cabin he was ecstatic! The cabin was filled with beautiful decor and had a welcoming presence.
She mentioned having big news. When I got home I congratulated her on her pregnancy. Unfortunately that wasn't her big news.
She continued to save money for it for whenever she found one. Soon, she found one and she had enough to buy it. Now, Gabby has a nice new laptop to use.
She began Jazzercising. People began looking at her. People looked at her like she was crazy.
He looked all over the living room and under the furniture. He gave up and went to the bathroom to poop. Jeremy found his remote where his son left it, in the toilet!
They saw a ship coming closer. Cannonballs started shooting past them. Steve and Sandra ran terrified into the house.
Malek decided to pay her next bill for her. He also told her that she didn't need to pay him back. Sally got excited and hugged Malek.
She tried to surf around it. Briana fell and was was stung by it. She escaped but was scared of surfing again.
However, she remembered she had a credit card in her wallet. The cashier told her that they didn't accept credit cards. Nancy was mad and walked away.
She decided to start dieting. Then she drank a large glass of water to fill her stomach. Anna started to lose weight!
I took out the lawnmower from the closest. Since the lawn needed to be cut down, I decided to cut the grass. Despite not wanting to, my mom gave me the money.
Chris suggested Karaoke. Jesse agreed with Chris' suggestion. They bought a karaoke machine and had a great time.
They kept their belongings unpacked and stayed home for days. After a long sleep, they stayed in their house near each other. Kyle and his family walked around the house and took pictures.
It was nice not having to go to the neighborhood store. I quickly went outside to watch the eclipse with everyone. The eclipse started to occur and the whole family enjoyed the show.
The falls light up with all the colors of the rainbow on the barrels. Last year the falls had very bright and vibrant lighting. The Jackson's can not wait to see what the colors will be on the barrels this year.
But since he was born, everybody has loved him. Ron's posters are all over the music retail store. He has a bright future!
While looking out the window, she realized she didn't recognize her location. She asked the driver where they were. The driver informed her they were in the Amazon, far from Natal.
I also posted my treasures with Rebay dot com. Most of the items have sold. There may be Etailer dreams for me in the future.
Then, she decided to leave and go somewhere else in her house. Finally, it was time to check on it. Unfortunately, she had burned the beef.
I have about a hundred of them. I learned they don't earn much interest. I'm going to stop buying bonds.
He went to a dealership. He looked around. Last he bought a boat.
But her mom had migraines, so small dogs were out because they barked. Then Nah thought of the perfect pet - a fish tank! She got four fish and loved watching them every day!
He was not able to pay the tuition for any of his siblings. His siblings still looked up to him as a role model. His siblings got Richard a brand new car as a token of faith.
Without it he would have nightmares. One day he was so sleepy that he forgot to turn it on. He realized he was now brave enough to sleep without it.
I mentioned the fact that she always had a positive attitude. In addition, I liked that she always got up early to workout. Everyone agreed to get up at 6am to workout together.
She dreamed of them being at the restaurant holding hands and laughing. She imagined them kissing at the end of the date. The date would have been a success if only she had not got sick.
It was supposed to be arriving soon. He waited for the truck to arrive. He finally got the couch.
Gina was sitting near a window looking into the yard. She saw one of the men strike the other one. Before long the men were having a fist fight in the yard.
The polish dropped on the grass. I immediately rushed clean it up. Unfortunately it would not come out.
Next month, I started the new assignment. When I finished, I tried to turn it in online. The notice says that the submission deadline was yesterday, not today.
But she found cool folders and pencils. She bought 5 different pencils and refused to sharpen them. She didn't want to ruin the design, so she didn't use the pencils.
Her grandma was busy though till the last week. The first day her grandma had very little done. Her grandma ended up staying up 2 days straight to finish on time.
My mom told me to stop chewing gum. My mom cut out a piece of my shirt. My friends at school laughed at my weird shirt.
Linda's knees hurt, so she sat down while she ordered. Linda fell asleep soon after. The doorbell startled her from her nap.
The theater would allow the flirting from time to time. The last time the flirting got out of hand. Cedric is banned from all movie theaters.
She had a fight with her older sister. Tuesday explained what happened. In the end, they were both scolded by their mother.
She couldn't find it and she looked all over for it. Then she saw her black Lab Izzy with some papers in her mouth. It was Jill's math homework.
Suddenly, she was stung by a bee. A stinger went into her ankle. Someone's parents had to help her get it out.
My brother flushed my dessert down the toilet. So I threw his down the drain. Dad was so upset.
Kim found stuff she liked but wanted to browse a bit more. When she found nothing else she decided to buy the stuff she saw first. Luckily she saved them on her cart and was able to buy them.
He said no, so she went and told her teacher he was cheating. The teacher thanked Amy for her honesty. Then, he sent the cheating student to the principal's office.
Also, he was not feeling so well. He called his boss to tell him his condition. His boss was so considerate.
She presented it to the class that morning. While she was waiting to present it, she was so anxious. Finally, she finished presenting it, and her name was added to the trip list.
Her friends tell her she should get some gas before it runs out Stubborn Jen insist she was still good to go until the next town Halfway to the town she had a half tank of gas
At first he just whacked away with his sticks. One day, his teacher caught him and was so impressed with Tim's love for music that he decided to teach him rhythm. After a while, Tim was drumming like a professional!
She tried not to wake up. But as she heard his voice in the background of her mind she couldn't help herself. After she woke, Amy realized Ella was uncomfortable about her feelings and didn't bring it up.
They had spaghetti sauce, and Leslie hurried to put it in. She got the sauce added quickly, and had the meal ready just in time. Leslie and her husband had a lovely dinner together.
He started an equality project in his community. He helped many women. He ended up being voted Man of the Year.
He wanted to ask her out, but he was nervous. Then one day she asked him to stay a little after class. She pulled him aside and shyly asked him for a date!
If goes out the front door from his door to his friends house was slick ice. He carefully and slowly walked with each step cautiously out the back door where it was better. Tom made it to his friends house safely.
Kelly was shocked at one of the pairs that was $75,000. She could not believe her eyes. To her dismay, the woman next to her purchased them.
His boss told him that he wasn't making enough sales per hour. The last place Charles worked for, he was a star salesman. Charles applied for a service position at the same company and is now much less stressed.
Tim took him at his word. He told his friends about it. Tim's classmate kept his word and offered Tim a cookie as an apology after school.
I looked online for some recipes that were healthy. Anytime I cooked I chose healthy options. The next time I saw my doctor he said my tests look healthier.
The caller went asking. The caller asked where everyone was. He hung up and waited for a call back.
When she answered the phone it was her friend. They said they were going to bring over a casserole dish. Kathy thanked her friend in advance for bringing her food.
She decided to google the band to find out more. The top link on google was an article on Wikipedia. Amy read all about them.
The cold and wet blasted around him and made him happy to be wearing his jacket. He spotted where he had left the shovel. Jon scooped it up and raced back inside where it was warmer and dryer.
They would definitely make it! Right as the rain got bad she pulled to the side of the road. The kids were very proud of there mom for saving them!
She finally starts stopping for breaks. She loves stopping for breaks when she goes driving. Now her eyes feel fine, even after very long drives.
Bob decided to fight the disease even harder. Amazingly, Bob recovered in two months. Bob defeated the cancer and lived a healthy life.
One day, one of Sammie's friends came over to play. Everything went as usual until his friend kicked it high into the air! The ball flew far over the wall leaving Sammie sadly with no ball.
I quickly got ready and went to the beach. My waiter was angry and refused to give me service. I realized I needed to be better about being polite to people.
Little did I know that the potato was old and improperly cleaned. I drank the soup and ingested ricin from the potato. I was sent to the emergency room but I lived to tell the tale.
Then a terrible pretzel shortage happened at his local market. Philip couldn't buy any pretzels for weeks. He determined it was the luckiest Christmas ever.
He thought that eating some raw vegetables is good with pizza. He went shopping at the grocery store and bought raw vegetables. John felt his health improve soon after eating the vegetables.
She didn't purchase many different types of probiotics because none of them would work. Kim saved over $200 in 6 months not buying probiotics. She finally gave up and started drinking Kefir.
However, he was digging slow So, he switched over to a much larger shovel. Now Steve was digging much faster.
Kevin's wife was worried when he suddently had a fever 106. They called the doctor, and he said to go to the ER directly. Kevin was rushed into surgery where his inflamed appendix was removed.
He decided to fleece the manager. He told the store manager he had lost a dollar. The store manager gave him some more food for free.
His mom was relieved. She just mildly clean the dirt on his knee. Jamie vowed to be more careful when riding his bike.
Ray really hoped he would make the council! Since no votes were cast, he didn't check the scores. Maybe he'll make it onto the student council committee next time!
Val went to her mom and made herself out as the victim. Val's mom was extremely upset. Val was pleased when her mother decided to visit the principal.
She researched her hair type and what was best to cut it off. June completely changed how she took care of her hair for one year. At the end of the year she had reached her goal of being independent.
The littlest one would try to play games with his siblings while eating He eventually decided to sit down and eat with them. They were all happy and excited to eat together for once.
It was the only dog in the whole shelter that came up to them and barked. They smiled at him and realized he was the right dog for them They took him home and he lived there happily with them.
She had started to venture out of her comfort zone with her plants. She decided to start growing pot. The first leaves of pot showed up that spring.
She was heartbroken! Then a kind neighbor returned her ring! He had seen it lying on the walkway outside.
He also announced everyone's names slowly as they received their diplomas. I grabbed my diploma and a long video was taken with the president. I came down in an impatient manner.
She told her roommate she found her coat. Her roommate said she borrowed it from a friend. Suzy was tempted to take the coat because it was, indeed, cute.
Oswald hated oranges. He hated the customers that were mean to him and tried to steal oranges from him. At the end of the day he would go straight to bed.
There was an accident on the road that slowed down traffic anyway. This made others late to work. When I finally made it to work the next day, no one was there and I was relieved.
But one stormy night, the electricity went out. While the power was out, looters broke into her house. Jen was able to fight them off and wasn't afraid  to be in the dark.
There were three silver-back gorillas and a brown one. Two were sleeping but the other two were active. They were playing with huge tractor tires.
The kids were impatient to go to the zoo. After the game, John drove his kids to the zoo. The kids thought the zoo was not so great at the end of the day.
He disliked useless things and he viewed trash as useless. One day he saw some birds pecking at his trash. He still loved garbage day but realized trash wasn't totally useless.
Jim drank an energy drink. Jim wasn't used to so much caffeine. He felt worse than before.
They decided to jog more miles and make it a contest. They enjoyed it a lot better. It's easier and still burns calories.
But when he wore his headphones, everyone paid much attention. Ray felt that the headphones were too flashy. And he rarely used them afterwards.
I have some subway car and bus photos as well. I was able to get some framed photos. My favorite photo is of a woman boarding a bus at night.
She had a bucket of grain to feed to the goats and baby sheep. One of them tried to get the whole bucket from her! They were not very polite but she guessed they were just hungry.
There were three eggs leaves till on it. I put the branch back on the tree securely. I continued my walk back inside.
She went to a cheaper restaurant and ordered a kids meal. Kim ate her food and enjoyed it very much. She was hungry again less than 2 hours later.
But Amy just walked to her room while stuffing her face. Her father stood at the door, watching her with anger in his eyes. Amy simply ignored him and finished her cake.
One day she meets a terrific man who marries her. A year later she is pregnant with her second baby. Lauren feels elated that she will once again be a mother.
I quickly got to the front and picked out something to eat. I also got a carton of milk. My stomach was happy the rest of the day.
When she walked on the red carpet, many people had already moved on. However, before her eyes, a woman came and threw flour on hear. Kim was shocked and ran off the carpet to get cleaned.
She drank the coffee while it was hot. She burned her tongue when she wasn't paying attention. She had to drink cold water to treat the pain.
Suddenly a man appeared who was yelling and seemed drunk. Jasmine felt really uncomfortable and decided to get away. She crossed the street and the guy gave her no issues.
To her surprise the boy had outgrown the new shoes in 3 years. Amy purchased new shoes a half size larger than needed. She was happy when he was able to wear them for longer.
He prepared for his grad-school interview by practicing with his friend. All of his practice made him feel more prepared. He went to the interview and got into the program.
He gathered up all the ingredients. Karen ate the sandwich. Karen was very satisfied and full.
She didn't ask the teacher for help. The teacher didn't give her help. Kasey tried her bast and made a B.
The next morning, his stomach started to hurt. He went to the kitchen to see if there was anything to eat. He ended up wishing for a cold chicken sandwich.
He knew he had similar interests as the person. They would have gotten along well and would have been great friends. The man wish he befriended his idol.
The fire department arrived but were unable to find a fire. They fixed the fire alarm and told Sally the house was safe. Sally went inside and tried to go back to bed.
He asked all his friends to look for his phone. A boy found it by calling Matthew's mom and telling her to bring it to school. Matthew was relieved to be getting his phone bak.
It had been many years since she last swam! But she jumped in the pool and found something relieving. Swimming, like bike riding, was something you never forgot!
He thought the puppy had a cold. He gave the puppy some medicine. The puppy recovered quickly.
One day he decided to find a cure for his depression. He knew that his feelings were irrational. He found meaning as a preschool teacher and cured his depression.
She twisted her ankle badly. She hopped on her friend's back. He carried her back to get medical treatment.
As she dug through the racks, she noticed a cool coat. She checked the tag and saw that it was almost a fair price. Margaret bought the jacket and wore it immediately.
I remembered everything the test was asking me about. I did my best and was sure I would do good. When I got the test back, I realized I didn't do a good job on the test after all.
Every month she slipped it on and looked in the mirror. Soon her dress looked baggy on her. Nala was proud of her weight loss.
Hailie hoped to pick some Macintosh first. Then she would pick some Gala apples. She was disappointed and pouted all the way home.
He didn't need to knock, and anyway nobody else was home. Then he remembered where his mom hid the spare key. It was under the rock on the porch!
They look everywhere but nobody knows where he is. They finally find him at his favorite bar. They drag the drunk drummer back to the plane.
Gina had been going around the street for a long time. But now that motorcycle had driven on it she wondered if it was open. Gina wanted to check but didn't want to take time to turn around.
Maria felt torn because she wanted the dress for herself. Then she pictured her friend's face when opening the gift. Maria knew what she would do as she bought the dress.
However, Halloween passed and all the candy was on sale. Donna can bought enough candy to last for months. Her coworkers were so excited for all the new treats!
I went to see my dentist. I honestly couldn't remember what I ate for my teeth to hurt. The dentist told me I have a gum disease and need to start flossing.
They came up with a strategy and a formula. They campaigned and gained much support. Donald ended up winning the presidential election.
She began to snore. Her father pulled over to clean the windows. After cleaning the windows, he could see better and they continued driving.
One girl suggested that they watch funny movies too. All of the kids quickly left the closet to pick out a movie. Maya was having so much fun.
He googled how to align the part with the appropriate slot and locked it in. Then he googled how to plug the custom graphics card fans into his power supply. Now, the graphics card was installed and ready to go.
It was lucky it didn't land on the ground. The mommy bird came back to feed the baby. The mommy checked the ground and found a worm and brought it back home.
He also rang people up in the register. He got free ice cream every day for lunch. Neil hated his job.
I had a long walk to make, so I threw my book bag over my shoulder. I hopped over a puddle but landed wrong on the sidewalk, spraining my ankle. The shortcut might have been safer for children.
We then realized our mistake and remembered that we needed to turn the main water back on. We turned the water off while away but now my husband couldn't to use the bathroom. It was not a fun way to find out the water was still shut off.
Since the water had no heat, I was freezing while showering before I wrapped myself I came out shivering and quickly grabbed a towel. I eventually caught a cold throughout the day.
Kate took her idea to a leading computer company. The company loved the micro chip design. Kate successfully sold her design to the company.
Jimmy worked hard and took the management test. Jimmy got a perfect score on his test. Jimmy's father was so proud of him.
In the middle of the drive, an argument got worse. Carly yelled at her mom and got out of the car. Her mom had to apologize and talk to her before they could go.
She called her mom for help. Her mom came over and helped her find it. Later that night, Arlene and her mom found the necklace in her bathroom.
Amy had to learn how recognize produce items at checkout. The process was simple enough as long as you knew the categories. Her first customer Amy used the wrong pricing code, and had to start over.
She decided to go home to relax. She got none of her friends together at her restaurant. The night was a bore.
We scroll through netflix for a short time. We both love to pick movies the other might like. Maybe that's what love is.
This day is starting off okay, he thought. Then the sun came out.. What a great day, he thought to himself.
Surprisingly, her ex-boyfriend showed up at her house. She tried to make him mad by saying that we're together. She simply wanted to see me because she wanted to make him jealous.
We all dressed up in our best disco clothes and headed out. It was a lot of fun with glowing bowling alleys, disco balls, and outfits. We're planning on going again next week.
His longterm girlfriend told him she got a surprise. Wade more confused than ever asked her why. She said as his woman crush she give him a surprise.
He posted some photos on Facebook. My wife said she would like to go there sometime. We made plans to go in the spring.
Shane agreed to join but vowed to never try a ride. No matter what they say, Shane didn't try to ride the roller coaster. Shane patiently waiter for her cousins to finish the ride.
In addition, he whispered to them what did they do wrong on the test. He told the class that their mistakes were unacceptable. Throughout the rest of the day, the whole class felt embarrassed.
But the doctor called him and the physical went well, and Bob was healthy. The doctor then asked if he had a flu shot recently, Zach said no. Then he pulled out a huge needle, and gave Zach a shot!
I did not start working on it until two days before it was due. My laptop's hard drive decided to die while I was finishing it. Luckily my best friend was able to recover my work and I made an A!
He was ashamed and read the game box three times. He watched YouTube videos but that did not help. Now he knows how to play better because he asked me to show him how to play.
I tried to straighten it out however, it continued to move. The right side of the car collided with another car. I had to park in the grass in order to see the damages.
That year his father got very sick and passed away. Manuel was very sad and had a hard time with it. He lived alone with his mother until he turned 18.
She spread the almond butter and jelly evenly on her bread. Then she put both of the pieces together. When she finished making it, Jan sat down and ate her sandwich.
Teo was lying half way out of his corral! Sarah watched as Teo inched along on the sand. Minutes later and Teo was out, shaking off the dust out of his mane!
She was relieved to hear their parents' returned safely. Jill accepted a ride home and had already received her pay-off. The dad just dropped her off with a wave.
No matter what he did, he couldn't find the screen he needed. He eventually had to call the company to remedy the situation. He was embarrassed, having to tell the representative why he couldn't do it himself.
The game tonight came down to the last shot. The back up player missed the shot. His team was very disappointed in the back up player.
The new buyer decided on a nice vinyl that they thought would go well. They paid for it in full and waited for the installation. Once the installation was done they were impressed with how it looked!
Renee looked at the humble house of the old people. The grandparents shook his hand thanked Renee for coming. They apologized for the mess in their home.
He almost gave up looking. He found it under his bed. Jensen was happy he finally found it.
Curious, Ed agreed. When he met the man he gaped in shock. The two men were actually twins, separated at birth!
Her friend suggested that she try again and enter into a contest. Gabrielle decided to give it a try. She ended up winning the contest!
I told him the caller stated he was selling health insurance. I told him we did not have health insurance. I told the caller to call my phone when I can get more information.
She called her husband, and explained the situation. Rainey's husband finally fixed the car. Rainey's husband is a mechanic.
I managed to get through the week without killing him or me. I went to a bar to celebrate my relative success. That's when I found out my husband had overdrawn your account so I had to use the leftover spending money.
She stayed with her coworkers in the office all morning. Everybody went home at 1 pm, as the work was then finished. She got home and we had coffee.
She was devastated and scared to pieces. Her mom helped her through her diet, and eased her fears. She is now at a healthy weight, and her mom helps her prepare her meals.
He worked very hard to get in again. He finally graduated. He got a job as the police department.
He finally built one with a full house of cards, and triumphant, he got up to go tell his parents so they could see. As he stood, his footsteps shook the table, collapsing the cards. He told his family what he'd achieved, but no one would believe him.
Thankfully I got home and recorded it beforehand. I ended up loving the episode. I couldn't wait for the new one the following week.
They climbed the ladder to see what it was on the roof. It was a huge flat rock and they were able to grab it. Now that is their play rock.
Martha's bread came out delicious. It was so good her husband began bragging about it to his friends. Martha soon had many people who wanted to pay her to make them bread.
Matt studied very hard to get better grades than Elly, who was the only person he cared about beating. During their next test Matt knew all the answers. He got a higher score than Elly and was very proud.
We went to the hair store across town. He sat down waiting while I got him long hair products. When we got home, I was glad at how happy he was.
James worked part times too when his job did not give his cut but it wasn't enough. He collected all of his old DVD's and games and pawned them. James collected enough money for the gifts he needed to purchase.
Every time the garbage filled up, Randall squealed with delight. One day was taking out the garbage and a huge spider crawled out. Randall has never taken out the garbage since.
Even in high school, where thin meant good, she was often praised. And after high school Kim got an offer that caused everyone to praise her even more. A scout offered her a huge salary - to work as a fashion model!
Getting the foil to stick required a lot of duct tape. In the end James had a very shiny helmet to play in. When he was done playing, it took a long time to get all the tape off.
One day she discovered that one the yoga studio she attended was closing. She was sad as this was the only yoga studio in her small town that she liked. She enjoyed yoga so much that she decided to open her own studio.
But my dad was so caring and he made me some s'mores. I ended up forgetting about my period. I can really count on my dad to have a good time.
The first thing she writes about is a beautiful orchid. Priscilla is proud of how her writings comes out. She is satisfied that she found a way to be more dramatic.
He end up falling to sleep in his tent and was feeling very damp. Suddenly, he realized that the left side of his tent was in the water. He moved his tent away from the high tides.
She already had a daughter. She got pregnant again. Joyce and her husband love their 3 children.
I made Celia happy to see the correct information being published. She sent an email offering her thanks. The website's owner sent her a thank you note back, making Celia feel appreciated.
Much later, she decided maybe she should try it again. Two years later she held her own piano recital. As the crowd applauded, Melissa felt very proud of herself.
His teacher said he needed contacts. His mother bought him contacts. After that he never had vision trouble again.
She wondered if she really wanted to go out. She decided to go. The rain had started again by the time she arrived.
One day a tourist was eaten by the alligator. The police got involved and caught it. It turned out to be a pet that was released into the wild.
She decided to have a child by herself. Once the child was born she named it. The name was Ariel, after the mermaid.
The witch doctor said his dog had a sore leg. He told Jim to let his dog rest for a few days. Jim's dog felt better and was walking normally the next day.
My mom told me that I needed suntan lotion. She said the Florida sun is strong but I did not have enough time though That night my skin turned fine..
Bert and his partner decided to go to a diner that they saw advertised on a billboard. It was alright, but Bert felt that it was overpriced. Bert resolved to get better value for money in the future.
The coach made her honorary team captain. She was happy because it looked good on her resume. Julia was captain for three years.
It offered a better discount. Amy liked all of the stores and would loved to work at either. After weighing her options she went with the third job that paid more.
But Gina didn't like his eyes. There was something cold and evil about them. Gina never felt comfortable when he was around.
When she walked outside, she saw him standing by the stairs. She stared at him, hoping to make eye contact. But instead of catching his eye, he looked right past her.
Mandy was confident she could make a delicious cake. She found a German chocolate cake recipes and went to work. Mandy's cake was so good that it was gone by the end of the day when she was cleaning her kitchen.
When she got her report card, she had all A's except Math. She was so disappointed she wouldn't be getting her bike. Her mom was still proud of her grades, so she got it anyway.
The next day, Janet ran into Harry. She was walking with her ex-boyfriend. Harry immediately started to feel jealous.
The doctor decides that Becky needs eyeglasses Becky gets to choose eyeglasses She now has control over her headaches.
While in her first year, she began to make new friends. Jacky came home for the holidays with a new perspective. Jacky appreciates home more since being away at school.
When he did train he practiced mouse and keyboard movements. He never was ranked as a top player in his local town. Timmy had to work harder if he wanted to win competitions throughout the world.
Later she awoke and didn't know where she was. She was upset because her dad left her at a gas station. She sat in angry silence for an hour and waited for him to come back.
Yesterday was no different. It was Hanukkah time and he spent little on family gifts. It wasn't his first time not spending over his budget.
She went for a health check up just to see what it was. Sadly, the doctor told her she had HIV. She was so devastated, that she went into a depression.
She bought all the right ingredients. She cooked everything just right. Somehow the meatloaf tasted awful!
Sentence 3: He was prescribed hearing aid. Sentence 4: And he was amazed at how clearly he can hear everything. Sentence 5: Tim's creation were so much better because of his new hearing aid.
She went over and checked them out. The trees looked real nice. She was happy they were in her yard.
He went to a toy store and bought a bunch more gifts. He dropped them into a Toys For Tots box. Lee felt like he had made a difference with his generosity.
The instructions for the games she didn't already know didn't make much sense. So they made up their own rules for those games. They played with the set for hours.
Finally she relented and wore her glasses to school. And to her surprise, her sight didn't get worse. Instead, she got much better vision!
He took Gary down for a tour one day. There was a ton of open space. Gary kindly complimented his dad on his work.
Chris spoke to the artist online. Chris and the artist got along very well. Chris and the artist became best friends.
Today, Stanley starts shaking as his boss walks by. His boss tells him that he must never take caffeine pills at work again. Stanley starts bringing coffee to work to stay awake.
He usually doesn't like overcoats but found the one he bought to be fashionable and really warm. He decided to keep it. Now Andrew stays warm in style in his terrific new overcoat.
At the store, their dad bought a bunch of balloons. They blew up all the balloons in one room of their house. They played among the balloons and had a great time!
He asked me some personal questions and looked at me strangely. It was getting very awkward and eventually I just ignored him. I just walked off to the bus stop all scared and nervous.
Finally she decided to open her own cupcake shop instead. Now she does cupcakes for weddings and events. Erin is so happy that she is a professional cake decorator.
All of a sudden she heard loud splashing. There was an alligator in the water. She ran from it in a zigzag pattern like her grandpa had taught her.
Suzie started to cry when she couldn't get it to fit now. Her mother got out her sewing machine and made changes to it. Suzie hugged her mom and went out trick-or-treating in her costume.
But I know that there is something wrong and I was shocked to see our cat, Buttercup, had got into the dryer and gone through the cycle! I took the cat to the vet and they told me that she might not make it. But luckily, Buttercup beat the odds and we renamed her 'Dryer Kitty'.
Her coworkers are now mean to her. She is ready to quit. She is now searching for a new job.
He looked up quotes online from different insurance companies. He eventually decided on staying. Marty missed out on saving fifteen percent on his insurance by making the switch.
But I could not find the new book on the shelves. Then the librarian found that the book had just been returned. I was happy that I was able to get the book I wanted!
The outlet still did not work so I called another professional. The outlet cost me forty dollars to have fixed correctly. I was glad I called in another professional so I did not get hurt.
He tried again, but this time with the Price is Right and made it. He flew out to Los Angeles. The game went well for him.
Last night she went to the Prince concert and took a selfie. She posted her selfie on Facebook. It received about two hundred and fifty likes.
They then went to live in Jen's one bedroom apartment in the city. There were a lot of tears and misunderstanding. Ultimately, Jen felt she did her best for her niece.
The car door was locked but then she remembered that she had given her mom an extra key. She had known she was prone to losing things. Kia's foresight saved the day!
A month later, I got an ultrasound. They told me the baby remained healthy and things were going smoothly. I was happy and got a printout of the ultrasound that day.
I became worried and went to the dryer. Sure enough, my husband had washed his watch with his pants. Now, he always double checks all the pockets.
Amy made it, but Beth gave up after her 3rd lap. Her lungs burned and her chest hurt. After a break she decided to walk around the track instead of running.
Even she felt it was none of their business! She finally decided  she has to answer how she felt about the ordeal. Amy wished, in fact, that she could just forget about it altogether.
He almost ran into the street. A car might have hit him! From then on, Ben walked Pepper on a leash!
It was getting to be almost an hour and his wife hadn't arrived. Larry called to ask what was up. It turned out his wife had forgot.
It was dripping wet and sitting in the box. I went over to pick it up. It seemed very soggy and fragile, so I threw it away.
But he started slacking off on his training and soon he also started smoking weed. He dropped out of college. He had to get a job in the trades.
She could not take her eyes off the scary creature. Luckily her older brother heard her glee and stopped her. Her brother felt a sigh of relief and was thankful it was free.
We boarded the plane and I took my seat. The engine started roaring and all of a sudden we took flight! The experience was exciting for me everytime, it was so fun!
She asked someone what she should do, they directed her towards customer service. She waited 10 minutes at the service desk. The cashier took her coupons and gave her $4 in return.
They talked to friends and family about the idea of the cabin. Then they asked other cabin owners if they were happy. The owners confirmed but Tim didn't have any money.
Soon, everyone stopped carrying the same one. Sarah felt outcast that they didn't copy her. She was very ashamed of her fashion sense.
She had to prepare a Chinese meal for her class. She brought in a wok and Chinese vegetables. Then she made up a big tasty stir fry.
To my dismay, the stain wouldn't come out. I tried so hard to get it out but it was stubborn. Finally I got it to fade with bleach.
Suddenly, her sister's pants ripped open. She was so embarrassed and she ran from the class. Ashton came out after her and they never went back.
He brought in his own drinks from home. His coworkers admired his selection. It turns out only the boss likes tea.
She apologized for her selfishness. But it didn't matter. Gina's mom gave her 4 days of grounding for her actions.
Jen fell during practice and sprained her ankle. Jen was sad that she couldn't play for her team. However, she was happy that she could still encourage her friends.
He knew he will tripped. He is afraid to roll. And afraid to feel dizzy.
IHOP said short stack pancakes cost only $1 if we wore red. My wife and I both had red shirts on. Dinner was fun that night.
Cora began to search through the mail every day for the check. Three weeks later Cora realized it had gone directly to her account by direct deposit instead. She had the money all along.
He wanted to make his deposit an even 500 dollars. He took out his calculator to see how much extra to add. The man deposited 495 dollars and 47 cents.
But she kept at it, and eventually she started losing weight which made her so happy! But then she binged to celebrate. She ended up gaining it all back.
It was lunchtime when they realized it was time to go home. They were exactly where they thought they had ridden. Amy was able to ride every day without punishment for being on time.
He was more of a football player. He got a full ride to play football at Alabama. Todd eventually was good enough to play in the NFL.
She show her mom the one she wanted. Her mom got what she wanted. On Christmas morning, Emma's robe was under the tree.
It was not a flattering photo. Bob's boss saw the photo and loved it. Bob's boss heaped praise on him.
Matt now owes $5000 for the car but he won't sue his mom Luckily, he had enough money to pay it back. Everything ended up okay.
She had a great time at the party. Her friend Tina said it was the best party she'd ever been to. Lucy decided to have more parties from now on.
She looked down and her bikini top was gone. Her friend Lila saw it floating out to shore. She swam to it and gave it back to Jill before anyone else noticed.
Jeff hurried to collect all of the trash in his house. He quickly rolled the garbage bin to the road that ran behind his house. Jeff was just in time to have the garbage truck collect his garbage from that street.
Cara was worried about missing the test, so she talked to her teacher. Her teacher said it was okay and these were extenuating circumstances. Cara was allowed to take the test at a later date, and she passed.
Unfortunately yesterday she spilled dye on it while she washes it.. Thankfully she was able to get it out. Kelly vowed to never ruin it again.
Once he visited a small farm. He asked if he could ride one of the horses there too. The farmer gave him permission.
A company saw the story about the app in Business Insider. They offered Chad a small amount to buy the app. Chad sold it to them and was glad to at least get some money for it.
By the 2nd floor Amy was panting. Since it was only 2 floors she thought it would be easy. When Amy arrived at her desk she was panting and sweating.
Ray looked for the right car for months Finally he found one that was what he was looking for. Now Ray loves his daily commute to work.
Nick was never lonely. Nick met Bill at baseball practice. Nick and Bill became very good friends.
He went to the pet shop and bought one. He surprised her on her birthday. She absolutely loved the kitten.
An hour later, he smelled something burning. And he rushed to their oven. His mom left some pizza in the oven and she forgot about it.
The approaching storm however forced them not to leave the house. Both of them stayed in the house to avoid the storm. They made it, stayed at home for two days.
Nobody tells her that she needs to get braces. Laura isn't happy because she doesn't like how her teeth look. However, the pain gets worse, and she begins to wonder if she might need braces.
When classes were over and summer came, it was finally time. The family loaded up their car to drive to the beach. It ended up being the worst vacation they took all year.
He knew changing his ways was important. His friends asked him out for pizza. Tim didn't make any progress on his diet.
They would get ripped or wadded up, and often completely ruined. Isabel finally got desperate and went to a craft store. Her brother wouldn't be able to rip a poster super glued to the wall!
Then they received a tour package as a gift from their parents so the girls drove from Texas across the country to California. They made lots of memorable stops along the way in each state. Both girls hope this is something they will continue in the future.
After a few years he graduated. He found out it was exciting and inspiring. Now he doesn't want to do anything else.
Finally, met a boy name Kyle. They have begin together over five years now. They were high-school sweethearts and are now married with adopted kids.
She saw that there was no mustard left! Sadly, Ivy ate her sandwich plain. It wasn't very good without mustard!
The next morning, he had diarhea Rod felt terrible and realized he drank expired milk. He was sad that he had a major problem.
After days of neglect the sink was now empty of water. The water didn't soak the floor and ruin the wood. The owner didn't have to replace everything.
Becky's kids were watching TV and woke her up. She decided to take her laptop to her bedroom. She was finally able to concentrate on her laptop.
I started avoiding her a lot. I yelled at her almost everyday. Now she is my enemy and we are envious.
The downstairs neighbor loves to play loud music. Jared couldn't focus on his writing. He decided to move to another apartment complex.
Suddenly he realized he was using hair gel instead of tooth paste. Jim quickly spit the hair gel out of his mouth. Afterwards he rinsed his mouth out with water.
Someone tipped over burning lamp A fire burst out into the bushes. A huge fire was lit and the boys all ran away.
He knew I liked him but he used me and dated other girls instead. Years went by and I got prettier and more confident. I ran into Adam years later and didn't even glance his way.
Molly had never gone swimming before but she was able to learn. Unfortunately, she made a mistake and swallowed some water. She ended up having to rest for the remainder of the trip.
I was fine. I went to my desk. Nobody questioned me on my way in or out of the building.
The senior prank was coming up at school so he got an idea. Joe took all three babies and let them loose in the principal's office. The school had to close for the day.
Jenny pleaded with her parents to watch the show after the concert. When her parents agreed, Jenny was happy for hours. At the concert, Jenny was too relaxed to sing.
They gave her no praise and plenty of constructive criticism. When Lisa applied to a conservatory, she was roundly rejected. Lisa was glad her parents hadn't coddled her.
They threw the food out. A flock of birds attacked the trash can. We all ran away from the birds.
He messaged him and told him that he was interested in his concert. Gerald waited excitedly for the weekend. He went to his friend's concert and had a great time.
The tournament started and Fred took his position. The sensation of the competition was exhilarating, he was excited. Fred ended up coming in first place in the tournament.
Once they arrived, she immediately rushed to Malibu. She proudly walked back to her family wearing an I'm Expecting pin. Everyone cheered in surprise over their great start to their vacation.
I forgot and burnt the pizza so I picked up the phone  and ordered a few pizzas. Thirty minutes later, I had three different pizzas. I sat down and watched the game and ate.
The younger siblings were locked out. The little kids were scared. Gina told them to stop being so loud and calm down before letting them back in.
Unfortunately, it had rained recently. Kim was determined to keep from dirtying her shoes, even if it meant not wearing them. It helped preserve her shoes for a long time.
When he came inside, he began itching. Joe was having terrible allergies. Joe had to go to the ER for an allergy shot.
While they were swimming, the boys saw a big snake in the water. I tried to scare it away by throwing a rock, but it didn't work. We left the beach because we were afraid.
We found one tree with signs of infestation from an invasive beetle in the area. We had to cut the beautiful red maple down. We were sad, but happy to be helping the environment.
One morning Mary woke up and got a great surprise. Mary's mom had found the perfect couch for a small home. She had bought Mary a gold couch and a glass bowl!
After drinking the cappucino, Quentin felt very hyper and wound up. He did not enjoy the feeling. Quentin decided never to try cappucino again.
I've always had ideas for start up businesses. I've just never had time to pursue any of them. On the side I've started two fresh business of my own and I'm doing just fine.
But Bob says he can whistle but wishes he could sing. Bob's friend encourages him and start to teach him. Just when they think it's a lost cause Bob sings his first note.
He went out of his way to put himself out there and meet new people. He found some locals there who shared his hobbies. He met many other like minded people and made new friends.
They had fun helping me. We all ate together while watching Jeopardy. After dinner they told me spaghetti night is their favorite.
Her mother had 3 children all to different men. She didn't live in the same state as her father so she rarely saw him. Of her three sisters, her favorite was her older sister Kim.
She found about three that she really liked. At the end of the trip she decided to apply. She ended up getting into her top choice.
I fell asleep while writing the essay. My friend woke me up and we quickly finished the paper. I brought the essay into class last minute and passed.
He had salmon. But he wasn't sure if it was safe to eat raw. Carlos worried as he ate his pieces of salmon sushi.
He was expecting them to give him double what he'd received last year. On his birthday, he saw that it was a crisp, new check from his parents. He was so surprised and excited.
The name stuck with them at school the following week. The kids all went around calling them Rock Band Slashers. They were getting popular all because of a video game.
No one ate any beans. Stan's digestive system wasn't happy with no food. Stan's loud tummy grumbling forced his tent mates  to make him sleep outside.
His coach told him he needed his shot on the team. Jeff spent all winter perfecting his basketball shot. That season Jeff made the team much better.
The store was so crowded I was worried there'd be no deals left. Eventually I stumbled across a TV that was heavily discounted. I ended up buying the TV for myself.
When the technician arrived, she told him where to put the box. The man installed it and showed her how to use the remote. Once he left, she explored her new Cable stations.
She asked her mother again why they were leaving early. Her mother yelled at her for asking. She was tired of being asked when they were leaving.
Steve is only really good at his current job so he doesn't know what to do. He decides to flip a coin onto the help-wanted ads to make his decision. The coin lands on an ad for a construction worker.
She couldn't wait around for her turn to be served. The girl at the desk didn't know what she was doing. Gina didn't want to wait anymore for a manager to come help her.
Morgan started an initiative to steal expensive items. The governor gives Morgan the sentence. Morgan is very saddened her hard work is being recognized.
The first night they were single, they couldn't resist each other and finally hooked up. It felt amazing. They soon got engaged and their relationship lasted forever.
So he thought of going to local tournaments. Eventually he entered a national tournament. Jon won the national tournament!
Sam spun his chair around for fun. He got very dizzy after all of this spinning. When he stood up to go home, Sam lost his balance and fell.
He ended up having everyone over a few days later, and although his apartment is small, everyone feels very comfortable. His friends tell Quentin that he is a terrific host. Quentin feels blessed to have such great friends.
So she decided to get it painted bright red. Her car gave her lots of attention. So she was happy about her decision.
Sean felt guilty and confessed and asked for forgiveness but his mother was angry. She grounded Sean for one month. Sean learned he should be more careful in the house.
One day, he finally posted something and it was about an argument with a friend, which caused a big scene. Everyone jumped in and defended the friend. He lost some friends from that status.
This time, he could not deny that he needed help. He asked a work colleague for advice about the problem he had. Hank's colleague gladly helped.
Until I was old enough to believed, I begged my Mother to allow me to meet my Father. She arranged the meeting when I was 12 Year's old. I knew who he was immediately, I did not need an introduction.
It was so small and unimpressive! Neil took no photos. He wanted to forget the unimpressive site forever.
Stephen tried to follow the process correctly. His claim was denied. Stephen should have called GEICO.
When I woke up I saw she had mess all over. My wife and I got really annoyed. We decided to turn over the cat.
I opened the beer and took a drink. I breathed the beer in as I took a drink and spit the beer everywhere. I made a huge mess and then had to clean it up.
He had been to daycare twice before. His mom walked him to the door and kissed him bye. He had a great first day.
I bought a pound of Maxwell House coffee. I replaced it with Nescafe coffee. I laughed when she did not notice the difference immediately.
Unfortunately the store was all out. They got orange juice instead. Unfortunately nobody ever wound up drinking and went to bed.
She was talking to him almost every single day. They agreed to see each other. Lynn was very excited to see the boy.
When Fred got to the bus station, there was no bus left. He felt frustrated and walked back home. Fred called his boss and told him he's taking the day off.
He was overexerting himself, because he would throw the ball as far as he could down the lane. No one could find a rule against throwing, so they were angry. The owner of the alley banned him to keep the peace after he was taken away in the ambulance.
Tod set up shop in the city and then began to work hard for Years. One day a fierce storm flooded Tod's shop, leaving him broke. Tod was heartbroken and suffered from depression until he died.
She finally tired out and we pulled the cover up to our cheeks. Mommy came in and read us a story. Then she kissed us goodnight and turned out the lights.
The train was right on time. The people thought since it wasn't late everything was fine. People patiently waited to board the train.
His house caught on fire and a fireman pushed into the room and picked him up while he was sleeping. He carried Kevin out of the house and dumped him on the lawn. The fireman had saved Kevin's life and extinguished the fire.
A late manager approached Junior and gave him an extra baseball. Then, his dad snapped a photo of the two together. Junior now had a ball and photo that he could show all his friends.
The prosecutor told the jury to watch The Last Seduction movie. That was where Michelle got the idea to try to kill her husband. The jury found her innocent because that wasn't evidence.
So she snuck out to her friends house and they were glad she was there. All of the girls put on makeup and played dress up all day and night. Madelynn had a lot of fun and wanted to go back again.
Kate spent all month gathering as many signatures as possible. On the last day of the contest, she turned in her list. She ended up winning.
She enjoyed the ride very much. One day she saw some new flowers. She stopped to smell the wonderful flowers.
She called her mother. Her mother was glad that her advice on dealing with emotions worked. Luana had learned to cope.
The man then showed that he only have $20. John took it and went on the counter to order food. The man is his best friend.
My nails were now pinkish. I got many compliments. I will keep them this color.
She heard about a free supplies box giveaway. She brought her son and he got school supplies. Inside the box were all of the supplies he needed.
Soon, she got a bright idea. She started taking cooking classes and selling plates. She saved her money and bought her own food truck eventually.
Jake saw headlights behind him. Jake decided to try and run away. Jake wound up crashing his car and getting arrested.
He had to go to school tomorrow but cannot sleep. He decided to drink warm milk to relax his mind. He sat down beside his bed and enjoyed his milk.
The new tutor was a charlatan and was also bad at math. Consequently, Bart failed his math test. Therefore, Bart decided to sue the new tutor.
She got a lot of choices! Tammy decided to buy a beautiful pair of shoes. Her mom loved it and cherished it forever!
Some of the group left in a hurry. Then, Pam's mom let her know she had food in her teeth. Pam was so embarrassed and she went to clean her teeth.
She felt her day would be busy, but predictable. On the day, she opened her door and heard, "SURPRISE!" Her friends and family gave her a totally fun and spontaneous birthday party.
Since their family keeps growing they decided it was time to buy a house there. This was a surprise to the Johnson kids. They found a beach house and bought it.
He was sure to get plenty of sleep. He ate breakfast the following morning. The test turned out to be a breeze.
He applied for a loan for his other expenses. Luckily, his loan application was approved! Ricky was happy to be able to pay for college and an apartment.
I agreed to take him to see Big Ben. I booked two tickets for a trip to Big Ben. My son had a great time at Big Ben!
Dan tucked his feet under his blanket for a few minutes. When his feet warmed up he was able to walk again. Dan's blanket smells like feet now.
One day, he was surfing the web, and came across a Downs Group. He joined the group and made many friends just like him. His confidence improved and he felt even more like he belonged.
She got the ring and kept it securely around her finger. When she went to the beach the next day she ended up losing it. Thankfully though, the lifeguard found it in the end.
Always a gentleman, he let her try her's first. He could hear crunching as she bit into her food. He fried the wontons long enough!
Zoey informed her that she wanted to wait until next year.. Her teacher helped her  accomplished more like everyone else. Zoey thanked her a lot.
She tripped on a toy and she twisted her ankle very badly when she fell. She went to the doctor and discovered it was sprained. It took several weeks before Morgan's ankle was healed.
The class was boring since we couldn't talk and had to work quietly. Eventually, the new teacher started to complain about being here. All of the classmates ignored him.
Her family so excited when she told them and broke out in tears. They tried to tell her to have a baby for 2 years. They both can't wait to meet the baby.
She asked her parents to do her room in Disney's Frozen theme. They had to think about it for awhile. Eventually they said they would decorate her room with a Frozen theme.
He still can't get comfortable. Bill is so frustrated he goes to the store and buys pillows at 2 AM. Bill comes home with his new pillows and has a restful sleep.
Suddenly, Mike felt a powerful earthquake beneath his feet. A tall tree from his neighbor's yard smashed into his backyard shed. The gas tank was in the shed and it got crushed.
Simon's mother spent the afternoon making his room spotless. His mom took him to an early evening show. Simon enjoyed the movie.
The next day Amy had to wait outside of class. She confessed to the teacher she hadn't done the assignment. The teacher told her she needed to apply herself because she is natural.
She spent lunch period in the restroom to avoid being seen. Jan regretted wearing the sweater since she had to hide anyway. When Jan got home, her sister immediately took back the sweater.
I went to the kitchen to get some. I was so happy my cravings would be satisfied. I ate cookies for breakfast.
She showed them the online receipt of her reservation she had printed out. The clerk admitted the hotel computers had been having trouble. For her trouble, Fran was given a free stay at a different hotel.
His friend secretly fixed it at night. The next day he found out and was elated. Toni was so happy!
The baby drank on a regular schedule. The baby never got sick from a dirty bottle. The baby still finds other reasons for crying all day long!
Halfway there she ran into heavy traffic due to an accident. She was not expecting this. Amy arrived 30 minutes late due to accident.
The weather was going to be cold. Justin covered his melons with a sheet to protect them from frost. Justin's crops all survived the cold night.
His dad shouted out at him. Tim looked up to see his kite get stuck in a tree. His father consoled him as Tim cried over his lost kite.
He ran right into him, knocking him down. He shouted at her saying she's so dumb. After that she never talked to the mean boy again.
Even when he first tried he fell over. He hurt his knee pretty badly. It made him determined to keep trying.
He was frustrated because he wanted to sign up for lessons. He went to the store and bought his drums so he could practice in his spare time. A year later he is now a great drummer in a band.
Not to mention the service was great. Ken was interested in talking to her. The date was nice.
The cable representative tries to get him to try a higher upgrade. Cris politely declines all the representative's offers and incentive. Cris is now watching more cable TV with his new channels.
To his surprise, he couldn't stop sneezing. Gary suspected dog dander was to blame for the sneezing He was forced to replace all the air filters.
I confessed to her that I wanted to go out with her friend. I was confused when she said no. She simply said that she was only being kind since the friend didn't like me.
With it being quiet, Ken had no trouble concentrating. His sister wanted to give him space, so she decided to leave. Ken had a great homework spot because of his sister.
Steph explained that if the vase fell on the ground it would break apart. She said she would have to apologize to the manager. Her daughter wasn't mad however, since Steph gave good advice.
Tim ate a lot of hard candy. After an hour, his teeth hurt really bad. Tim never ate hard candy again.
The dog dug a small hole with his front paws. The dog continued to dig in the hole. The dog covered the hole with dirt.
In 2000 they sold their ice cream making supplies. The ice cream supplies are now owned by a massive conglomerate. Ben and Jerry wish their ice cream had succeeded all over the world.
He played great the whole night. He even ran for the game winning touchdown after a fumble. He still remembers those days fondly.
Then he got an idea. He got an old belt from a neighbor and decorated it nicely. Sam's dad was very happy with his hand-decorated belt!
This was just as she got to the good part. Kay tried to call Beth back later but there was no answer. Kay cursed the phone for missing such an important part.
They had a surprise for their guests. They didn't practice at all. When it was time to dance, they walked out of the room.
He bought a fake Rolex and knockoff Chanel shoes last week. While leaving the mall he noticed that his car was missing. Chaz found out that someone has stolen his car.
Jessie stayed quiet about it. Her friend continued to spread the fake news. Jessie got depressed.
He walked the lady back to her house, but found her unresponsive. He took her to the hospital, where they examined her. Bob was saddened deeply to learn they were unable to save her mental state.
She rushed to the urgent care center, where the doctor said she had a bacterial sinus infection and a UTI. Emily took her medication. She slowly but surely became well again.
Then one day he realized that tiramisu was Italian too! He had been making his favorite dessert, tiramisu, for years. Lou was happy to be able to make Italian dishes instead of ordering out!
Lori was excited as the building was new and near Braves Park. Sadly, she could not afford the rent and is vacating in a few months. My daughter said Lori always had trouble managing her money.
We paid the three dollars and got pieces of meat. We threw it out and the lion ate it. We had so much fun and would love to go back.
Jane got a dog. Her dad had an allergy attack. She had to return the dog to the store.
I yelled back at her to go fight someone her own size. However, she took it seriously and brought Tom. He chased me and tried to fight me, as well.
They went to another place, and they choose the best ones. After filling up a cup of yogurt, they then have a choice of toppings. When they go to pay for the yogurt, they have to weigh the cups.
Gina looked at his face for couple of minutes. She spent the rest of the time reminiscing their memories. She was having a hard time dealing with his death.
She started to make tacos. She filled them with meat and added toppings. When they were done, they were delicious!
She met up with her friend Beth inside the school. Beth was surprised Amy had come out of her depression. Amy knew the worst was behind her and happy times lay ahead.
He did the best he could to get around. John got somewhat lost a a few times going to the store but got back on track. In the end, John successfully navigated the store.
She was glad to find the right one. She found one online. It looked great.
During the game she ended up winning. Tina win money and a trip to Greece. Now she was excited.
It began to warm up as the sun reached its height. It was so warm that people wished for snow. Summer had came fast.
She always made it at an acceptable time. This time she was late. She got in big trouble.
He never even drew a line with his level. He hung the picture without a line as a guide. Ivan was happy that he'd got it straight!
On the way home, his dad took him to the drug store. Shane tried to walk, but his leg hurt too badly. Instead his dad went in for him and bought some pain medicine.
I decided to participate in the special olympics. I hired a personal trainer to help me. I have a little further to go before I'm marathon ready.
She was so excited and immediately fell in love with the little cat. She named him Jax. Lilly plays and takes Jax for walks every day now.
I never even tried it out. I figured the vacuum would be too loud for my ears. I decided to stick with my trusty broom.
I listened intently to both songs. I asked him to stop rapping. It was quiet for a long time.
He filled a mug with water and a tea bag. Then, he set the mug outside. The sun brewed delicious tea in the mug with little work for Tony.
The wife taught him how to cook many dishes. The husband practiced every day with the wife. One day, he cooked her his favorite meal and he smiled.
One day, Bob went to the store and saw the fishing section. He decided not to buy a new pole, and to keep fishing with his dad's. He enjoyed it, and will continue fishing with it in honor of his father.
He then took the computer to a local repair shop to double check it. They looked at his computer and figured out it was indeed fixed. Now James's computer is working like brand new.
His dad reached for the bag of beef jerky crumbs. He didn't realize Jason had eaten them all. Jason pretended he didn't eat them as the credits ran on the movie.
On the way home, Frank said some things to Susie that were really mean. When they ate at home, Susie noticed a dead fly on Frank's food. She smiled sweetly and said nothing as he angrily ate the food.
The cashier did not gave him his ticket to fill out. The man used to forgot his money. The man went back home without a lottery ticket.
She had no money and none of the restaurants were giving out free samples. Beth got in as much window shopping as she could. She was disappointed with her outing.
A huge tornado had blown through and destroyed some neighborhoods. Jax was taken to a shelter, but nobody came to claim him. Finally, a couple adopted him and took him home.
She didn't have the money after buying the book so she went to the library. She was able to check out other books for free. Samantha aced her math test after studying the book.
After looking online, I noticed that there was a good deal. I drove back to the store and asked for a price match. The store found me a good deal and gave me a computer.
He drives to the computer store. He picks up the great computer that he ordered. Tom finally has his own computer!
Then, he quickly rode his bike to the mall. When he got there, he bought a shirt. His boss caught him and gave him one more chance.
While waiting,  Daisy got seasick. She felt better once the boat anchored out. Daisy caught many fish that day.
He was very disappointed. When they arrived, Manny and his mother ordered room service. It was delicious!
Later on social media, we heard about a commercial for Godaddy. It had a nerd and a hot girl kissing for almost a minute. Everyone that watched it was feeling awkward about it.
They decided to make sushi for dinner. Rita and her grandparents ate every bite of the sushi! They were very full after finishing dinner.
She felt bloated after few days. Kelly decided to stop eating only meat. She went back to her regular diet.
He liked playing music, and was a pretty good guitar player and wished music was his job. Just then, he caught sight of a job advertisement at a music store. Ted walked in and applied to be a children's guitar teacher.
They decided to stop waiting for someone to ask her. Taking matters into their own hands, they asked Josh, a friend of hers. Josh happily said yes, and Jan had a date for prom!
Gina was at an intersection with a stop sign. No other cars were coming, so she decided to go straight through slowly. Gina misjudged her speed, though, and almost had an accident.
Even size 10E can be found online with no trouble. I also found a pair of slippers designed for diabetics. These fit on very easily as well
On the morning of the test, Alex drove to his school with his things. He went to the test room, then didn't have enough time to finish the test and went home. Later on, Alex checked his scores and saw that he had done very badly.
Charlie found he forgot his wallet. Explaining this to her, they both went back to get his wallet. Upon returning to the carnival it was too late to get in.
However, she had not cook it. On their outing today, she spotted a deer. She aimed her gun, and killed another one!
They tried to convince him to climb up the goal post. Larry refused. His friends made fun of him.
The wasps were angry. The wasp spray eradicated the hive with chemicals. Johnny was able to play basketball in his driveway once again.
She was a nice girl and he asked her out for Valentine's Day. They had romantic nights together drinking wine. Blake is okay with not having a date for Valentine's Day.
He went as an adult, it was very crowded and expensive. Sam wasn't able to get on many rides. He was disappointed with the whole trip.
One night, he lost control during a race. This caused him to crash his car. They sent him to the hospital but he died.
Sentence 3: Maggie tried to get her dad attention. Sentence 4: She could not get her dad to eat her. Sentence 5: Maggie went and took the fruit and walked out the store.
There was one shop in particular, very close to my apartment. It was there that I had my first pistachio gelato. While I tried many other flavors too, I always, always got pistachio!
Her natural bust size made her very self conscious. Tamra wanted a bust enlargement procedure performed. She was disappointed she couldn't get it.
His male owner threw a sponge at the water. Hunter grabbed it in his mouth and didn't break any of his teeth. Hunter didn't need a surgery to remove a broken tooth.
But he did anyway and set Bobby off with a push. At first Bobby wobbled, but then he straightened out. Bobby was riding his bike like a grown-up!
Suzanne had met Molly, a mysterious European woman. Many talks later, they agreed they both disliked Berlin. Suzanne decided to leave Berlin.
However Linda was lacking some decorating inspiration. She went to pinterest and started browsing for ideas. After a few hours Linda decided to keep her house as it is.
The opponent couldn't understand why the ball changed color, so he just kept playing. The inventor laughed but got absolutely no benefit from his colored ball in their game. After he lost he confessed the deception, and the other golfer was confused.
She hadn't been planning on much. She decided to buy an apple, too. She paid and brought her groceries home.
And she was saddened by one lingering effect. She still had awful stretch marks! Ann hated her ugly stretch marks.
He hurriedly filled in the exam questions. When he got to the last problems, Bill panicked. He didn't know where, but he had missed a question.
I saw that one of my headlights was smashed. I wouldn't be able to fix it right away. I had to go home with only one light.
One day, he started a podcast for his family. But, his ideas were heard by thousands. Alan decided he must have some really great ideas.
He made sure to wash every vital part. Fortunately his date turned out to be allergic. She would have broken out in hives and had to go home early.
He snuck off to the store. He bought a bright red one! He road his new bike all day!
By the time he got his bill, it was over $15. Paul shrugged it off and paid it. The bartender told him to come back any time.
The number seemed too high to him. The scientist repeated this on a different scale. The second scale gave a much lower reading.
He took her to a nice dinner. Then he dropped to one knee! Jay proposed right there in the restaurant!
Both decided to go rollerskating around the block at the same time. Suddenly, they both crashed as they rounded the same corner. Both quick to apologize, stayed great friends from that incident.
Blake calls up all his friends to organize a hike of the local mountain. They meet at the mountain's base and get ready to set out. Blake is very happy that hiking is making him and his friends more active.
In the daylight I thought I saw a cat on a trash can. I moved closer, calling and clicking my tongue. It was actually a large puppy that responded by licking me.
He pet them and gave them some food. He was excited to try horseback riding for the first time. He had so much fun.
However, his wife and children has begun to feel neglected. John saw how much they wanted to be with him. So John went back to his old job to take care of his family more.
Tanya kept running as fast as she could. As she neared the finish line she gave her last bit of effort. She crossed the finish line.
His family was on vacation and he had a break down. In order to make it back to him then had to come home early. His parents got on a plan and flew 1000 miles back.
I went later in the week and to nobody's surprise, it was not packed. I bought a ticket and some snacks and went inside. I sat down at a good seat and enjoyed the whole movie.
One day Steven decided to quit his accounting job and open a pie shop His friends at work thought he was crazy for taking such a big risk A year later Steven is bankrupt
I decided to buy a pumpkin pie from the store. I got a frozen one so I had to bake it. I baked the pie in the oven.
As soon as she got there, the cat got down. To her relief, the cat was just fine. Kathie walked away and would never let that happen again.
The pastor told her they were against dress code. She had to change her jeans. Now, she only wears her holey jeans at home.
His coworkers did not like that he made them look bad. His coworkers told lies to their boss about Ted. Ted was fired the next day.
She goes to a scheduled appointment at the dentist's office. She has her teeth cleaned thoroughly. She decides that the dentist wasn't as bad as she feared.
He decided not to build custom kites for people. He didn't set up shop and he made no kites. His kite stand wouldn't have sold out day after day.
His palms were sweaty as he threw the dice. His jaw dropped as he saw the dice land on the number 5. He spent his winnings on a brand new car.
From the first he didn't crave candy. Right away he got used to being without it. Immediately he didn't even miss it!
Lucy regretted quitting the recital. She decided to learn the piece. The next year, Lucy was proud to give a great performance at the recital!
One day the owners confronted him about it. He felt bad even though there was no damage and promised to stop. Andy learned a valuable lesson and never throw rocks again.
He and his team all survived. They were given medals for bravery, afterward. But the truth was that they hid in an outhouse the entire time.
Jon's brother told Jon there was an emergency and he needs help. Jon sweated profusely at the thought of flying. He never got over his fear and took the train instead.
When he was ten, a friend offered french fry to Harold. Harold thought of his mom and rejected the offer. Harold was a very good and obedient kid.
She told me that she had thought I deserved to get a promotion too. She then asked me to help her in her new role I did and she praised my kindness to her boss.
Traffic was at a standstill. I became frustrated and knew I would miss my flight. Thankfully, my ticket could be exchanged for a later departure time.
I found a job after one month. I didn't have to give up and move in with my parents. I realized I was happy to have majored in philosophy.
When one of his teammates got hurt he had a chance to play. He scored eighteen points, a record for him. His team won and he felt happy he had played so well.
The best part was that all of their other food was delicious. Unfortunately, they closed down a few months ago. I guess I'll have to find a new Chinese place.
He's happy did not want to go home He doesn't have to locked himself in a nearby closet. Eventually, he realized he had to go and be with his mom.
The whole time she was there she felt like a family Now she was going home. As she drove home she replayed the events of the day in her mind.
My buddy told me about Hulu and how much cheaper it is. It sounded amazing because I did spend a lot of money on Netflix. I signed up for Hulu and I love it!
It was delicious but she ate too much and gave Mina terrible cramps. She suffered in the bathroom for hours. Mina wished she had resisted the allure of the ice cream!
He went to get it, but saw that all of the dates were expired. He told Jane but he decided that they would serve it anyway. Jane felt really bad, but she did what her boss told her to do.
The cookies were disappointing. Nobody wanted to eat more. Carol promised not to make more in the future.
Luckily, Chuck didn't fell off. Because he was not wearing a life jacket. He rafted smoothly on the water.
I tried fermenting some old raisins for six weeks. I thought I had made wine. Alas, it tasted poor.
It was still the start of the semester. Luckily, we found a kind and thoughtful Economics teacher. He accepted us in his class without a doubt.
Sammy took his first lesson just yesterday. He could not wait for his first test. Sammy was going to become the pilot he always wanted to be!
Drew could hear the ducks but couldn't find his boat to go to them. He unloaded three shotgun shells from his gun. He watched the ducks fly away and had a meatless dinner that evening.
It was faded but I can clearly read what the letter said. After several days of hiding, I finally confronted dad about it. He told me the truth that we're experiencing bankruptcy.
She understands that with every marriage comes compromises. Steve decides to stop playing piano on weeknights. Steve loves his wife and wants to see her more often.
Then one publisher sent him a letter. They loved his school work and wanted to publish it! Kurt was on his way to being a famous author!
It was a beautiful day with only a few clouds. They were having a great time. They continued their picnic and watched the clouds roll by.
When she handed them out she saw that there were still lot of candies left. She felt happy and satisfied. She saw street children on the way home, she handed them all the candies left.
10 minutes after Nancy, I finished my response, too. She was very proud of me. The teacher got amazed by our fast response.
It made his eye's water as he remembered her growing up. He wished he could walk over to her after, and give her a surprise big hug. After the wedding, he was very sorry he was stationed overseas.
I decided to extend my garden. I called a professional gardener to help me. Soon enough, I can now plant my tomato.
They were growing very hungry! Finally they put the food on the stove. Connor and his friend ate a well-cooked meal for dinner!
He offered Eddie $1 to do it. Eddie wanted the money. Surprisingly the pop rocks fizzed but Eddie survived!
One evening, her boyfriend got very drunk. As he laid on the sofa eating fries, he told Gretchen he loved her. Gretchen reciprocated immediately.
He sounded wonderful. Tom practiced every day. Soon he was the best piano player at his school.
Afterwards, I was really embarrassed. Everyone except me was dressed perfectly. I only felt out of place for the day because no one noticed.
The other video game was to  give to another person or charity. Karen thought very hard about what to do with the video game. She donated it to a group that bought books for poor children.
Bobby fainted from the hit. Ricky gave Bobby some water to drink. Bobby felt better after drinking and resting for a while.
Eve felt bad about what she did. While her mom was cleaning up the spill, Eve helped. Eve's mom was glad there wouldn't be mold where the juice was spilled.
May then liked the way the girl was acting. May told Lucy to come out of her room because the outing was starting. Lucy sat staring at May with a happy look on her face.
He eventually ran out so he decided to ask a coworker for one. He slowly walked over to ask for help. She provided him with a box of tissues and some throat drops.
She fights for a cause on her own way. She just watched rallies on TV. She is proud.
He found another way to healthily incorporate it into his life. He would lift heavy weights four times per week. He used the milk for protein to help build muscle.
She approached his desk and introduced herself properly. He seemed shocked that she was speaking to him like a person. Gina was sure to explain that she knew the initial approach she'd taken was wrong.
Mason angrily took off his costume. His mom got fed up of his attitude and scolded him. Jason got the worst halloween ever.
She didn't drop the eggs into the bowl. She would have made a huge mess. Her mother would have scolded her when she discovered that she'd done that.
Her boss put her through an intensive paperworks. Whit started to feel sick. She got sick and threw up.
The caterpillar was brought to the sea. Fortunately, the caterpillar could swim. The caterpillar was alive, but it was still ugly.
She had went to Target to buy the Apple watch. They had not had any in stock and she was disappointed. She had went home and had ordered it online and was happy to surprise him.
His doctors thought otherwise. They ran tests after test. The MRI showed no sign of a tumor in Scrooge's brain.
Rick panicked and contemplated what to do. He decided to put on a bandaid on his hand. After the bandaid was on, he continued to bake
His friends chastised Ted for not brushing well. Ted was impatient and angry. Ted still had to figure out what to do about his tooth.
Hector was impressed by how good his clothes looked. He put on his shoes and fixed his hair. Now Hector is ready to go to work.
He hoped no one would notice he wasn't there on time. His boss called Bob about his absence. Bob said he was sick and could not get to work that day.
He had to pay extra attention when the other team was up. In the sixth inning he looked up to see the ball sailing towards him. He caught it, scoring the out.
When we arrived in Canada, our truck broke down again. My brother and I explored the town while my dad got the truck fixed. We safely made it back to Missouri after a week.
Then, she colored pictures with them when they woke up Finally, they played dress up. Then, she brought the girl home.
To get even more involved, she tried out for the school musical. Madison got the lead part! She made even more close friends by participating in the musical.
All Mack's friends had received new cars except Mack. Then, as he was packing, his dad handed him a key. Mack looked outside and saw his gift, a brand new car!
She was afraid and decided to go to the ER. They checked her and the baby out just to be safe. Luckily, June was just over worrying and the baby was fine too.
She had invited her friends to join her but had to cancel. Pam and her friends were supposed to be cycling together on the trip. Pam and her friends agree to do that every month in the future.
He walked in, his one friend had a cake, he asked whose birthday was it? Forgetting it was his birthday he never had such a nice gift. Caught off guard he was speechless, and a memory he would not forget.
Mario had once gotten into a bar fight. He was struck with a bottle and almost died. Mario was glad he survived and learned to control himself.
The noise happened again, louder and closer this time. Startled, Jesse sat upright in her bed and looked around. Her search revealed that the wind was getting stronger.
Jimmy started asking for candy. His mom thankfully found some sugar free candies. Jimmy felt satisfied and thanked his mom.
Eventually he got too old to go to summer camp. He was sad because he would miss it. He was able to become a camp counselor and continue going forever.
The first day of school, he seemed extra nervous. Then happy when the day passed and there was no boarding school. Lisa felt bad that she had fooled him like that.
The first thing she did was study every single note she has. Samantha studied at her room for hours. Samantha was able to pull off an A on her final.
They decided to postpone the wedding. They saved up money for their wedding first. Their wedding day ended up being amazing and within budget.
The other, Junkman, stepped backwards to dodge it and fell. The Fire King stood over him and raised his pipe. The referee tackled the Fire King to stop him from his attack.
He never thought about running away. He pleaded guilty. He was sentenced to prison for life.
His mother told him never to drink ocean water. Jim was so thirsty he didn't care It was so bad that he never drank ocean water again.
Bradley stepped on his shoe lace. He ended up tripping, spilling the cake. Everyone started to complain afterwards.
During the next month, she had needs for money. She asked me if she can have $100 dollars. I was glad to, I gave it to her and hugged her.
Saturday she had plans to go to the beach instead of the pool but it was raining. Michelle was very disappointed and at this point had no other plans. She finally decided not to waste the day and went to the mall instead.
She knew he could never like her back. They ended up becoming best friends. They even went to prom together.
They were kicked out of the movie theater for using their phone. The ushers were angry at them. No one else in the theater used their phone for the rest of the movie.
There, he saw no artwork and no cultural attractions. However he was impressed by the beautiful countryside. Germany was an amazingly beautiful country!
We were very excited! We saw many celebrities and limos all around town. We even got a few autographs!
When he first arrived in his apartment he didn't know what to do. His roommates helped him unpack. Larry eventually got used to living with his roommates after awhile.
Charles went to visit her in her room. She said he didn't take good care of her and that he hated her. Charles took his mother to a nursing home and hired hospice care for her.
She wanted him to feel afraid. That way he would not tease him anymore. But the boy was not intimidated by her.
He came back right before the park was closing and was able to get on but his legs started to tremble. The ride spun him left and right. Afterwards, Bob felt sick to his stomach and had to puke.
He got excited when he saw him hold up a bag of gummy worms. John sat down on the porch to eat his gummy worms. He even shared a few with his dad!
Unable to locate the issue, he called an electrician to fix it. The electrician discovered the source of the problem. Now Dan's guitar isn't distorted.
People sometimes ask me how I like taking the lessons. I tell them that I have always loved singing to people. It's a hobby and helps my self esteem.
He was so happy. Ed won the free oil change from doing a good work. The mechanic took the old oil and put new oil in.
Her mom told her that they could only afford one shirt. Maria agonized over her decision. Finally, she decided on one shirt with red stripes.
Luckily, I'd been able to prove who I was. They let me through, but just barely. Ever since I have been nervous about immigration.
The bride's father was rich and loud while her mother was pleasant. The wedding had Mexican music which we found interesting. We spent a few days in Sacramento and SF before flying home.
Eric fell for her hard. Tim started dating her. Eric gave up and decided not to ruin their friendship.
Mark took really good care of his boat. One day his friend Jill broke his boat and Mark got upset. Mark almost punched Jill in the face for ruining his boat.
He do not bothered to practice his penmanship. Mike took a spelling test at school. He won even there is no improvement in his writing.
Then she just went to a public pool. She brought all the things she needed. Ella finally swam that day.
Carl hits the off button on the clock. The alarm turns off. Carl adds "keep the same alarm clock" to the list of things to do today.
He asked a friend to help him find a realtor. To his surprise, his friend was a realtor. His friend quickly sold John's home.
Everyone made fun of me for it. The teasing was relentless. I decided not to care and wore my hair proudly.
It cracked the wall on impact. The wall had to be repaired. Now Lance was angry about that too.
I stopped by a local drug store. I went inside and bought some sunscreen. I went back to my car and continued driving.
John gets defeated. John practices for several days. John defeats the game after a week.
They had decided on a trip they'd both enjoy. : They planned out a long camping trip on the lake. The two had a wonderful time on their trip.
It was over speeding. Gina patiently waited for the cops to leave. She drove slowly to be safe.
While swimming, Nick accidentally lost his watch When he and his friends found the watch, a dog had it. Nick and his friends went back home and played video games instead.
Tony swerved and put his arm out to protect his sister. The deer ran off and Tony was able to straighten out the car. His sister was happy that Tony's instinct was to protect her.
Jane told him to go away because she hadn't expected a present. Jane's brother ran up and told her he had bought her a present. Jane and her brother were very relieved to receive the present.
The professor was dry and boring making it difficult to stay awake By the third week Kay could barely stand the class. She went to the registrar and dropped the class before it was too late.
John started to feel a little bummed out. As the day rolled on, more potential players showed up. John got picked as the team's shortstop.
Anita went to the office for information on the position. Anita was given a list of requirements. Anita qualified to be on the judge choosing committee.
He decided he had to hitchhike. He stuck his thumb out and a nice truck driver picked him up. He drove Ed most of the way to his hometown. New Story:
Sam did not bring a sauce menu so he recited all 30. The customer was overwhelmed by the list and just picked the last one. Sam rang in an order of the sauce for the customer.
Jen loved eating spicy food. She excitedly waited for her orders. She enjoyed eating to the mexican restaurant.
Bill was informed that his niece had cancer and was losing her hair. He wanted to show his support so he shaved all his remaining hair off. Bill took pictures and told his niece it was the latest fashion.
The pieces all stayed in place all the way to the party. As she walked through the party room she tripped. Trish was now the life size cake topper.
But my friend still helped me practice every day after school all month. The day for tryouts finally came and I was very nervous. Thanks to all of our hard work we both made the team.
When she arrived, she was uptight at first. But gradually she began to relax and unwind. Soon, Nola was having a great time at the party!
After going to another department store I went into the dressing room to try on a few things. I left my own pants in the dressing room with my wallet inside. When I returned to the dressing room someone had taken the cash out.
One day, a friend recommended he try to audition to a recording company. Jackson considered his friend's suggestion. He made it to the recording company and is now a famous artist.
He tried a fresh blueberry. Randall was surprised at how good it tasted. He decided he actually liked blueberries.
His dentist was changed by a nicer one than the old one. When the appointment was over, the dentist gave Jeff a lollipop. Jeff decided that going to the dentist wasn't so bad.
He imagined practicing a humming a popular song of the time. He dreamed that during the talent show they hummed the song perfectly. If they had entered Rick and his friends would have done well for their act.
When Kate invited her little brother. and because he told her mom about the party! Kate was so angry, she wanted to smack him and decided to buy a gift.
After she took a sip, she threw the bottle on the ground. She also demanded that he cooks something else for her. After that, he decided to kick her out of the house.
But she skipped class by herself. Sue's grades started to fall. Sue failed her freshman year.
To celebrate Tina watched television. She fell asleep and woke up late for school. The teacher gave Tina a lower grade turning in the homework late.
The Monday before the contest, he fell off his bike and broke his arm. He wouldn't be able to march since he was put in a cast. He still went to cheer from the sidelines and show his support.
The cat is too little to jump that high by herself and she cries. So Jen finds a footstool that the cat can use to jump up on the bed. Now the cat can jump up and down using the foot stool.
We made it to the fair with plenty of time left in the day. Sally and I had a blast playing the games and mingling with people. When the sun went down, we headed back home.
It was a lot of fun. Joe called his friends to come play too. They came and everyone had fun in Joe's yard.
They found a baby sitter to take care of her baby brother, James. Luckily, James behaved for the couple hours that they were gone. Opal had underestimated her brother.
Neil hadn't even known California was a separate country He went there and learned all about its rich history. He was so glad he had discovered such a wonderful country!
Her mom and brother helped instead. They divided the finished pizza so they could all try it. When they were done, they agreed it was the best idea Kylie had had.
Devon found a real VHS tape and compared it to the web's. He saw that the two were identical. Devon concluded by using the internet because it was easier to use.
The bully just laughed because Tim was so easy to catch. But Tim used his arms to trip up the bully's long legs. The bully fell hard and never messed with Tim again.
As the ride went on it felt smoother. I ended up being able to fall asleep. When the ride was over I woke up.
She never took her coat off. That was indeed Lily's favorite coat to wear. She went home still wearing that coat.
He instantly gave in and made eggs. They ate breakfast together. They left for the bus together.
Consequently, they ended up doing most of the work. They had to set up the equipment and prepare the chemicals. The situation was worse when I broke a beaker, slowing me down.
When he got to him, the boy was walking out of a store. He was compelled to help the boy find his home. The officer still thinks about the incident years after it happened.
He decided to join and made sure to tell them. He broke his arm at the first game. His parents worried about him.
She ordered pizza for us and it was delicious. I would definitely eat it again in an instant. It was the best food I ever had.
He wore a lot of socks so he filled an entire load with them. When he got the clothes back he reached in to grab the pairs. He noticed a sock had gone missing, and could never find it.
All guests had responded. The food had been ordered. The night would have been great.
Her new nail broke while in the sand. When she pulled her hand out there was sand in the cracks. The pain was intense as she cleaned the sand from the wound.
So Peter worked hard to do his chores all week thinking they will change their minds. That Saturday they went to the pound and picked a puppy. Peter was happy to have a new companion.
Finally I found one online. When I put it on the iPad it fit perfectly. I was thankful it fit.
Hank led Bob to a storage room where there was many boxes. In each box there was a bounty of glass animals. Bob was very disappointed in his inheritance but thankful he didn't get the glass animals.
So, Emma devoted a lot of time to studying hard. Soon she was earning As in all her classes! Emma was still wasn't allowed to get a job and earn spending money!
Her sister, Beth, was terrible with plants and killed them easily. Madeline decided to get her a cactus instead of giving away her plants, since they were hard to kill. Beth was happy with her gift, which managed to survive.
She was dedicated on working for it. The she presented it to her dad. Her dad teared up at the thoughtful gift!
After she was done, They all drank the hot cocoa. The taste was amazing. They all couldn't believe it.
As the girls arrived in the city they were in awe. They thought it was great where she grew up. By the end of the trip they couldn't wait to go back.
He went to Bestbuy. They had a big sale on PCs. Liam decided to return his mac and go with a PC instead.
After 3 weeks Jane arrived home to see the back gate secured. She called to the puppy who was running around. Jim cried when she told him the puppy did a cute thing.
We got into a few minor arguments. Eventually we tied. Unfortunately nobody else agreed.
Then she decided to join a local church youth group. Everyone there was so very nice to her. She warmed up to them and made tons of friends!
Margo went to the picnic with her favorite teddy bear. They gave out prizes and food for the kids with their books. Margo had a great time.
Jane remembered that her dentist warned against chewing gum. Jane took the gum because she didn't want to offend her friend. After school, Jane spent an hour getting gum out of her braces.
Yet on the way to the table, she dropped it but luckily it landed on a soft rug. Alexia was so relieved. She couldn't believe she dropped it.
She invites three friends over for pizza. Jason put the pizza in the attic. Jason and his girlfriend have his friends help clean the attic in exchange for pizza.
One day, Mike forgot to close their front door. A cat walked in the open door. The cat curled up happily under the baby's crib.
I could not get the outcome right at first. Finally, I'm done. I finished doing my task at work.
He took all the art classes he could. He even got a award for best painting at the fair. He decided that art was more for him than sports.
Her team immediately got to work on a small house. It took weeks to finish the place. Lexi felt so good helping someone in need.
The new trick was really dangerous. Sam accidentally fell. Sam landed badly on his leg and broke it.
His story referenced violence and his teacher was worried. She reported him and he got into big trouble. He never understood why they got mad at him.
Her friend accompanied her to the hospital. She immediately got first aid for her broken leg. The doctor said she needs to rest her leg for a couple of weeks.
At first she hated the work, thinking it was frustrating and hard. But gradually she got used to the job. Soon Tia could recognize the work ethic her job was teaching her!
I noticed they hadn't protected their internet. I started using their wifi without a password. We don't get along well, but I'm glad they're here.
The dog turned out to be super barky. I went into the kitchen and got the pup some food. I gave the puppy the food and I went back to bed, both of us happy.
To keep her streak she decided to check into an intense support group. There, she learned tips and tricks for staying sober. After leaving the support group, Lyra finally got clean for good!
She thought that nature loving was great! Then Ari revealed his chosen career path to her. After high school, he became a forest ranger!
The next morning she woke up with a shock. The safe was gone. Maria noticed an open window and realized that her safe was stolen.
Since she was able to pay her bills, she walked to a jewelry shop. She decided to buy a ring. She no longer had a saving afterwards.
While playing with his toys, Nemo knocked over his fish's bowl. The fish was in the bowl when it fell. Nemo, on the verge of tears, was extremely sad.
While hugging, he flipped his eyelids up so that his eyes looked red. Then, his cousin hid behind a wall. When his cousin came out past the wall, he jumped out and scared him.
Today my wife took the day off to clean. She tidied up the living room. We are excited to see our granddaughter.
They always treated her kindly. Now, as an adult, Mollie has become a successful lawyer and mother. Both Andrew and Julia get help from her quickly when they need it.
Mary looked through cookbook for chip recipes. She baked four batches of chips to enjoy. Her salty craving was satisfied!
They walked all day and didn't notice it was dark already so she asked her friend to hold her phone and tossed it to her. Later, when she asked for it back, her friend didn't have it. Andrea had accidentally dropped the phone on the ground.
The soda spilled everywhere. Tina was embarrassed. The store manager cleaned up the mess and consoled Tina.
He thought maybe it could be fixed. Luke had checked every repair shop, but they said it was irreparable. Luke couldn't afford a new phone and buy himself dinner.
He agreed to give a fearful friend a swimming lesson. Fred was a calm and friendly instructor and put his friend at ease. By the end of the lesson, Fred's friend had learned to love the water.
When her grandma arrived Julie explained that they were going to have a spa day. For some reason, her grandmother was upset about being surprised. Despite Julie's protests, her grandmother left without another word.
But Emily got tired of the arguing. It was her primary means of communication, but it never worked. Finally, her parents put her down for a nap, hoping for the best.
One night, Gregory waited in the garden to see what was happening. A rabbit came into the garden and got chased away by his dog. Gregory's dog chased the rabbit out of the garden.
One year on a trip to Vietnam, he rented a motorcycle. Riding the motorcycle was one of the most fun things he had ever done. When he got home, Dan was so glad he decided to take motorcycle lessons.
One day he took pictures from a rap concert in a park. A photography company was interested when they saw Anthony taking pictures. They asked Anthony to send sample pictures to them.
Instead, he threw a few onions on the pan. Since the heat was on high, the oil flew from the pan. It landed on Jake's face.
He went to the mall to go shopping. He found some nice socks for her. Her grandmother loved the new socks James bought her.
He threw a praise too and a friendship broke out. The other player likes  Bill. Bill decided that he would like to make friends with them until he was stronger.
That way they would see who was the better baker! Each one entered a homemade cake. But neither one won the contest!
He said my item was very big. The man dressed up as Santa said he would try his best. I walked away excited for Christmas day.
Phil was very happy, because he was feeling great. Phil went to practice and got some work in for his game. Phil gained even more strength and won the big game!
As they walked, Becca saw a pretty necklace and and asked to stop to look at it. When she looked up, her mom had stopped! Luckily, her nice mother saw her looking and helped her buy it.
She didn't try to get it up in the air. She didn't want to figure it out, but then her brother demonstrated. It worked just fine until it got caught in a tree!
The rider kept his grip as the bull reared up. Ryan watched as the rider began to get off of the bell and trip to the ground beside the bull. Springing into action he helped the rider to his feet.
She decided to eat the cereal with milk the next time. But she found it too soggy. So Cammy decided to eat something besides cereal.
But the light bulb shattered everywhere. He went to the kitchen to fetch a broom. Once the glass was cleared away, he sat back down to work.
Jim worked to save up by cutting other luxuries. He found a new mouse on sale and bought two. Jim's excited for them to arrive.
The prices were exactly what he could pay for. As he walked to the gate happily, an Irish person said hello. John went to Ireland and never came back.
So he decided to go inside and watch TV. Kim got tired of hiding and saw Tom watching TV inside. Kim was angry that he gave up.
The teacher asked the class for a volunteer. After no one volunteered Amy stayed quiet, because she was unsure of herself. To her relief she answered the teacher's question correctly.
She decided to try wearing them one more day. The shoes became looser through the day. Finally, the shoes fit right.
So she got some fabric and began sewing. Soon she had a beautiful handmade dress. All Anna's friends loved and complimented her new dress!
We usually score points one by one. I tried to make a casual practice shot. However, it missed the hoop and shattered my neighbors window.
Her eyes are open, but her mind is very dreary. All she wants is a good night's rest. Tonight might be the night she sleeps.
The trip went well at first as everyone was getting along. However Kelly started a fight with Ramona and it threw the trip off. By the end of the trip everyone was fighting.
She accepted both the invites. Sophia bought a new dress for the party. She wore it proudly and elegantly
My mother and father ate some pieces. We all got sick over the weekend. We decided to go back to Freddie Parker's from then on.
I looked under his bathroom cabinets for dust. I looked in his kitchen cupboards but found nothing there either. Finally I just asked him and he said he his maid is a perfectionist.
In his apartment he had a large tv. We sat on the couch and watched tv. We watched two shows then turned it off.
The kids bought some chicks and they loved the chicks and played with them all day. Unfortunately, one of the baby birds died. The kids and Zoey buried it with some nice flowers.
She should have cut down slowly. Every day she hurt immensely. However she was now totally clean from heroin!
She was really nervous but she thought she could do well. Sadly, her piece didn't even sell enough to merit keeping. She decided to just try again next year.
Pat strapped the jetpack to himself on the test pad he made. He looked at the sky and switched on the engine. Pat stayed on the pad and didn't zoom away into the sky because the battery was not working.
They scrambled to get her on her feet before their mother got home. She managed to fake a smile to her mom. Then they risked to tell their mom she had broken foot.
I read the salary of the jobs. Some of the jobs paid too less. I put my resume in the database.
The first coaster they went on was superman. Pete was scared and had a terrible time. At the end of the day he was disappointed.
She was squeezing the fruit really hard. Suddenly, juice spurted out of the orange. Orange juice went everywhere and she had to clean it up.
Apartments in the city were too expensive. She was glad she was able to find a cheaper place. Her house was just the one that she wanted.
I saw one of the Bruins only five feet away from the camera. His car went right past the camera. I got a good look at him since the car was going slowly.
Stan bought his son a glove, a bat, and a baseball at the game. Stan practiced pitching and hitting in the back yard for weeks. Eventually Stan's son joined a baseball team as a very valued player.
She was trying to sleep but couldn't because of her excitement. Instead, she read a book. Finally, she was wore out enough that she fell asleep.
His brother ate them all while Kenny was gone. Kenny was disappointed when he found out. He bought a new package when he got to the store that night.
Cindy never thought it was an old one. Joe couldn't afford to buy one so he worked hard to save money. Joe finally saved enough and purchased himself a new phone.
Joan's husband got tired of fixing the tractor when it got stuck. He decided to watch Joan mow to see what was the matter. Joan mowed tight circles in one direction, breaking the wheel.
The DJ laughed because he needed a more specific request. The man tried to convince the DJ to play summer hits. The DJ appreciated the enthusiasm so much he played the song.
Richard carefully drew his bow and aimed. He let the arrow fly. He shot the orange but he also took off a piece of Nic's hair.
His plane had landing gear problems. He had to take an emergency landing. The next day he got an all clear and was flying high again.
She got vanilla instead, but while she was walking, she dropped it. A large scoop fell onto the floor. She then proceeded to pick it up.
She was on the bottom area of the treehouse and purposefully fell onto a pile of leaves. When she fell she smiled with joy. Alicia had to do it again.
Her family gathered around her for support. Lana was buried a year after the initial diagnosis. Lana is now resting in peace.
Carly told her teacher that she had worked on her strength every day for two months, as instructed. Her teacher was impressed with her progress, and realized that it was nonsensical to say that Carly's ankles were too strong. She apologized and allowed Carly to take introductory en pointe classes!
She loved public speaking! She rehearsed a lot and felt very confident. Lisa ended up giving a great speech!
As time went on his ability to spout facts and figures began to impress customers. Given a promotion, he managed inventory based on this alone. His skill as a master manipulator helped him save face many times.
It didn't matter because they got a great spot to watch the July fourth fireworks. As soon as it was dark enough, sparks lit the air. The display was fabulous this year.
When Jackson challenged her she laughed. If all the girls could beat her there was no way she could beat a boy. She was not stunned when Jackson won.
Gina didn't want to have no friends. She didn't consider apologizing to Rita and Mary. She met new people and had friends again.
The doctor said he was eating too much fat. Jon decided to cut down on whole milk. Instead, he opted to drink fat-free milk.
He was hoping there would be at least one cat left. Even if it was an older cat. Sam instead found a dog and adopted it.
I even caught her once following me in her car. I told her to stop avoiding me and harassing my business. She still avoids me and harasses my business every now and again.
One day I decided to use my size to my advantage. When the other kids wouldn't move over I'd start to sit anyway. I'd slide right in because I was so small.
His dad enrolled him to a professional tennis class. Peter improved his skills more. He later became a professional tennis player.
As she was walking in the  store to return it the alarm went off. The clerk had to check it. Lo and behold there was 1 sensor in her small purse.
All her bridesmaids helped her look for her dress. She wasn't ready to walk down the aisle! Everyone in the church started helping her look, too.
They finally got a house of their own. Soon enough, they were exhausted from cooking, cleaning & paying bills. They realized having a house wasn't so much fun.
He wanted to hide because he was so overwhelmed. He decided to follow up on one potential job offer. He got the job.
When they gave up on the boat, Jamie climbed straight onto the tube behind the boat instead. After leaving her family and the boat behind, the tube suddenly popped. Jamie turned around and swam back to the shore, where her family retrieved her from the water.
That night, she made a soup. The ingredients went perfect together. The soup came out tasting great.
Finally the day was here, and Leo had everything set up. Food, drinks, games and lots of really good music. All his co-workers and friends came and he is now popular in their office.
They did not know why there was no lifeguard at the beach. Then an ambulance arrived, they found out that there was a shark attack. They felt sad for the lifeguard that was attacked by the shark but they were glad that it was not them
Tommy's parents brought him to the pet store. He picked out the cutest kitten. Tommy was so happy for his new friend!
And still both agreed to compromise by setting it at 68 degrees. When Joan still felt cold, she got suspicious. She saw her husband had written 68 at the 60 degree mark.
Her friends told her to visit a massage therapist. She looked on the Internet and found one that was highly rated. The therapist massaged her pain away and Sarah was happy.
She applied for food stamps after being released from prison. She received government aid to buy food. Now Anna had no problem feeding herself.
After the game, she was looking for her phone in her backpack because she forgot she didn't bring it. She was sad all game long and checked her house when she got home. She was happy to learn that her phone had been at the house the whole time.
Ava didn't mind if they didn't, because she had an idea. She was going to smash the berries and make strawberry jam. Either way, none of the berries would have gone to waste!
When they got there, they kept walking and walking. Pretty soon they were somewhere in the middle. They had seats near the back!
I happened to look off in the distance, and I saw a shark fin. I screamed "Shark," but everyone had cleared out of the ocean. My whole family and I ran and left the beach.
She was allergic to anchovies. She got annoyed and talked to the manager. The manager apologized and gave her an extra free pizza.
The next night, she had a party and many people showed up and they played drinking games on the table. The table got broken. Joanna was grounded for 6 months.
He wanted me to replace another retiree. I was able to replace him and start work. I feel it is always good to not burn bridges.
He found that he really liked guitars and fixing them. He found a college with a great guitat program as well. His entire family was proud that he was finally going to college.
It was an original of the famous brand. You had to look down the camera to view the subject. Nowadays I just use a digital camera.
This time for her birthday she got a nice pair of earrings. The earrings were gold and from Tiffany's. Maggie was as pleased as ever.
I remembered my friends liked Turkey so I ordered it. Indeed, my friends loved the turkey. Alas, it was my most expensive turkey and they finished all of it.
Al set up a farm stand to sell off his extra food. Many people came by to buy his beets. Al made a lot of money when all his beets were gone.
When he finally got to the window he talked softly to them. They immediately apologized before he could say anything. They had an accident and offered free food to make it up to him.
The stickers she chose for eyes had peeled away from the dew. Upset she told her grandma what happened. Grandma laughed and decided they would use paint instead.
After graduating from business school, Mike bought three cabs. He hired three cab drivers, starting his own business. Mike's Rides is now the largest taxi service in Atlanta, Georgia.
My friend saw one, and asked me what was  wrong with the leaning tree. I told her it was dying. She felt sad.
Zach was annoyed at Carl for being rude. But Carl later apologized to Zack. After class, they talked to each other and got over their rivalry.
He invited friends over to see it. He told them that he wanted to watch a horror movie. They outvoted him and decided to watch a basketball game instead.
They decided to find the town hall. They got the help they needed. Then they could all get back to their homes.
She couldn't chop it up and place into a bowl and taste it. It would have tasted delicious and she wouldn't have been able to wait to try more. She was so hungry she would have eaten it all.
He wanted to improve, and decided to just write on his own. He penned some articles, Xeroxed them and passed them out. His classmates all loved his well-written editorials!
Ted knew it would take some time to finalize. It took him five long years. He bought the most condominium house on the block!
Initially, she enjoyed the company. But later, she developed a cough. She didn't realize how unhealthy the close quarters were.
nd now the other people had left the bathroom. But now that she was alone, she forgot her cigarettes at her lcoker. When she realized it, she left the stall.
She was so excited since it was her favorite singer. Ann finally got to meet the singer and he was very rude. Ann was disappointed since she would never think he was like that.
Seats were assigned by the computer and Dan had to sit in the middle. The flight left on time and arrived early, but Dan didn't like that he had to pack so many things. The cheap flight ended up being worth the discomfort of middle seats.
Finally she liked her wildest choice. She rocked it out to the club. Everyone looked at her funny and she regretted her decision.
She pushed past people upon entering. She saw the sign for her subway . She stopped short at the bottom and watched the train pull away.
Trish likes Metallica while Bob prefers Korn. The concert featured Motorhead. Trish and Bob both ended up enjoying the concert.
He stood there for 15 minutes waiting. He went to his teacher and asked for assistance. The teacher told him to wait for the other batch of examinees.
He won several races. He broke two records. The school still has his picture on display.
She got up and brushed her teeth and went downstairs. Whiskers continued to eat. Mary poured water into the cat's bowl and he purred happily.
He gave me a free lunch as a reward. I appreciated his hospitality. Helping friends move is easy and I would definitely do it again.
When she was done, Marge lugged the rolled coins to the bank, leaving the rest at home. There, the teller split open each roll like a tube of dough. Marge collected her money thinking of her hours wasted rolling coins.
Sally couldn't find a spare pare of jeans. She grabbed a shirt and tied it around her waist. Sally had never been so embarrassed.
Her boss explained that Carole's new job was due to her work ethics. Carole went back to her desk to clear her things stunned to move into a larger office. She walked to her office shaky and grateful for her promotion.
He made me cake and gave me a present. I opened the present and got a tv. I hugged my dad and then he went home.
Luckily, someone gave him a ticket to sit in the second row. The show was magnificent. He will remember that night forever.
She needed an A to pass her class. Clara finally took the test. She got an F.
When it was all done, he wasn't satisfied. Then, he had an idea. He went outside and found some grass to make real bushes.
It was awkward and strange. But the difference was worth it so he changed his mind and got the braces. Now he enjoys smiling more often.
I saw a blue truck on the way home from school after class. Then I saw a woman in a blue dress. When I got home I told my mom about what I had learned.
So, we still brace every time bad weather brews. Hurricane season is dreaded on the coast. People always take it seriously.
She found them after a year they came back. Emma wasn't very fond of her birth parents or their lifestyle. She became very thankful that she was adopted.
He had orange juice instead. Unfortunately, the juice was expired. Zack developed an upset stomach from the juice.
On one of his first days there he did get lost he had to stop and retrace his steps back home. It took him 2 hours to finally make it back home that day. Christopher is so familiar with the town now he no longer has to keep a map in his car.
Abe asked his professor for help as well. They both patiently walked him through some examples. Abe feels much more confident with his clauses now.
They spent an hour browsing different ones. In the end, they didn't watch anything. Amy knows that she needs to have a movie picked out for now on.
After uploading her profile picture she got lots of friends request. She also got a lot of messages that were lewd or uninteresting. She decided to not use social media again.
Jason does research about his neighbor's habits. He decides to subscribe to a new service. Finally, the new internet service is installed.
Bill drank a glass of whiskey. Bill waited for his headache to subside. After ten minutes, Bill no longer had a headache.
Andy didn't give up on looking for a local business. Eventually, Andy got his first client. Andy did well in making them a website.
This made his job boring. He decided to quit. He got a salary job to challnge himself.
She was running towards the volleyball and her partner was also moving. She drove her shoulder bones into her partner. They were both sore for weeks.
Yolanda sat in the living room chair as the hairstylist worked magic To her surprise, the stylist did not take that much off. Yolanda looked in the mirrror and actually liked the cut.
One day she asked for gas money or a cut of the profits. I gave her some gas money though its free. It's just that her husband who was mean and stingy.
He played in community college football but found players in college hit really hard. After a while, he was rapidly building his strength. Michael was offered a full-ride scholarship to transfer to the University of Texas.
He got the food and put the bag in his lap. After he ate some of the food, he noticed he couldn't get up! The sauce had leaked out and made him  get stuck!
I ended up downloading Facebook games. It has given me numerous hours of fun. Yesterday I finally beat the game.
She was also told to try a whitening toothpaste. After a few weeks of using one, she noticed an improvement. Tina was satisfied with her new, whiter smile.
Damian bought a cat instead. He locked the cat in a crate  when he wasn't around to prevent accidents. After a month, Damian was able to effectively potty train his cat.
She immediately convince her mother to take her. Amy had to shop taking her time since her mom loves it. She found an outfit she liked, and look for shoes.
They hired a marriage counselor and went for some sessions. Then they realized they didn't want to part. The marriage counselor was thrilled, and then submitted her invoice.
It was right before Selene had to go and stay with her grandparents in Wyoming for a week. She was very sad and mourned her dogs while she was gone. Selene eventually got over it and returned home from her visit.
Joey was naturally friendly. He instantly made new friends. His new friends think he is really cool.
She saw a flyer in the paper about Sky Diving. Immediately she was intrigued, so she signed herself up. A day later, Annie was jumping out of a plane.
She was thankful to the bus driver, and said they weren't all nice like that. There was a time before when she was close enough to touch the bus when it pulled away! That time, Carol had limped back home and went back to bed.
The night of the party Sam changed his mind. He went to the party instead of staying home. His friends knew he would do that.
She took Connie to the doctor. The doctor reassured them that Connie just needed glasses. Connie was glad that nothing was seriously wrong.
Her sister helped her pick out gifts. Together they went to the mall and bought stuff for their teachers. Ella's teachers were so happy with her gifts
She was glad not to go. The day of the party, Amy relaxed at home. Amy's friend from work stayed just long enough to make an appearance and had a terrible time.
Today had been a really bad day because Charlie lost his job. He didn't want to go to his favorite comedy spot to be cheered up. He made himself go anyway and for a couple of hours at least, he forgot about his troubles.
Mike became annoyed by the comments and then one day snapped. Mike was caught on a video having an outburst and his life became worse Mike learned that fame came at a big price and was upset.
My son came over and drove us to his house. We had a big brunch and a nice dessert. My wife posted photos on Facebook.
After buying the gear he drove home with it. When he got it home, he noticed it didn't turn on. He took his purchase back and got a replacement.
The next day, she got up in front of the class and she started sneezing. Her eyes watered and her allergies prevented her from finishing. Her teacher felt sorry and told her she could reschedule it next week.
Which was good because he didn't throw the ball at the Snyder's window. There wasn't shattered glass everywhere. And the Snyder's didn't demand that Tommy's parents pay for the damage.
Finally for her 12th birthday they got her a surprise. It was a big stuffed pony. Jane loved that her parents tried.
Bob saw his life dramatically improve after this. He attributed this to studying the works of those leaders and the advice of his father. Bob found a hobby he enjoyed for much of his life.
Samuel did just as well as anyone in his Spanish class. He began to watch all of his movies in Spanish. He caught on quickly and is now very good at it.
He would open his nose wide for their delicious smell. The business depended on Bill focusing on his burger making. In the end, Bill could handle the pressure after eating burgers.
His mother laughed, how could he have a party without games? When everyone arrived, they sat in a big circle and Ian recreated the unboxing videos he saw online. After a few rounds, everyone clapped and had a great time.
For gifts they exchanged foods. They liked to give perishable items. He gave her chocolates, she gave him skittles.
We missed seeing the exotic animals. One of them might have gotten too close and we all would have gotten scared. Our guide would have had to keep us safe.
In order to find her things she went to a library. On her way in, she made sure to stop and grab coffee from the machine. Once she had that, she found her books and notes on the table and began to review.
Someone else at the theater impolitely did not turn his volume down. Jerome listened to the person switching his phone to vibrate mode. Everyone in the theater including Jerome watched the film peacefully.
Her iguana sat watching Beth as she came inside. Finally she stepped in the door and toward the terrarium. Her iguana quickly scurried out of sight.
He screamed in frustration. I figured out his leg was cramping. I helped him relax his leg to lessen the pain.
One day Charles came back to take pictures of the house across the street from his old house. The owner came outside and gave Charles a manual for shooting video. Charles read it and the homeowner gave Charles a job on a film crew.
On his way there was a train accident that created a traffic jam. He waited for 30 minutes before he was able to move. When he got to work he apologized to his boss.
Everyone except Jeff bought presents for someone else for fun anyways. Jeff got a gift but felt guilty because he had nothing to give back. Afterwards, Jeff decided to be more generous.
He talked to some guys at the local fish market. One guy said he would take him out the next weekend. They went out and used poles and caught a trout!
He excitedly ate one. It turned out to be prunes. He spat it into the trash.
He spent the whole day that way. At the end of the day, neither had caught anything. But they both agreed it had been a wonderful day!
Mike then swerved and his car slid along a wall. Mike's leg was crushed and in a lot of pain. When he got to the hospital, they saw that it had been broken.
He decided to drink coffee. But it made him feel jittery and anxious but not sleep at all. Mike felt so bad that he no choice but to stay in bed.
He decides to do the opposite, and goes to a barber. The barber gives Jason a great haircut. Now Jason looks terrific.
Mark  woke up started to walk around his new neighborhood, exploring everywhere. Mark soon realized that he was lost! Mark's parents went looking for him and found him soon.
A few minutes after the load started, he remembered his phone. Jake was too late when he ran downstairs to the washing machine. The water had already filled and ruined his phone.
They decided to play at the six-foot children's hoops. And they had fun swinging from the low hoops easily scoring slam dunks. They decided to use the children's area more often.
Her mother stood over her scowling. Amy meant to clean the mess up before she fell asleep. Her plan had fallen apart.
Alex hydroplaned and hit a sign. The car was broke and they had to push the car. Soon they got it free and the tow truck came.
Soon she had switched to full decaf. The change was very gradual. Mora found it very easy to do!
After dinner she was left with some scraps and bones from dinner. She visited the dog who perked up when he saw the food. He eagerly ate, and happily chewed on the bone for a long time.
The man put the case in the storage room. When he recalled it, he realized he spent a lot of money for it. He told himself that was enough money he used.
But when she looked into her room, her valuable things were all gone. She called the police immediately. Luckily, they caught the thieves a week later.
Cole knew that his math teacher was going to give a test on that day. Cole could not afford to dumb taking a test. Cole decided that he was not going to take part in the annual pajama day.
Her mother took her to the doctor. The doctor gave her some medicine. The medicine didn't help the problem.
He invited total strangers and asked them to invite others. The day comes and no one shows up. Greg was very unhappy.
She's always so happy, running along in the walker. She coos and caws, learning to walk is so much fun. She starts to run and chase her sister.
After explaining the reasoning, the toddler was still curious. However, I told her that we would celebrate my birthday for pretend. Now every time I visit, I have a pretend birthday party with her.
Then I helped him up and offered to buy him lunch. We walked to a sub shop and I bought him a sub. I did not want him to buy a drink with a handout.
The interview with the hiring manager went very well. Lisa was hired by the hiring manager. She later learned the manager never found her wild pictures on the internet.
At the end of each season, they would try to plant anew batch. This year, there had been an special seed of tomatoes they found. They had a great time attempting to plant tomatoes.
So he pulled over expecting the worst. The the tire was flat again. Bob was angry that he had another a flat tire.
Ben saved up the money and put it into home insurance. They took his savings and set up an insurance policy. Now Ben's new house was perfect!
They went to see all of the sites. The dined on local cuisine. They were home by the weekend, exhausted but happy.
She spent the night just lying on her bed. This year was so like the others. She never liked New Year's Eve.
She drove to work with the iced coffee between her legs. Suddenly the iced coffee spilled all over her. Karen had to go back to home to change her pants.
At the gallery the other artists were blown away. He knew he would become a recognized artist. His paintings went great with the gallery and his paintings sold quickly.
He shook the bottle and nothing came out. So Nick shook it harder and started hitting it on the back. Suddenly, a huge glob of ketchup came pouring out all over his plate.
At midnight he drove down the freeway at one hundred miles an hour in his old car. A police officer saw him and chased him down. But the officer cited Charles for street racing and speeding.
The lady was unresponsive, I started to shout for help. After 5 minutes of desperation, a man started to walk near us. The lady was given CPR by the man.
When her mother wasn't looking, Audrey started pushing the stroller. She pushed the stroller into a rock and bumped the baby. The baby yelled at Audrey all the way home.
These individuals seemed to get all the perks and promotions so he decided to try golf. Jim decided to take lessons at the country club. Within a year, he was golfing with his boss and up for a promotion.
They all started throwing paper balls at each other playfully. Max grabbed a huge paper ball and threw it as hard as he could. It missed everyone but the light post.
Therefore, Jeff tried to make a surprise pitch. However, Jenny missed the throw and ended up pouting in the corner by Max. He fell over from the force of the pitch.
And he realizes that he wants to try some carrots. When he gets home, he eats a delicious carrot. Vladimir is happy that he finally is eating vegetables.
She checked the local listing to find a chef. She read their resumes to see who was best for her. She couldn't decide between 4 chefs.
At first it was tricky! But she got used to healthy eating soon. Almost immediately afterward, losing weight was effortless!
He was bombarded with Coneheads jokes. Everyone would ask what happened to his head. It became tiresome quickly.
It was Wednesday, no time to find one anywhere else. Glen grabbed the last three Cornish game hens for sale in the case. Thanksgiving would be saved after all!
After 3 minutes, it was cool enough to eat. None of the pieces of popcorn were burnt. I ate everything.
When Amy found out, she was mad. Kelly knew Amy was mad at Katie. Katie didn't feel so badly.
He asked for more coffee. The bartender had to cut him off at closing time. Jake called his friends over to the car and drove them home.
The worker told Mitch that the tickets were long since sold out. Mitch slammed a $50 bill on the counter and told him to check again. The worker said that he just found a ticket for him.
So now he could go back to driving his car to work instead of walking. He could eat high calorie snacks instead of fruit. By the end of the month, Tim had lost twenty five pounds.
I heard the clothes were amazing. After the show there was an after party. They said the party was very fun.
An hour and a half later I was still waiting for him at the restaurant. Eventually I called and he said he was right around the corner. By the time he had gotten here I had already eaten.
I am glad I did not get pulled over. A cop could have given me a ticket for an expired registration. I'll remember from now on to pay attention to it
However, one afternoon he drinks a soda as a special treat. He savors the delicious soda once again. However, after drinking it, Daniel feels remorse.
It was Lexi's turn to eat canned salmon. And she thought they tasted terrible. Lexi felt too sick to eat anymore.
I went to answer it and it slipped and it fell straight to the ground. I was shocked when I looked at the cracks. I sighed relief when I realized it can be fixed.
Marge turned on the overhead light and listened until the light dimmed. Marge realized she had drained the car battery. She turned off the light and pretended to be sleeping.
Sue told Ann to let him rot in jail. When Scott finally got out of jail, Scott lifts a coffeemaker from a diner. Both Ann and Scott are jailed just across the state line because she gave him a ride.
Because I was afraid that he would kill my family if I didn't pay him. So I had to sell most of my household belongings to make the payment. In the end, I learned to never again use a loan shark.
He went to the library to look for it. Then, he checked the computer for the book. Luckily, he found it on a nearby shelf.
Then, my sharpener broke so I couldn't sharpen a pencil if I even had one. I got fed up and decided to buy some mechanical pencils. Now, I didn't have to deal with sharpeners or regular pencils and I was so happy!
Kelly agreed. When they got there, she forgot the rules. Luckily, Dave was helpful.
However, Chad had to stop for gas as he was going on a trip. As Chad approached the gas station, he noticed the long lines. Unfortunately, Chad had to wait, as he was almost out of gas.
But he would like to have some more. He was beginning to get frustrated where he could get money to buy it. But then on his birthday, his grandpa surprised him with a new card.
James refused and went back to playing outside. Later, his mother called him again to take a shower. James refused yet again and ignored her.
Later in the day, she drove 4 hours to be with her friends. She had let them all stay at her house and cook in her kitchen. When she got home, she had another wonderful party with her friends.
The cat seemed mean and Jeff didn't pet it on the head. The cat hissed and scratched Jeff on his hand. Jeff realized the cat was a mean cat and was glad he didn't pet it.
Jane challenged Nina to a race. Nina declined the challenge because she was afraid of the lake. Nina did not continue the race.
Caroline didn't mind Andy dated her twin sister. Caroline noticed she was falling in love with Andy and so was he They married after a month.
Yesterday, I convinced her to join my friends and I in a game. She wouldn't admit it, but she had a lot of fun. I will invite her again next time we play.
He turned to the shooter and threatened him. Before anybody knew it the man who shot was dead. The other man who shot him smiled and walked away.
She wore a dress she already had that was years old, her boyfriend mentioned how short it was. She thought about it and realized that it was. She was so embarrassed about it.
When he got home, he gorged on his donuts. Billy became hyper from all the sugar. After running around for a while, he conked out on the couch.
George managed to get out of bed. He got an uber to work. George was able to get to the meeting in time.
There, she searched for hours. Kay ended up buying several new outfits. She had a successful time on her shopping trip!
She was going to put up flyers. Right when she saw him her dog jumped up. Jane was glad and excited.
One day he's working on recycling garbage. The next day he'll look into water conservation. Ethan knows little things will make a difference.
He was thrilled when she brought it home. Then, his mother found chocolate vanilla ice cream. Tom and his mother made the same disgusted face at the thought!
For weeks he just dealt with being in pain. The tooth chipped and he needed two root canals. He ended up having to suffer after the root canals.
Steve got out and charged at the enemy. A bullet ripped into his arm but he kept running. He fired his rifle and took out the opposing soldier.
Little Billy also found a large box He fabricated another play house out of the box and some Mega Bloks. Little Billy now had two different play houses.
Oli woke up in the midnight and saw that the TV was still on. He stood up and turned off the TV. Oli went back to sleep.
He didn't lift one end of his sofa and drag it to a new location. He didn't switch paintings on his walls. The room looked exactly the same.
They were annoyed by Jordan's other friends' voices getting louder and louder. Jordan noticed people were staring at them. She was so embarrassed she decided to leave, too.
His socks would get crusty from the smell. The last night he stayed, I made him wash his feet. It still stunk.
But she knew she was obligated to, so Sue walked over to see them and gave the mom a hug. The little boy looked up and saw her and said hi. After awkwardly talking to them, the father came over and hugged her also.
He was  dressed in fancy a fancy tux. Dan was amazed at how funny he was. Dan wasn't disappointed in the show.
But eventually she came around, and she began to like it. The two played each other. Fred ended up winning.
Her boyfriend asked her out on a dinner date. Lucy instantly gave in. They had a dinner at a fancy restaurant.
Sam was crying when he went to tell his mom what happened to the bust. Sam and his mom gathered the pieces of the bust and glued them back together. Sam smiled as he put the bust back where it belonged.
Sue was happy she had gotten her cosmetology license. She had graduated and quickly opened up her own salon. Sue now owns the biggest salon in her state.
They have basket raffles and other prizes too. The turnout gets bigger and bigger each year. I love it and can't wait for it to come again this year.
Cam stayed home and waited for Joe. After an hour, Joe was nowhere to be seen. Cam called Joe and Joe said he was stuck in traffic.
The man concluded that the coin was fair. He beat another man by sheer luck on a coin toss. To his chagrin, the earlier results had been nothing more than chance.
Gary didn't listen however, he was planning a prank against her. He pushed her back and she landed in the pool. Her shirt later shrank since it got soaked.
One of my new students had a litter of puppies she was giving away. I decided to pay her for the little male puppy, who couldn't find a home. He happily came to live with me that day.
The children loved that Esther let them to choose their own colors. When the kids weren't looking Esther knocked an egg off the table. She sent the kids upstairs and cleaned up the broken egg and yolk in secret.
A friend advised me to create a detailed plan with steps for my new role. I did as she advised. Today I'm happy because procrastination is behind me.
We went to Central Park. We saw a show on Broadway. We wish we had pictures to show everyone when we got home but we didn't.
They also complimented her flowers. She finally found out how to make them grow faster. Now she has all the vegetables she can eat!
When he reached for his wallet he couldn't find it. I offered to pay for his food. The man was relieved and endlessly thanked me.
I had so much fun cooking for them. I made them all my specialty dishes. The couple loved the food on Christmas morning.
Lily's mom got it out of the trash and put it on for her brother. She grounded Lily for throwing it away Lily sat in her room while the video played for her little brother.
Her husband tried to rush to the hospital. He couldn't get there in time, though. She had the baby all alone.
So Harris decided not to go to the bar downtown with them. He drank way too much green beer at home. Harris threw up, and will never celebrate St Patrick's day again.
She just searched for it online. Her friends Mary and Tami did the same thing. Gina was disappointed because she cannot find any information.
He then visited an eye doctor to ask about this. The doctor diagnosed him with myopia or nearsightedness. John kept wearing glasses and could see perfectly from then on.
Zola started cleaning around the cabin. Suddenly, she noticed a big box. Inside, she found an old toy that she forgot she placed there.
Then she cooked lots of food for her. Her friend arrived on time. They ate, drank and had a great time.
He has a different color in each room. Pablo's wife wonders if he should have used just one color. Pablo loves the paint, though.
Life on his own turned out to be a lot tougher than he had expected. It scared him he had  thought about jumping onto the freeway below. He was glad he didn't kill himself.
I demanded they give me a new hot dog. The cafe refused. I decided to never return to the cafe.
The afghan covered him from head to toe. I quickly became emotional to see my father wearing it. Thirty three years later I still gets emotional whenever I remember my father.
He continued to argue with his little sister in the car. Finally, his mom pulled into the ice cream parking lot. Ethan sat there empty handed while his sister had a gigantic vanilla ice cream.
Jorge asked his neighbors if they could watch his door for the delivery. He would be at work all weekend. After the working weekend was over, Jorge finally had his game!
The boat would leak gas everywhere! We knew how to fix it. We didn't have problems after that.
But then she observed a lovely pro-American demonstration. The marchers even carried the American flag! Nellie decided she didn't want to return home.
The doorbell rang, so we went to see who it was. When we came back, the fridge was open Our dog had eaten every last piece of bacon.
Her friend's family all finished dinner. Rachel couldn't eat any pumpkin pie for dessert. But they all socialized and laughed until Rachel went home.
Gina was embarrassed and didn't want her mom to know she kept it. She asked her mom for the receipt so she could return the NyQuil. She was relieved when her mom believed she got a refund for the NyQuil.
After a few days of riding, Marnie kept raising the training wheels a little. Frank didn't realize the wheels kept getting higher. Frank was riding without training wheels altogether in only 8 days.
At the last second, she got more calm. She stood in the front of the room to sing. Everyone had to contain their cheering.
One day a kid named Billy approached him. Billy asked Bob to train him to play tennis. Bob happily granted the kid's request.
Jake was splashing everyone. His friends asked him to tone it down but he wouldn't. Jake was eventually asked to stop swimming with them.
Frank drank nearly two beers for every one of his friends. Near the end they both could barely stand. Frank was declared the winner while he was passed out in a can pile.
Ann was assigned a kitchen, and she made a lovely soup. A few weeks later she received a thank-you note. The homeless man told Ann that her charity had truly touched his heart.
When I arrived I was surprised to see there were no dogs there. Ziggy had a good time playing fetch with the tennis ball. Once she was tired we went back home.
He lie there and read a book. This tired him even more. He fell asleep.
They eventually couldn't avoid eachother anymore and Wren reminded Garth of his own mother. Garth suggested Wren wanted to bed her own son, as he did his mother. Wren slapped Garth's smug face before stabbing him with a ballpoint.
It was easy to carry with one arm. She realized she could use her phone with her other hand. She waited to pay, and focused on her phone.
Traffic was light and we never missed our train. Our city got another storm while we were in NYC. We got back on Sunday and had a hard time getting home.
The sky turned gray and rain clouds formed. The rains began to fall on the house. Cam was glad he didn't paint the  house walls.
Jason searched online and found ways to fix his laptop. He followed it. Jason received a comoliment by his parents when he fixed it himself.
Afterwards, Jimmy and his dog played in the park. It began raining so Jimmy and his dog walked back home. Jimmy and his dog got home but they were all wet.
He jumped off the water then he saw a large hump. It was a large whale surfacing for air. Tim was attacked by the whale.
So he had a blanket, pillow, pajamas, and his bed. But during his test, he felt very wired. And Tom could barely concentrate.
After a final thrust the mob gave up. They quickly retreated. Their plan had failed.
Another friend showed up later walking on the other side. We all drank and had a good time. The late shower tried to give us free drinks.
She sent out the invitations and planned the food and drinks. His dad helped keep him busy and brought him to the bowling alley. He was really surprised and did not expect this fun!
She finally convinced him to watch it with her, and she smiled as she watched the story unfold. Amy braced herself as the end of the movie approached. Amy tried to control herself, but still cried when Jennifer died.
However she was also happy. She got to see her family instead of the show. They were very nice.
He just focused on oil painting. He doesn't need his degree though because his art is very popular. He sells two paintings a week for thousands of dollars each.
They can grow to be very huge. Every Spring Everly would look at the lilacs across the street. She never grew tired of looking at of lilacs.
Gas prices were pretty high. George and his friend were glad they could walk with each other. They both saved a lot of money not driving into work together.
I sipped it by myself. The tea was caffeinated, but there wasn't enough to affect me. I have to remain vigilant when I'm drinking tea.
The couch piled with blankets and used tissues would be her grave. Already she could feel her nose dribbling again, the end approaching. But she was saved when her brother returned and tossed a new box to her.
I walked it every night. In the end Lady slowed down and couldn't walk as much. I still dream about her sometimes.
Nancy knew he was trust worthy. She gave all her heart to him. She felt safe whenever she's with him.
But after a few nights spent watching kids, he changed his mind. The kids were poorly behaved. Joe decided to find a different job.
All three dogs went after the stick. When they returned, they all had three separate sticks. The man stared at the dogs, bemused.
Kristen was happy this Ariana was not friend with her boyfriend. Kristen told Ariana to stay away. Ariana looked at her quizzically and rolled her eyes.
She met a man at a bar and taught him how to ride one. She started to like the man. He let her ride the bike any time she wanted.
Meghan helped him get home to his parents. His parents rushed him to the doctor and found out his leg was broken. Mikey got a cast on his leg and felt better!
There, he carefully extracted the mannequins, packed in bubble wrap. He propped them up against the wall and started back down the hall. Mikey froze in his tracks as he heard popping sounds from behind him.
I heard it was a good place to just hang out and talk about work. I was informed today that the bar and grill was shut down. I guess I'll never know how it was.
He bent down and picked it up. Suddenly, a Hispanic guy taps Charles and asks for the $5! Charles gave it to him but didn't trust it was really his.
Emma loves painting and developing a passion for it Unfortunately she has no career as a painter Emma is still happy as a painter in her free time
Becky's business got flopped. She started thinking of another business instead. Becky couldn't think of anything.
He started singing to him. Everybody told him to be quiet. His boyfriend was quite impressed by Jake.
I didn't attempt to walk pass the dog. I had to thank the little boy for his honesty. Now I love little boys and dogs.
Joe told her there was no way they could buy that casket for her mom. Jane told him that he should buy it or she'd get angry. Joe dumped Jane and threw out all the catalogs and magazines.
She was caught. She was scolded by her mom. Her mom needs to pay for the stolen cards.
Taylor was upset with math. She practiced her math skills little by little. Soon enough Taylor got really good with math.
At first, Johann finds it very difficult. Eventually he learns more about how to play. Johann is glad he learned about American culture through baseball.
She gave him a second chance, and he was nervous while on his way to pick her up. Luckily when he saw Rita, his nerves calmed. They ended up having a great time.
He went to the doctor anyway. The doctor splinted his finger. The weaver could then continue with his work.
George Bush declared victory after we made a tactical retreat. The war continued long after his presidency. The war is still going on.
Brandon realized she had smoked all of his drugs. When she came back, he punched her in the face and screamed, I'm the king in here! Someone called the police and they arrested Brandon.
The boss commended Tom for his enthusiasm. The crew couldn't stop talking about how much they liked Tom. Later that day, a car carried all of them to a bar to celebrate as a new team.
Finally she decided to clean it out. A few hours later Pam had a clean organized closet. She felt very good about what she had done.
So he took two online classes one semester. He enjoyed the convenience and comfort of them. So he only took online classes from then on.
Ted volunteered to fix his computer himself. The teacher agreed to Ted. Ted fixed the computer and was praised by Mrs. Franklin.
I went with her and helped her find her shoes. I went with her to all the stores, and we ran out of time. we came back after five hours of shopping.
She caught the thief and took the purse back. The thief got into his car and drove off before the police arrived. The police took the hardy old lady home - with her purse.
He soon went on a date with a woman from church. The two connected instantly It's safe to say Bill found love.
When he brought in another bullet the next day, Jill reported it. The police listened as Jill talked about the dangerous neighborhood. At the boy's home, they found a loaded gun with two bullets missing.
My grandmother told me that good things come very soon and quickly. Ever since then I've been taking good care of the peach tree. I know someday it'll bear good fruit.
Ben's mom caught him crying and took him to the park. His mom felt silly for not letting him go after that. She decided it was better to allow Ben to have some fun than see him so sad.
The CD was without a single scratch! She put the CD into her CD player. Obviously, it played with no scratches.
Aaron can't wait to get healthy so he can take his anger out over not being able to play. Aaron consistently beats the Lions when he's healthy. Aaron is the nemesis of Lions fans.
Anita was apprehensive because dealers took advantage of women. She had an idea, not buying a new car at all. Anita made an awesome no money down deal on repairing her current car.
Her father texted all of her friends. They weren't replying to him. Gina's father is looking for him.
One of the new boards had smooth surface. Her cousin thought it would be funny to scare her. When he popped out she jumped and break the board.
She ended up not impressing anyone. If Rene had gotten done with the lessons she would have had a recital. She might have gotten a standing ovation.
She felt secure when they said it had turned back to the ocean. When she got home she turned on the news to find out about the storm. She was shocked to find the storm had turned back around towards South Florida and had been upgraded to a mild hurricane.
Jake woke up in a stranger's bed. When Jake sobered up he saw it was a man's bed. Jake made up an excuse to leave.
Sasha's first arrow burnt. The teacher corrected her, and Sasha didn't give up. By the end of the class, she managed to give it  a good shot.
When he was with this friends he suggested they play Cluedo. They agreed and set up the board. Then, they played for the next hour.
We drove to a nice park. My husband and daughter chose which court we would play on. Our family had a nice time playing games.
The doctor told me to go weight lifting more often. Every day, I worked out as long as I could. After a few weeks, I started to feel much better.
Eli searched everywhere but couldn't find her. Baylee had fallen asleep and didn't hear Eli calling. Eli woke his parents, who eventually found Baylee in the hollow tree stump.
Arnold did his own research took time to make a decision. After some time contemplating, Arnold decided he would join the Army. Arnold felt proud to become a member of the Army.
Dashing out the door, Jonathan surprised her wife with a bouquet of red roses. His wife almost tripped to his surprise. Jonathan's wife was very happy and thankful for her sweet husband.
It wasn't costing me a lot of money to replace it so often. I wrote him a note asking him to buy his own. The next day I noticed he had bought his own.
Bill's teammate took a long shot at the net. The goalie dove at the ball but missed. The ball bounced off the post and flew out of bounds.
She went to the florist. There, she look at a lot of things. Finally, she bought some of her favorites.
Paula answered the ad because she felt a calling from God. She began to teach the Kindergarten class and taught four years. She got more out of the class than she ever thought she could.
Toisanese has become less used over the years. Many German immigrants speak German I bought a program to try to learn German.
Jimmy asked if she needed anything and she was very nice. When she got her food, she said it tasted wonderful. Jimmy's boss told the woman to come back anytime.
Her mother had to check her from time to time. Janine took a lot of rest. When the party was over, Janine finally began to feel better.
With the spot chosen she just travels with no plans. A day arrives and she just decides to leave. The day arrives and the trip begins.
After recruitment, he goes through many tough weeks of training. Soon after training, he is immediately deployed overseas. After the military was behind him Mike finished college and got a masters degree.
When they went they ate at famous restaurants. However Tina ended up getting sick again. Tina always goes back.
She though about burying the letter in a shoebox in her yard. Twenty Years later,  she regretted burning the letter. She would reminisced happily if she had the letter to read.
Jake wanted to think of a way to learn better so he could show off his new talent. He planned on going to a juggling class to learn the skills. However, he quickly realized he needed to work hard to get skilled!
So she put them in a brown bag to get them to ripen faster. But she ended up ruining the vegetables because they were too ripe. Ellie insisted that they had to be thoroughly cleaned however.
London waited until her doctor approved relaxing. Once she was in the clear she began taking it easy daily. She was so happy watching the weight stay the same.
I remember my first time riding with him on the street, I was so nervous! Luckily, he calmed my nerves and I drove perfect, following all rules. I wish he was around the day that I was able to get my license.
Even after six months he hadn't saved enough. He didn't take his wife to Bermuda. Fred would have had the time of his life.
After I said goodbye and left, some men were following me, so I tried to walk away from them but they started threatening me. I quickly spoke to the police about them. The police spoke to the men and made them leave.
Unfortunately, his car breaks down just outside of the shop. Dylan used the wrong oil, and his car is towed away. Dylan later got a new car and never forgot an oil change again!
Surprisingly voters had voted for him. He continued to get higher in government. Eventually a big scandal ruined his career.
Jenny had hundreds of books. One day she noticed her shelves were all full. Jenny told her friends to stop buying her gifts.
He started working on his horseback riding every day. He lost a few pounds to make himself as light as possible. He was now as light and short as the best jockies out there.
He finished without a mistake! Calmly, he took a breath and bowed. He finished off superbly!
This morning when the sun came up the itrooster was very loud. It woke me up. I decided not to get any small roosters in the future.
She called him back inside and fastened a necktie on him. Then she told him he looked good enough for an interview! Adam left, feeling much sillier.
He called his friend and told them he decided not to go. Steven really enjoyed himself at home. Steven looks forward to going to concerts down the road.
I then realized he also had a dirty diaper, and I took him to his changing table. I changed his diaper really fast. When it was over, he smelled much better.
Sean was trying to eat dinner. He had heard the couple shouting and fighting loudly. Finally, he asked them to keep it down.
After some time he decide to ask his friend Jarvis for help. Jarvis helped David learn to surf for two days every week. Soon David became a surfing expert.
Kayla'a husband had his own name he wanted. Together they reached a compromise. Now Kayla had a baby name they both liked.
She graduated college five years ago and started a job at TMZ. The celebrity news show hired her as a reporter. She accepted it because she had a car.
But she could rollerblade, so she thought it would be easy anyways. But Kelly had been wrong! She couldnt walk for weeks.
She brought a can of glue out from the garage. The girls fixed the doll house and left it in the yard. Lisa's grandmother yelled at them when she saw they tried to hide the damage.
After that is over with the person hangs out on the beach. He starts a fire when the sun goes down. He sings, plays guitar and drinks some beer.
Once they were walking home, they spotted a person and asked him. The person said he thought he saw a pig running up the block. They drove up the block and found a party charbroiling a whole pig.
The taxi driver greeted me and gave me his name. I greeted him back and gave him the money for the ride. I got off after 10 minutes since the taxi arrived at my job.
She saw a girl put some feed in her hand. Then the girl stretched her palm out towards the chickens. But to her dismay, they pecked her hand!
A record label had put in a copyright claim on a song he used in his videos. He became extremely annoyed at the record label. He put the videos up again without the song.
Chris contacted the government office who issued it to him. Finally, it was replaced. Chris enjoyed his vacation very much!
So he can't blew off the tip of his thumb! He ran home to get the lighter Ed vowed not to get fireworks again.
Dan became mesmerized while staring at her. It was twenty seconds before he realized the teacher had gone quiet. The science teacher smiled at him uncomfortably.
He arrived at the office, still unsure if he should lie or not. The secretary remarked that she was glad he'd gotten their message. The interviewer was running late, too, and Tom was in the clear.
Soon there were lots of drops of rain. Katie caught some drops on her hands. She played in the rain  until dinnertime.
She reluctantly planned and drew out her design. It took her a very long time, but finally she was done. Allison decided she didn't truly hate Halloween.
Her mother gave her her card to buy more online since they fit so well. She decided to buy a spare pair aswell just in case. With expedited shipping she spent $50 more than she was supposed to.
At the end of the concert my coworker told me that he talked to his girlfriend. She was happy to see someone showing up to support him. He told her it was a good concert.
He got a job with a friend's company building houses. Adam did a good job. Adam got a raise for doing such a good job.
His coach decided to call a play for Sam in the game. Sam was so excited that he ran past the other team with the ball. He ended up scoring a touchdown!
But it started acting funny so he took the dog to the veterinarian when it didn't get better. The vet said there was nothing he could do. Sam had to put the dog down.
They cannot find anything to drink. They walked endlessly until they found a lake. Ella and Jay felt relief.
One Friday afternoon, her father came home with great news. He had booked the family a stay at a fancy hotel. The family spent the weekend at the hotel and had a great time.
Then, they agreed color pink and used paint rollers to cover the walls. After that, they put on a final finishing coat. When they were done, the room was a nice pink color.
While walking, a masked man pointed a gun at him. The masked man took off with Jared's wallet. Jared couldn't get a movie anymore so he went back home.
He fell on the scissors. He cut his arm badly. Ernie will never run with scissors again.
The puppy got into the house when Doug was a work. The puppy chewed Doug's couch. Doug was now shopping for a new couch.
He realized he was very hungry. He sat at the table where a bowl of soup was sitting. His mother said since he was late he'd have to eat it cold.
Barry left 20 minutes early to catch the train. However, the train did not reach on time. Barry decided that he would not take the train on vacation again.
Jessica got angry but offered to get them new food. The people just drove away. Jessica had to clean the food off herself.
When he woke up it was 5 pm He decided to make dinner, he wished he had decided to stay in bed. And just slept all the way until the next morning
She bought every newspaper and search diligently for jobs. Cady went online and applied to all the good jobs she saw listed. When she saw all the possibilities, she vowed to always check the job listings.
I came back a week later and after giving a blood sample I walked into the waiting room. The doctor came in and talked about the results. I found out that my hemoglobin was low.
I listened to myself and didn't want to wind up falling. I worried that I would be very bruised, and also lucky to be alive. I haven't climbed since and think of having my son as a lesson learned.
The entire family stayed inside, but no smoke could be seen. Chris heard the firemen and when they arrived they went inside. They came out quickly, the alarm was from a dying battery, not fire.
Her house began to look good. She never got the chance to clean it up for months. Sarah was exhausted when she finished cleaning.
She was pretty horrible. As a gift however, her parents got her guitar lessons. She was very thankful.
Boot camp would have been hard and the drill instructors would have yelled at us constantly. The experience would have challenged me both mentally and physically. At the end of boot camp I would have been proud to have become a Marine.
I loved Jo very much for that one year. She was a faithful companion till the day that she died. She died peacefully in her sleep.
One day she took it out while hosting a party. She showed it off all party. She was very happy when her guests found the ring beautiful.
It floated on the surface. Michael decided to jump in to get it. Luckily, he was able to get it back easily.
I asked an old man why is that so. He told me that the beach was not making income anymore so the owner decided to close it. I was saddened by the news the old man brought me.
He quietly sat down there until his mother finished shopping. Customers adored him and watched him. The manager gave him a free lollipop for behaving nicely.
To his surprise the stock he wanted to buy went up 5%. Tim was elated. He immediately called his broker to find out what the minimum amount is for an investment account.
The pilots said hello over the intercom. Lilly looked out the windows at the land below. She smiled and laughed in excitement at how high they were.
She immediately ran after it. It turned out to be full of cash. Rachel went to the police station to turn in the wallet.
Mariah returned it for a larger size. She wore the new dress to a Holiday party. Mariah was ecstatic when everyone told her how pretty it was.
The man kept looking over at Brian. Brian yelled at him to see what he wanted. The man complimented his nice shoes.
She heard the voice of a character from her favorite TV show. She looked up and found that she was actually looking at a commercial. It made her really not want to shop at that deceptive store.
Eventually, the man got deep feelings for her too. She felt so happy that they were taking it this far. They never broke it off and got married soon after.
One morning he woke up with a bear near his sleeping bag. After carefully observing the bear he concluded it was hungry Louis carefully moved out and went about his day.
My trainer insisted that I don't lock out my arms in the curl machine. I decided not to listen to his advice. I locked out my arm and it snapped in half under the pressure.
Everyone was dazzled by my brilliance when memorized it. One day someone apparently smarter than me asked me what's the used of it. I had to admit, to my shame, that I had no idea.
We invited them over for a pool party. To our amazement, one of the women stripped and jumped in naked! We were even more shocked when her partner did the same thing.
Gina called Tami and asked about her crush Tami felt she had a number of options and detailed them all Gina and Tami talked about the boys all night long
Jane warned him that he would break up with him if he leaves, but he wouldn't listen. He left after four hours. Gina broke up with him.
He kept criticizing his ideas but kept it moving forward. After several hours, he finished his paper. Although it was finished, Henry could not help being so critical about it.
But Ron helped him to do better. Earl instantly gained more confident. And Ron still ended up winning.
Her friend Beth was an honor student and agreed to help her out. They studied together every night before the test. With Beth's help Ashley was able to pass her English class.
There were still a few albums that I could never find. And there were some songs that had never been in a collection. Finally, my parents gave me a complete collection.
I wrote a three minute script about food preparation. I submitted my audition tape to the OWN network. I didn't win with Oprah but I have my own food preparation show on YouTube.
They planned on making a small trip on the bikes and everybody was on board. Three months later the group set  on a mini trip to Virginia. They rode their bikes all the way to Virginia and back in a month.
Jill narrowly wins. Jack brags for a week after his sister wins. He congratulates her.
Jack called for help. After few minutes, the officers came to help them. The cops took them to the hospital to check if they had injuries.
He loved the plants in the little pots. He took care of them just like she told him to. In two weeks he had little seedlings to plant in the spring.
Todd decided to check the oil on his car. He realized there was no oil! Todd added oil and now his car works perfectly.
The first flake fell as I watched the sky. I was so excited I almost cried. I put on my jacket and went outside to enjoy the snow in summer.
Ed spotted an alligator. When he stood up for a better view the canoe tipped over. They quickly swam to the shore before the alligator noticed them.
It was beef fat. I complained to the waiter. She game me a coupon for a free meal!
He dropped them off as he got in and out of his truck. Richard decided to tell the truth to his boss about delivering the packages. Richard's boss believed him, and Richard felt proud for a long time.
I ordered vegetable salad. The diagnosis in the emergency room was food poisoning. We reported the restaurant to the health department.
I decided not to go out for food since she'd be early. Once I arrived at this special restaurant, I took my order. At the same time, I noticed that Anna was seated and eating food.
Kate sat and pouted, thinking of what she could do to help. After a minute, her mood cheered right back up. Kate's friend took out her favorite movie and they started watching it.
His friend convinced him to try out in a competition. He trained for three weeks and became much stronger. Harry won the competition along with the hundred dollars cash prize.
Regardless, he pushed me the next two months and we trained vivorously. Finally, marathon day was upon us. My friend and I finished in 100th & 101st places out of 3,000 people!
The secretary noticed and asked Emma what was wrong. The secretary was Emma's best friend from elementary school! The secretary was able to help Emma fit in, and they had a wonderful time working with each other.
One of the teachers smelled the smoke. He went into the bathroom and slipped on urine on the floor. He was okay, but everyone was laughing.
When Jake's diet didn't work, he began to lift weights, too. Jake gained all the weight he wanted to gain. All of his friends are proud of Jake.
One day her boss was mean to her about her clothing choices, so Andy decided to change. She bought a new wardrobe and had a makeover. Her boss liked her new look and treated her with respect.
They let us pick any toppings we want on our steak. They all looked like good choices. Eventually my dad picked his favorite.
He would always chew gum during the games. During a press conference he was asked why he chews gum. He calmly replied that it gets on Michael's nerves.
It destroyed half the town. Houses were pelted with hail. Christmas will never be remembered the same.
He was trying it for the first time. Lee woke up the next day vomiting. He is now afraid to try tempura again.
He threw way the printout and reprinted them, then laid them on the lab table. The lab table was wet and now the papers were wet. Sam shook water off the paper and tossed it out.
She walked aimlessly until someone found her Eventually they found her dehydrated. they took her to the hospital and she recovered days later
She thought it was way too lovely of a day for so many crowds. That is when she noticed a huge wave coming for her. The high tide was about to hit her and she couldn't get away.
But when it was time to pay, she realized something awful. She had forgotten to deposit her paycheck at the bank! Ada was forced to leave the grocery store empty-handed.
Erin knows how to repair his computer. He easily fixed his computer. Paying no money, Erin can now continue to do his homework.
He tore the paper into rough squares and circles. He then glued the shapes on to a large white paper. Ray's teacher was impressed with his precision.
He worked for 8 hours, then closed up the store after the employees he supervised had all left. He was so excited to leave. He went to the bar after.
Her daughter smiled and babbled on their walk. Jane knew that her maternity leave would be over soon. She promised herself to cherish every walk with her daughter.
The other followed suit. After a while they came to a steep incline. Thankfully the second boy was going slow enough and didn't fall off his bike.
Thankfully, she was given a steak. The beef tasted amazing. It was the best she ever tasted.
Also, she was a girly girl and also liked domesticity! That started Kate on pursuing her dream. She knew what she wanted to teach - home economics!
The show was great and when it was over, Lee snuck in backstage. She got all nervous waiting for Justin. When she met him, she was escorted out by security, but she would never forget it.
The other day I went to buy beer and she didn't make me wait. She told me you can't sell beer legally for another two minutes. I was going to wait patiently but she gave me a break.
When she woke up in pain she thought it must be the flu. By the time the sun came up she knew she needed a doctor. The next sunrise Sara had given birth to the baby.
She didn't love her job, but it paid the bills for the time being. The tension between her and her ex was now gone. Noticing how things had been, she was now wiser and relieved.
One day, Dwayne decided to approach the young man with kindness. He prepared a lunch for two and brought it over as a surprise. The young man was touched and a new friendship was born.
One day, be brought a really cool toy to school. The kids invited him to play with them. Randall gladly shared his toy with the kids who had always been his friends,
Billy decided to make a mini pile of leaves and jump in them. When he went inside, his mom noticed he was covered in ticks. She told him to not play in leaves anymore.
After only two miles, we heard a loud pop from the engine. We were forced to stop the car and had to call for a wrecker. It was the shortest road trip we ever took.
But each one Beth saw was too expensive to buy! Then Beth had another idea. She sewed her mom a homemade pair of jeans for free!
The girl accepted Ryan's invite. The girl also has a crush on Ryan. They instantly got along with each other.
He walked next door and asked his friend if he could borrow his. His friend allowed him to borrow and Vince walked back home. Vince finished the shed and then returned the hammer to his friend.
One night, they heard footsteps and they were soon attacked by an assailant. They got away and called the police immediately. She decided to pay more for outside parking and carried weapons.
She said that I was good enough to join her team. Therefore, she picked me. Since both teams had enough people,Jill had to leave.
When he got his next allowance, he again spent it all at the candy store, and this time he ate half on his way to school. He ate the other half on the way home from school. He threw it all up when he got home.
He thought about studying finance. Maybe by graduation he would own three apartment buildings. He would come home rich and his friends would still be the same.
He was very aware of all the times he tried many times and failed. He checked himself into an intense rehab. With its help, Sean has been sober for nine years!
It was a neighborhood competition for best decorated house. My mom lost last year. And this year she lost again.
She couldn't afford to buy the headphones. She tried to blow the train up, but failed. Ava found it's quite a bit quieter in prison.
For many years, his best friend from the war was scared of loud noises. My father decided to accompany him to therapy. After many years, my dad's friend overcame his PTSD.
One day, there was a terrible storm in town! All of the stores were forced to close for days! Tony didn't run out of bacon and wasn't forced to eat different food for once!
He loved riding the rides even more. He saved up for months just to go. He was heartbroken to hear it was shut down this year.
But his boss wouldn't give him the day off so rushing to work John rear-ended another driver. Frustrated, John stormed out of his car. When he got to the other driver he saw it was his boss staring at him.
Her mother appreciated her honesty. She wasn't scolded nor punished. In fact, her mom gave her a reward for being truthful.
The bus driver called the police. When the police arrived, there was only 5 passengers. The detective believes that the murderer somehow got away.
Out of the corner of his eye he saw a famished puppy looking for food. Jake took the puppy inside his home and fed it. Jake kept the puppy and raised it as his pet.
His landlord did not care. Randall has moved three times. He always moves before getting an eviction notice from his landlord.
She was going home as soon as her last exam was over. When she got home, everyone was waiting. It was the best welcome.
When she woke up, she immediately dusted all the furniture, woodwork, and pictures. Millie cleaned the bathrooms, which is never fun. She sat down when finished to rest.
Sarah stumbled many times the first time she tried. She eventually got the hang of it. She was able to climb all the way to the top of the wall at her friend's house.
Her boyfriend took her to a new crazy mirror house. When she saw herself everywhere she started posing. Misha will always look at mirrors again.
But then he thought about toast sandwiches online. So he decided to make one. But Sal's sandwich craving was not satisfied.
He accidentally threw the frisbee over the fence. Todd jumper over the fence to look for his frisbee. He found it and decided he needed to practice more often.
Kim reluctantly went anyway, as she was already dressed and ready To her chagrin, he took her to a nice restaurant and ordered wine. She was so happy, she immediately agreed to a second date.
He decided not to go too. He managed to visit her in the hospital. On prom night, Pat and Maria were in a hospital room.
Our baby used the bathroom and needed a diaper change. Instead of rushing home we had the nanny take care of it. The kind nanny did and we were able to stay and enjoy the day.
One day she met Paula. They played cards for hours together. Polly and Paula are best friends now.
She went to her local Staples. She tried to find a similar chair. She purchased a black office chair with great back support.
However she did find a pretty speckled egg to put in her pocket for her box of treasures. Later, Jenny showed the box of treasures to her friend. The egg broke as the friend held it up, spilling out a stinky mess, making Jenny hate farming even more.
I invited him to go to a bar nearby. He agreed and we asked some other friends to join us. It was indeed a great and crazy night.
Ivan looked online for reviews. The reviews were really good. Ivan decided to order one online.
So she started drinking water. now she doesn't burps all the time. Her friends call her water Sally now.
One of his friends confronted him about it. At first Matt got defensive and angry. After talking they continued being friends.
Instead, he went to the library and got paired with a tutor. The tutor explained all the concepts to him in a easy way. Sam was able to pass the class with flying colors with the extra help.
Joey's mom said she'd get another box when the first was empty. The next day, she found an empty bowl in the cupboard. In the trash, she found the empty cereal box.
She tried to tell the tutor her struggles are due to her teachers. However the tutor says her work shows that she's not trying hard enough. Today she received her report card and was rather disappointed.
Nobody came to my online store on Amazon. It was completely unknown. I thought about buying some advertisements but decided the cost was too high.
She was in the audience while they were applauding loudly for the other contestants. She knew her parents would have been very proud if she would have done it. Susie wished she would have competed and won the talent show.
She stopped eating candy everyday. She felt terrible after going through withdrawals. Mary felt healthier and more energized after quitting candy.
His father walked the boy out of the house. Gina felt bad he had to leave But she felt safer without him around.
She felt bad for Abigail and fished it back out of the trash and added a note, giving it back for her birthday. Every year the two friends passed the card back and forth. Many years later the card was covered in notes from their friendship.
She decided to go to the store to canvass one. She found a pair she really liked. She saved up money to buy the boots.
Jake immediately answered his phone when it rang The person on the other line turned out to have dialed a wrong number Jake was relieved that his interviewer had forgotten about the interview
HE bought an ice cream. Colorful ice cream on top of the cake. Otis ate half of it.
The horse was right on the trail in front of her. Her father told her to turn around but her legs would not move. Her dad came and carried her away.
Mom was excited her husband would travel with her. They had drinks and a movie, enjoying the evening. The doctor appointment was missed.
Both boys wanted to go in first. Soon, they started to argue with each other. Finally, their parents picked the order for them.
He took a boat instead. It rained the whole week he was in Suva. Neil did not enjoy his trip at all!
I wouldn't eat or clean myself up. Desperate for answers I went to search online. I learned that I really had depression.
She really loved the look of the necklace. Stay decided to buy the necklace. It fits perfectly around her neck.
She was stocked up on the ingredients Kelly was so happy. She could stay in her kitchen to make some.
She decided to make another meal instead. She threw away the salad to the trash bin. Eventually, she ended up ordering a box of pizza.
He asked his dad for help. Joe's dad lent him a lovely tie. Joe looked very nice at dinner in his borrowed tie.
She decided not to do a fitness competition. She didn't work out any days or model. Cindy didn't enter the competition.
He arrived on time to work everyday. His boss decided to give him an award. After he was never late to work.
He rode the long distance to the cliff then peddled as fast as he could while going towards the cliff edge. His goal was to stop right before the cliff for an adrenaline rush. The cliff is called Dave's Mistake now.
His family made him participate in family game night every week. This week he had to play Monopoly. Three hours in and Max still hates board games.
He made pancakes, bacon, eggs, and hashbrowns. Alfred had never tasted something so delicious! Arthur was praised for his great cooking skills.
He took her to dinner and talked to her seriously. He confessed that he fell out of love for her. Ron had been slapped in the face.
Because the zookeepers thought of killing it but they knew they had to do something better They all got together decided to sedated the bear, and gave it a makeover. Then, the bear was beautiful and everyone was happy!
He rode the same bus as she did. But he was seat next to Gina on the bus today. She would like wait until recess for him
Lucy wore bright red to fit in. It was so aesthetically pleasing that the photographer wanted her in every photo. Lucy wore that on purpose.
She didn't appreciate the humor. She reported me to the boss for harassment. He gave me until noon to pack my desk and leave.
He messily measured, mixed the batter, and poured it in a pan. When the cake was baking, it rose over the top of the pan. John realized he had used the wrong amount of baking powder.
One day he realized he was getting too old to continue choreographing. Trey decided his next job would be his last. After his final job, everyone cheered loudly for him.
One day his boss announces to the company that Phil is promoted. It is the best day of Phil's life. It is the best day of Phil's life. do not need to look for another job.
George got new clothes and shoes for Christmas. Christmas finally came and George can wear his new clothes. He was excited as ever!
But his boss suddenly gave him extra time off, so Mark books his tickets and plans his trip. Mark goes on all the rides and meets all the characters. He has the best trip ever.
Doris watches her granddaughter while she is not at work. Doris always says hi to my wife and myself. For Christmas Doris kindly baked us some bread.
She wondered how the parent would handle the poor behavior. She decided to respond with class, not defensively. The teacher was right that the parent was defensive.
He was actually a cop, he told her he had a warrant for her arrest. She was shocked because she did not think she had done anything wrong. The policeman said she needed to just pay her parking tickets.
When all her clothes were dirty, she went to the laundromat. She sat there for hours doing the wash. Ana was relieved when she finally finished.
She just patiently read them on books. When her friend invited her to watch a movie from a book, she refused. Her friend was disappointed to watch the movie alone.
Stanley transferred 20k from his his CITI account. He deposited money into his Smith Barney account. Stanley showed them the stubs to prove they were wrong.
She went and got the eggs, then began cooking, and after she was done, she anxiously waited for the dough to rise. Finally, when she was done waiting, she began to cook the bread. Unfortunately, when she checked on the bread later, she burned it bad.
My cellmate faked an illness and said he needed medical attention. They called the ambulance to come and get him. After he left the hospital, he went back to jail.
She called her parents. They told her they were glad she went out to meet people. Ally agreed with them and went out to make more friends.
Tim started working with his bicycle. He was seeing little improvements from time to time. Tim successfully put up a beautiful bicycle!
Patty and her parents went to the graveyard with a ouija board. They tried contacting spirits and nothing really happened. She went back with her parents and told them it's all a bunch of lies.
I didn't get sick, but took my friend to the hospital the next day. He was completely embarrassed because he had to call his parents. He vowed never to drink after that.
Finally a new day came and Johnson talked with his girlfriend. Johnson moved his schedule around to spend time with her. Even though he was busy, he was glad to be there for her.
She just knew there would be spiders scurrying out. Leah would scream and run upstairs. Leah never wanted to go into that closet.
They were close to divorce and decided to go to counselling. After many sessions, their communication improved. They rebuilt their relationship and became happy.
He stopped at Manhattan and walked up and down the streets of Manhattan. On his last day, he felt like something was missing. He hurried to a cart and ordered a hotdog in triumph.
But despite her feelings, she went to the movies with them, acting brave. That night she had horrible nightmares. She would never go to another scary movie!
Finally, she found a job. She had her eye on saving for a video game. Finally, she was able to go to a store and buy it.
It was listed in a great neighborhood. Ruth missed the home after a week. It was too late now.
One day, one of his victims found out about Dan He called the Better Business Bureau. Dan was sent a notice by the BBB.
She refused to believe she could possibly be getting sick. The next day she woke up feeling even worse. Kim went to the doctor and was diagnosed with the Flu.
But Tor had a knack for gymnastics so he tried once. His specialty was the triple beam balance. He dreamed of one day being in the Olympics.
Another played had insulted him through the game's voice chat. Phillip was infuriated! Phillip was so angry that he broke his xbox console.
One day Bill came home to find Dan in his home, with Bill's wife. Dan and Janice, Bill's wife, informed him of their relationship. Bill stormed out and never spoke to Dan or Janice again.
Everything was beautiful. I found the Surface notebook which I loved. I ended up purchasing that.
One day all of it disappeard. She had an  idea where they went. Her cat had gotten into the water and eaten all her fish!
She never got the letter telling her if she had earned it. She waited for it nervously. To her horror, she realized she forgot and didn't win the scholarship.
One day, he worked up the courage to ask a new coworker to lunch. His coworker agreed. John and his new coworker soon became friends.
One day, his friend hears him playing. He invites Bradley to join his band. Now, Bradley performs all over the world!
The people in the competition were much better than him. He got beat out in the first round. He still had a great time at the competition and kept dancing.
That night, Scott's foot became very swollen. Scott was unable to walk the next morning. For two weeks, Scott used crutches to help him walk.
With her friends, she samples many red and white wines. Her friends have inspired her to learn even more about wine. Melinda feels she would benefit from a trip to a vineyard.
Maria tried to use her knitting skills to make Christmas presents. Her friends and family pretended to love the gifts she knitted for them. Maria was very proud of herself.
Ed tried to calm Emma. They lit a fire and started talking. Emma eventually forgot the strange sounds.
Suddenly, a huge duck appeared. The duck began making scary noises and chased them. The girls all ran away screaming.
However, her father hated and discouraged her behavior. For father's day, Patricia made her dad a card. It had a hand-drawn owl and the words "Owl always love you!"
Most of the birds he saw were very familiar to him. Then he saw one he had never seen before. Standing on a billboard far away he could see a beautiful eagle.
However, the journal was not in her budget to purchase for her. Amanda told her daughter the unfortunate news, but got an attitude. Amanda decided as punishment, that she would get no Christmas gifts.
Her favorite cousins were coming so she made their favorite dish, baked beans. They ate many servings of Anna's delicious baked beans. They complimented Anna on her cooking skills.
She had to have temporary dentures placed on her gums. When Kristen got home she took two painkillers and slept. This evening she ate a huge bowl of vegetable soup for dinner.
Very unbelievable that decided to cut down on my heating expenses. I turned off the heater and used candles to warm the house. Now, my heating bill was zero dollars!
He also sees that he has an egg left. He fries an egg and eats it immediately. Javier feels much better after eating an egg.
Since he was dizzy, his car swayed back and forth. Eventually, he pulled over and walked home. But another driver had called the cops to report the case.
It is still sitting in my yard. I can't use it as a jack-o-lantern because it isn't a fresh pumpkin. I am not going to use it for a Thanksgiving table decoration either.
The job would have required countless nights at the paper perfecting everything. Finally she gave up on getting the position. Kelly would be happier not working there.
His favorite song is called The Old Rugged Cross. So on his birthday, his wife surprised him with a party at the hospital for his birthday. We all sang The Old Rugged Cross instead of Happy Birthday.
Ida studied the recipe and followed it exactly. When her sister visited, she enjoyed the fresh cupcake Ida made for her. Ida was very happy to do something so special for her sister.
Amy thought that was good news. She was going to have fun at the same school as May. Amy cried because she had missed her childhood friend.
One day, a customer called the manager over to his table. He plucked a long brown strand from his plate of food. Amy stood looking proud among the dark-haired girls without hair nets.
One day, we got the idea to try to go ask them for candy. We snuck out one night and tried to get there. Our parents caught us and called my phone, so I went home.
Rosie stocked up on all of the essentials. She even was able to get a few extras. Rosie had a successful trip to Target.
Mandy took a seat in first class on a train and relaxed in the comfortable seat. The ticket taker offered her an array of food and drink options. Mandy was very pleased and felt she could get used to this.
I stayed at the house and have friends over. Marcy calls me crying to say she is sorry. But i have moved on and am now in a relationship with someone else.
He took the extra cards to the store.. In 2 minutes he was able to get the ps4. Steven was able to play with his ps4.
Tina originally thought it was expensive. And when the food was so disappointing, then she really thought it was worth the price. Tina would not return.
She got to work putting all the ingredients together. She put it onto the oven burner. When it was done, she accidentally dropped it on the floor.
He changed around his picture and wrote an original poem. His producer was very confused when he saw the paper. Ray just finished his segment and took a bow.
It was 's first time at the park. Alice and Jake played fetch all day. They had a wonderful time.
The waffle house was serving free pancakes that day. We had pancakes plus dinner. We were stuffed but happy.
He and Jerry have spent the afternoon searching Ebay for their value. Unfortunately Nate doesn't have any of the really rare books. Jerry convinces Nate that his books are not worth selling.
At first Brittany just laughed and didn't mind. But she heard she actually met with a boy instead. Brittany and Ashley have been enemies for three minutes.
To participate in the games, you had to recite a scripture. Tabitha doesn't to play because she didn't go to church. Luckily, her friend helped her learn one and her friend was able to play.
However they decided they were going to stay together. A year later Ally got a job offer from where her boyfriend lived. She broke the news to him that she was going to be moving.
The family soon decided to get rid of their cat. The family soon found the rat hiding in his favorite spot. Now the rat is allowed to roam wherever he wants.
She laughed at him. Sam was embarrassed. He went to class with his head down.
At the recital, he didn't make any mistakes. Everyone clapped. When it was over, he thought about how he hadn't made any mistakes and was proud.
After the movie, a man approached him and asked if he was Daren. The man confessed to misleading Daren into thinking he was a girl. Daren thought he was cute anyway so he went with the date.
In the spring, the cherry trees did not grow. The tree in Theo's yard did not produce any cherries! Theo was not able to eat cherries all summer long!
Her mother was proud Paulette was not lazy and had a job. Paulette's friend got a job being a stripper. Her mother was happy her daughter didn't get that kind of job.
They worked on it for two weeks but had to ask another company for help. His friend Max's company came to help finish the roofing project. Together they finished the roof and it looked amazing.
The topic was about his favorite science subject. He finished it and presented it the next day Everyone loved his science experiment choice and he got a good grade.
She saw that it was her dog. Kylie took off to ran after her dog. He mother told her that her dog is in the basement.
Then she realized that she didn't have enough left for another batch. For a moment she was not sure what to do. Then, she decided to add make blondies instead.
He refused to confess to anything and demanded a lawyer. He refused to confess to anything and demanded a lawyer. Ike decided to stop talking and wait until he could get a lawyer.
However, she changed her mind and was surprised by how many people she met there. It wasn't long before Hannah had made the best friends of her life. Her first year of college has always been a cherished memory.
There is only one road to the village so I had to hike back the same way I came. It was a long, difficult climb to the top. The return trip down was much easier.
Last week I accidentally poured it with water. He got really upset and yelled at me. I think that's why he decided to leave us.
She decided to apply to one. She answered all of their questions. At the end, she filled out all of her info.
She had tried to feed her. Cathy finally realized the baby had a soiler diaper. She was relieved to find the culprit.
Embarrassed, Tara told Karen that she couldn't go because she was busy. On the way to the mall, Karen saw Tara shopping at Victoria's Secret with her other friend. Karen vowed to never ask Tara to the go shopping ever again.
She was glad she discovered this in case there was ever an emergency and she needed blood. She was relieved she now had this information. She was glad that everything was over.
However unfortunately the kids got tired. As a result they stopped cooperating. Finally they had to stop shooting.
One day he showed all his drawings to his mom. She told him some were good and some weren't. His mom tore up the ones she though were bad, and made him draw more.
A chair in front of the door kept it hidden for years. She had forgotten the closet was there. When the chair was finally moved, the door was opened once again.
In his new job he started baking carrot cake cupcakes. In fact, they were delicious and everyone wanted one or even two! Now, my father plans to open a cupcake shop as a new career!
John was excited. He put on her roller shoes and started skating. He enjoyed and had a blast.
He got out and noticed a dent in his car. Later that week, Dave went to the store and bought some supplies. He returned home and fixed the dent in his car.
Then he asked her some very hard questions. Alice thought for sure she didn't get the job. To her surprise, she did get the job.
But he carefully watched what he ate opting for lower calorie foods. He also exercised more. Michael lost two pounds in the first week.
So she never practiced before tryouts. During the tryout, she did her best and smiled big. She made the squad!
The officer immediately stopped and interrogated the woman. Since the woman was high, she was acting strange. The officer ended up arresting her.
So she began consulting a nutritionist. She made a conscious effort to consult to it every month. Soon, Cara didn't even think about junk food at all!
AAA never showed up. Her husband was surprised his wife didn't come home. Lauren, feeling angry, cancelled the AAA membership.
He shut his alarm off and got up. He got ready and went to work. He had a productive day at work and got a lot done.
She made sure she would would not become pregnant with a child. After her hysterectomy, Macy realized she had done the right thing. Even though she loved children, she was not cut out for motherhood.
The arrow missed the target and landed on the ground. Eventually, she tried out a new technique. As soon as she threw the arrow, the arrow landed on the target.
One day she decided to paint her poems on her bedroom walls. She went to hardware store and bought paint. She came home and painted her bedroom walls with her poetry.
He decided to borrow instead of buying one out of the store. Once he drove home he realized he left his old clothes at his friend's house. Kevin called his friend and agreed to pick them up later.
First she filled the tank with decorative gravel and a small pond. She then placed five frogs and a lily pad in the tank. Lauren was pleased with the results, even though one of the frogs died.
So no money came out. I wanted to invite my girlfriend to dinner. I had to get the money from a different machine.
His mom happily made him broccoli. His dad was happy he didn't eat fries. Eventually he ate other things too
He decided to inject steroids to improve his performance. He became a better football player. Tom became happier as a result of his stellar football performances.
He was not aware that there was a big hole on the roof that caused it. The handyman looked for another ladder he could use. After 10 minutes he found one.
So Cindy bought jeans like the other girls. Cindy felt more socially confident. And she gained lots of friends.
As a joke, Ryan hid Jonathan's keys. Jonathan confronted Ryan about the missing keys. Jonathan found the keys behind the microwave in the break room.
The voice behind her warned teachers to lock their doors from a gunman. Gene sat for hours while the police searched the school. It turned out to be a false alarm and students went home.
He knew that if he hated his job, that he would have a miserable life. One day, Carl went to his boss and quit the job he hated so much. Carl finally found a job that he loved and his life was happy again.
Her mother baked Ana a chocolate birthday cake. Her father brought Ana a new car as a birthday present. Ana ate her cake and drove her new car, and was very happy.
She brought Rachel a lot of pretty things she didn't use anymore. Rachel put everything up around the house. When she was finished, Rachel's apartment looked like a home.
And put butter on them also. But when she sat down ready to eat she noticed something. The waffles had gone cold, so she microwaved them.
But its still one of best beaches I love going to. When I went last year the water felt so nice. I cannot wait to go back.
When he woke up, he found smoke coming from downstairs. He had left the oven on and it was burning while he was sleeping. He quickly extinguished the small fire in the oven before it could spread.
The apples were entirely too brown to eat. Instead, Joseph decided to make some apple pie. The brown apples made the bread especially yummy.
But she found a recipe for low calorie chicken nuggets, so she got all the ingredients and set to work. When they were done, she was at first pleased with her work. However, when she tasted them, she realized she still needed practice.
The next day, she's the one who is mad. However, she told me what happened. I also tried to make her feel better.
He was inspired by wisdom imparted by Olympic bicyclists. He would bike as fast as possible everywhere he went. He became very fit and able bodied.
I saw the Red Sox play three times. Once during a game I saw El Guapo, a former Red Sox, pitch. I loved that I switched to watching pro baseball.
I happen to disagree with them. I think it is horrible to listen because those kids are not trying hard. They could be doing other things than having band practice.
Harry was a very grouchy man. I bought my jeans from Harry. The store went out of business and the area became gentrified.
When I got to work I tracked mud all over the carpet. I spent most of the day cleaning up the mess I had made. On the walk home I had dry shoes and I called my mechanic.
One time her friends wanted to come along and she said no. After two hours she knew everybody except Janice wanted to turn around. With a big grin on her face Janice she said "you wouldn't be able to keep up".
When class ended, I hurriedly walked into her. I approached her, asking her to eat lunch with me. She instantly smiled and said yes!
One day he got too cocky and go into an accident. He ran out of blood. Because of this he ended up in a hospital fr a month.
Sister told me girls have to be good at English. She said I was pretty enough to find a husband who was good at math, but I had to communicate. I'm fifty and speak perfect English and am sure it's because of SR Rose.
However my cat was whining and begging for food I looked at her and gave her a piece. When I was done eating I cleaned up my plate
He asked if anyone spoke english but no one seemed to respond. Owen tried to find a place for dinner. It took him 2 extra hours but he was able to find a good place for dinner.
She ended up spending a thousand dollars on housewares. She was really nervous but had an idea. She got a second job to pay for her credit card bill.
He had to call into work and say he had to go to the hospital. Now he isn't going to get paid today. Tom wants to move somewhere warmer.
She arrived at 5:15 pm and ran to the door. She was shocked to see the door was locked. Kay was dismayed to see the store closed at 5:10 pm
She thought she could help because she had a small gas canister in the back. She told the driver she'd be back with some gas. She came back and filled up the driver's car.
Chelsea was trying to schedule a date for her son's birthday party. Nothing seemed to be working out. Chelsea took out her rage on the woman and yelled.
Hannah spent an hours building the small figure. She was proud of herself when she went to bed. However she was sad to woke up the next day and find it melted.
A lot of people found it boring and didn't grab a copy. The writer was so disappointed. Now he was working with another book.
The artist smiled and thanked him. The artist told him all his works thrived on negativity. The critic bought everything because it was such steal!
But using plastic plates meant her trash can filled up quickly. Kim became tired of taking out the trash. And she used normal plates from then on.
Finally he found something on craigslist. He went there to the house. Someone already took the offer.
Her socks were well used so she changed them. She put her dry boots on to go to the bathroom. Kim kept her spare socks dry in the process.
She passed the Smith house and knowing the dog said hello to their dog. She loved their dog Jake very much. Sally arrived at school and went inside for class.
One day Bob ate brownies with nuts! Bob didn't began to asphyxiate. Bob didn't die a terrible death.
I went to only one store that day. Since I only needed one thing, and didn't want to spend much. I still had plenty of money to pay my bills.
He had a nice farm and sold many pigeons  a few years ago. Business was never constant and he stopped raising pigeons. He ended up working as a custodian.
Dean's wife had to go buy groceries by herself, which she had always done. She walked into the store and was irritated. She decided they should just order takeout for the rest of the week.
Her friend Ann took her to a sushi restaurant. Olivia refused to try a little of Ann's sushi rolls. She was surprised to find that it did indeed smell more awful than anticipated.
I spent hours on the dock before I caught it. I finally hooked a giant one. I considered eating it, but put it in aquarium instead.
Her friend Tina didn't help her. When Kelly worked her magic, she looked amazing. She couldn't believe her eyes.
Matt shrugged it off and thought nothing of it so they still leave. Shane was calm but still uneasy. They were being followed and neither recognized it.
After always using a kid's pole, his dad finally let him use an adult pole. When Jensen hooked a sizable fish, it pulled him into the lake! After saving Jensen, they both agreed a smaller pole was necessary.
She started painting, then had a great idea. She mixed white paint with drops of food coloring. She ended up with six more paint colors for the price of one!
On her first day back home, she ran into an old high school classmate. She was so happy, so she asked her how she'd been doing. They ended up hanging out every day.
The one we have is too old and dingy. We had a small budget. After finding the right one we bought it.
Fin offered to prove it with a demonstration. When he couldn't do anything extraordinary, he blamed negative energy. His friends laughed and were very rude.
The hired person unplugged everything to get the wires untangled. She watched with relief as he plugged in the last cable. She was happy with the way it looked now.
She carefully cooked the pasta and baked the vegetables in the oven. When she mixed the ingredients together she noticed it smelled funny. She accidentally used too much wine in her sauce!
The bracelets were very expensive. Some months, I only buy one. Still I find it better than  buying nothing at all.
After the play, she eager sought their opinions. She was hoping she had impressed them at least a little. To her delight, the group all told Irene she had done a wonderful job!
Wanting to show off, Jenny waved her hand in the air. She proudly said the parts of the word were Now and Here. The class laughed because the word on the board was Nowhere.
The lake was far from placid. They noticed several large bubbles, not likely from a fish. They told their friends they had spotted the monster!
Lunch and dinner was for other meal. One day he ran out of milk in the morning so he tried water. Tom decided that cheerios are not good with water.
He was so organized and will never let dishes stay in the sink. He always wash the dishes right after eating. Keith was very happy with the outcome.
Anne was skeptical. At home, she began gardening her own farm She was sad when it didn't turn to be a farm.
The list was not too long, but it had a good variety of items. She gave the list to her mother who was pleased to see it. Then Miley waited and dreamed of what she would get for Christmas.
Cletus decided to try out for school's band. After weeks of practicing, he was accepted to the band. Cletus is very happy that he became a musician.
Bad luck seemed to plague him in every endeavor. After a long day at work he bought a lottery ticket. He scratched it off and won the jackpot.
Sometimes he even pushes silent movies. I keep telling him they're annoying/ But he still insists on watching old movies.
Her boss called her into his office earlier that day He told her she would never be offered a full-time paid position with the company. She accepted the face she would probably never become a professional editor.
It poked right through.. It punctured the juice box. It gushed out and spilled everywhere.
Sandy thought she could visit for photographs. Unfortunately, she got bit many times. Never did she return.
I do volunteer work for the director. He gave me recordings of his concerts. I enjoyed listening to these recordings right from my apartment.
One time she tickled too much. And her friend laughed so hard. She had to change her pants.
When she got to the table her mother gasped. She had tucked toilet paper into her pantyhose. She was very embarrassed as she out the toilet paper.
Naomi made muffins and poured some bourbon. Her grandmother came, and they sat down for bourbon. It was an enjoyable visit.
He applied for many college music scholarships Barrett was sad to receive none scholarship offers. Barrett went on to applied for employment instead of going to college.
It was winter and he could not see the top of the trailer to see there was snow on it. He decided to try to drive down a busy highway. The trailer collapsed from the weight of the snow.
He thought it would be nice to have Mother's Day dinner with his mom every year after that. His mother agreed. For many years he and his mother celebrated Mother's Day with a nice dinner.
After he was done he didn't put them back. I asked him to throw it and he agreed. He apologized and I thanked him for doing so.
Then the tree suddenly fell the wrong direction and hit my house. Now I have to fix my roof. The good news is there is plenty of sun while I work on my roof.
After the eggs were done, he sat down to eat breakfast. Mike washed the dishes. By the time the kitchen was clean, it was time to get ready for work.
Suddenly, a lizard licked the window. The cat lounged around and was lazy. The boy picked the lizard in the end.
We decided to go back to the store to buy milk. Then we started doing the instructions for making cookies. The end results was tons of cookies for everyone to share.
The scout quickly regret his decision, because Abe was signed on to a successful team. Abe played with the best players in the nation. Abe and his team won a world championship.
Mark then looked to see who it was. His neighbor had come to complain of the noise. Mark told him to screw off and turned it up louder.
So, Mike and his children made their way to the concession stand. He purchased the popcorn for himself and his kids. His kids happily munched on their treat.
Then he noticed that it was very quiet. Matt's mike was not working! Matt was glad his audience could hear his song now.
We found no tourmaline. We would have collected them in a bag. We would have brought the rocks home to our collection.
He worked to clean the cloth. It would not come out. Finally they bought a new cloth.
It was a sunny afternoon. Heat struck us. I  had a hard time breathing.
Unfortunately Sue and her husband couldn't agree on a name. They both wanted two completely different names. They came to agreement to combine their favorite names into one.
She made contact within seconds. After a few more punches, Jane delivered a final blow. Hannah fell unconscious.
She put on her helmet and pedaled while her mom held onto the back. She let go when she got comfortable. She pedaled around the track by herself.
First, he went home to change his clothes. Next, he got out his sewing kit. Jason patched his pants like they were a new pair.
She slipped her feet into her torn up slippers. She loved the slippers and used to wear them all the time. She bought new slippers and a year later the slippers gray and matted so badly they weren't fuzzy.
After saving up for a while, she went to the lot to purchase a sporty Volvo. Amy was disappointed to find the car she wanted was sold. But the nice salesman found a similar car for a better price for Jane so it worked out.
Lisa hated having siblings that were younger. She always felt like the attention was always on them. Lisa's mother had to work hard to balance the attention given
David instead jumped very high off the couch and then crashed onto the floor! His mom came running, his arm was broken. Now David knows that he shouldn't jump off the couch either.
So Kim decided to take swimming lessons to conquer her fear. It took several weeks, but she finally grew confident. Kim loved conquering her fear.
He enjoyed the music very much. He began dancing to the music. All his family began watching Tom.
She knew she would fall as soon as she got on the ice. Ice skating was much harder than roller skating. After about an hour she knew she made the right decision by just watching.
When the delivery man handed the box to him anyway, he was surprised. He opened the box and looked at the shoe. The bottom sole was dangling loose and the top had holes already.
Which can be deadly. Alarmed, I looked it up on the internet. I was so relieved to learn brown recluses don't live in this area!
When Kelly went to the Starbucks today she got something different. She ordered a frappuccino. It was amazing.
He was even rude at dinner. After dinner his mom sent him right to bed. Ed didn't get to watch TV or eat dessert.
He went home at noon. He checked his alarm. It had gone off - but he had not heard it because he was gone!
But I never learned how to put together sentences. I didn't study as hard as I should. I ended up failing freshman Spanish.
A thunder has struck her mailbox. She was startled. Stephanie was thankful that it is just her mailbox.
He refused to eat anything other than peanut butter sandwiches all the time. Eventually, the king died of malnutrition. After that, his subjects mourned his death.
He loved the restaurant and loved every bite. Now, he asks Linda to go to the restaurant once a week. She wishes she hadn't taken him to the restaurant, because it was too expensive.
She ate as many hot dogs as her mom could cook. On contest day, Iva ate fifteen hot dogs. She won the contest!
She walked around and asked everyone for votes. She spent time talking to all the students and shaking their hands. She is convinced she will be the homecoming queen.
I downloaded an app and now I can listen to book non stop. At the gym, at work, driving or cleaning at home, I'm going listening. I've listened to over ten books in twenty days.
He saw a smoothie shop and got a cold smoothie And he was instantly addicted. Harry went back to the smoothie shop three more times before going home.
Not finding what she wanted, she began to search locally. After a day she found the perfect car, located across town. After speaking with the seller, she is going to pick it up.
But I couldn't find any. So I decided to scan offices personally. Today I was called to schedule an interview next week.
I was pretty excited and I put the extra tickets up online for sale. Within minutes I sold them for one hundred dollars each. I was a little happier because that was pure a profit for me.
Her girlfriend said it was an awesome car and she wanted to ride in it. Patsy said she didn't mind. She took her girlfriend home in the hotrod.
When she arrived at the restaurant everybody stared at her. Sarah had put on way too much lipstick Her date was nice enough to not mind her looks.
When they reached the top of the trail they were exhausted. Going down the trail looked more difficult. They rested for a while and went down.
She asked them to try the card but it wouldn't go through. It was a bit embarrassing luckily she had cash. She offered to pay in cash and everything turned out okay.
Tom's parent were excited to go with him. Tom stood there waiting in line at the airport with his parents. Finally, Tom caught the flight at the airport.
She then felt relief. Because she didn't scratch it, it healed faster. Now she puts on aloe immediately to stop herself from scratching.
A cop saw him and called a swat team. The cop thought Hank was a bear. Hank laughed it off and went home to shave his hair.
After taking a nap, I left the house and headed to the store. I bought all the items to make a sandwich. When I got home, I ate real well!
They had backed out so fast at the end. Next thing we knew we had to find another buyer. While we were watching the new one be built.
My mom heard me yelp and came outside. She asked who made the sound. My brother told her that I did while I was trying to catch the jar.
She told me my workload was too heavy. She assigned an assistant to help me. Now I'm not stressed at work.
When they got under the shed, they didn't see the underground electric wires. As they were climbing under, Dusty touched the electric wires and got shocked. Luckily, Dusty was fine but they never did it again.
She got into her car. While starting the car, her engine broke down. Foxy never got her potato chips.
His mother said she liked them. Ben had looked at at least twenty pairs of shoes. He was pleased with the nice athletic shoes he finally chose.
My friend had wanted a Steven King book. I wanted a Harry Potter book. We were sad we had no new books to read.
The last time Mia went antiquing, she knelt down to look in a bargain bin and banged into a cabinet. A glass vase with a price tag of $1000 teetered from the shelf. Mia caught it in the knick of time, but couldn't take that risk again.
She was freezing. She immediately changed into long sleeves. She couldn't believe how cold it was.
Meg was stunned when she found out the news. She was excited to be better at doing her new job. The higher pay made her more excited.
He waited in a very short line and he was sure to make the flight. Just then, they announced that the plane to Chicago was delayed. Mark got annoyed and felt disappointed because he had arrived in plenty of time to make his flight!
Jason never thought wisely of his decisions. He asked her for a second chance but got rejected. Jason cried helplessly.
She accidentally knocked over the coffee cup her mother had left. The coffee spilled all over the keyboard! Her mother had to replace the keyboard with her own money.
Her family devoured the meal. They complimented her on her cooking. Afterwards Sarah's daughter started feeling sick.
He purchased 3 of them one day because it was his only option. He ate all of them in one sitting. Paul felt sick later that night.
They walked on campus and Marlene said she needed some water. They went into a store and Marlene bought a bottle of water. She drank the water because she was thirsty.
Next I went to the shops on Main Street. I found the perfect gift for my mom, but couldn't buy it due to price. I headed back to Walmart, where it was on sale for fifty dollars less.
He can't figure out what it is but he senses it is something mental. All he can do is wait for his body to wake up. In time, it does and he can move yet again.
She decided to join the church choir in addition to the choir she usually sang with. The church choir practiced singing during the week. And they ended up singing beautifully every Sunday!
He saw the janitor walking slowly up the stairwell. Nick waved at the janitor as he passed. The janitor was pleasantly surprised.
He decided to post online asking for some help. Suddenly, someone sent him a message. Someone had sent him a recipe.
Will's team was practicing for the big championship game that is coming up. While practicing one of his star player slips and falls on the grass and breaks his leg. Will's star player was not able to play in the championship game.
Tom decided to build a sand castle. Tom went to work and exerted himself to build a sandcastle. Tom got heatstroke working so hard and Sally was worried.
Joan had gone to the gym and worked out for a month. Still, the number on her scale hadn't been budging. Joan got off the scale, thrilled to see the number finally going down.
I went over and lucked out, he was making ribs! We had a great night over dinner hanging out. I went home that night with a full belly and heart.
There was no silence from the snoring and it bothered his roommate. Sam looked up snoring treatments. He called his doctor to talk about his findings.
He didn't bother doing his homework. The next day it didn't snow. Gary got in trouble at school.
She bought some eggs, veggies, and chicken. Her bill ended up to be close to $20. She was satisfied.
I asked assistance from one of the trainers. I first enrolled to their program. I regularly visited the gym since then.
Laura's friend at school was moving, and had to give away her cat. Laura brought a carrier to school, brought the cat home, and hid it. That night, Laura surprised another friend with a cake and the new cat.
She approached the old woman. Then she handed her an empty cup. The old woman yelled at Cora loudly.
Things are going much better this year. The favored Red Sox lose the first three games of the series. They become the 1st team to come back from 0-3 and win the series.
This is the first year they haven't had to work. They show many great items. They did not buy anything.
She was excited, but nervous. Her family was there to greet her at the bus depot. Sandy was so happy and felt very loved.
She had looked through books and magazines to find inspiration. She painted an image of the boy's face. Her painting was well received by her peers.
They couldn't find them, despite looking everywhere. Then, the tot had an idea. He looked in the car and found his blanket and eye mask there.
She stopped to help, and soon the police arrived to the accident scene. The police spoke to the people in the wrecked cars, and they said they were okay. Sharon was thankful, and started checking the weather before driving.
She had to close the shop to repair it herself. The building owner told her it would be over a month for repair. Amy was disappointed to miss out on a month's worth of business.
Finally he relents and goes, and Felipe is surprised that the curry is so spicy and delicious. He wishes that he had tried curry long before. Now Indian curry is one of Felipe's favorite foods.
I then began to drive to the location. After several hours of not arriving, I couldn't look at the GPS to figure out the problem. It turned out that I used the wrong address, and had to turn around.
Rob's writing instructor asked Rob to see him in his office. There, Rob was informed that the instructor loved Rob's assignment. It turned out that the instructor's uncle wanted to perform the song.
She managed to kick him in the knee before he could speak to her. He ended up tumbling on the ground. Hannah aggressively laughed.
That's because she used to, and one day one of the dolls got ruined by her friend. Kim was not upset at her friend though, she just doesn't let people play with her dolls anymore. Kim is a good person.
I had a slip up when I went to the mall to return it. I took it with me into the bathroom and it fell on the tile. The phone ended up smashing and it was unfortunate.
Mary remembers she has a coupon code. Mary takes the lyft to the store. It wasn't much money because of the coupon
They brought lots of drinks with them. They drank all night long. They had a great time enjoying each other's company.
One day they they met each other and decided to start dating. They had their ups and downs, but were generally happy. Finally they decided to get married and lived happily ever after.
They were scared of the huge waves. Jeff explained that the waves were harmless. The kids got out of the car and enjoyed the beach.
It took so much effort I tried to walk back to the house and couldn't. My husband drove me to the hospital. The doctor there said I had dehydration.
In front of a store a lady asked them where he found it. She told them he saw them in the parking lot of the store. Jim was very pleased to have his puppy back.
He had 10 lemons and brought cactus juice inside. He washed them and squeezed them into a pitcher and added the cactus juice. He made lemonade and continued eating his lunch.
The theater was having an event where you could rescue puppies She looked in the last cage, and in the corner was a small black puppy Elizabeth picked it up and it was instant love, and home they went.
This made him depressed. One day his mom told him he had to continue his life. Jim listened to his mom and eventually moved on.
I planted some in the backyard so I could give him fresh alfalfa. When it was ready, I brought him a bundle to eat hoping he would have a change of heart. He did not eat a single bite.
Lucy didn't know if it meant something else. When the friend visited their house later, Lucy spoke up. She asked the woman what her cookie expression meant.
Shelia's sister would have wanted to name the baby for her. Her sister would have loved to pick the name. Sheila decided to do so and named the baby after her sister.
She ordered fried rice. She received orange chicken instead. She had to wait 10 minutes before she got the correct order.
The eagle then attacked Donald. Donald was upset about it. He viewed it like Canada attacked him.
It occurred to her that she could be pregnant. On her lunch break she bought and took a test. To her surprise, she was pregnant.
The family sat down to watch TV. The winning ticket number was being announced. Jon would have won if he played his usual number.
When the cake was ready, she put it on the table. Then, she began lighting candles. Suddenly, her husband said he hated the cake and left.
So he decided he would make his own phone. Mike's phone ended up being a success! Now other people love the internet because of Mike's phone.
He felt inspired to start gaming and streaming. The day after he started , he made his room it into his studio. A few hours later, somebody tipped him on twitch a lot of money.
He used a pencil to draw out the dimensions on a piece of drywall. The saw sprang to life in his hands as he cut out the piece of cardboard. He secured the piece into the hole using glue.
Another rabbit had probably started nesting on top of his battery. Dan saw the rabbit once hop away. He had strangled it with his bare hands and tossed it in a ravine.
Everyone encouraged her to just sit down and be quiet. She said no, and eventually left. She felt good that she stood up for herself that day.
She didn't have time to do hair or makeup. She had to wear the other contestant's dress. Callie looked so good anyway, she won first prize!
I pretended to tie my shoes so I could grab it. I slid the tire iron into my sleeve without anyone seeing. I used the tire iron to change my tire.
Gina laughed. She reminded her there car backfires all the time. Her sister stood looking horrified.
But the goats were being very sweet. When her back was turned one stole her bucket of food. She thought it was adorable.
But then he remembered he had forgotten his lunch! He was sad, until his boss announced free taco tuesday. Bill would have a great lunch after all - free!
The squirrel had two babies. The babies came out and she raised two babies. After a while the three squirrels ran off.
With a saw he then cut up the pieces. Ron used mostly screws but some glue to assemble it. He set the uneven shelf aside to let the glue dry.
Beth and Ali stayed at Val's place for a week. Beth tried to pay for their stay but Val refused. They thanked Val for her hospitality.
We were scared and woke my dad up. Cautiously, he got angry at us. That is the neighbor's cat.
Kate decided to plug in her speakers and turn it up. The music was enjoyable for her roommate. Kate told her roommate just where to buy the music.
In a panic I called the coach and rushed to the baseball field. On the baseball field I was told that I made the team! Now I can play official games with them.
He stayed like a normal kid. Soon enough he started to have his own family. Antwan was a very responsible father and a loving husband.
One day he was playing with another boy when he wasn't supposed to. His teacher assumed Abel didn't know he was doing the wrong thing. That was the first and last time Abel ever came close to trouble.
They told her that she should practice very day. Amy took this advice and practiced. Amy noticed that she had improved at basketball.
Chewing his pen, he tried to think. Suddenly, a car sped by, giving him an idea. Scowling, he began to write about how much he'd hate to be a NASCAR driver.
Every boy she met was annoying. She did not want any of them. She went back home and watched tv.
After a while, people started showing up but he noticed that people were very cold and hostile. All of a sudden, a man began yelling at everyone about a school policy. This made Howard confused and uncomfortable, so he decided to leave.
It was too cold. I knew Niagara Falls was almost frozen over. It may have been a breathtaking experience, but I don't want to visit in ever.
One night, her and a friend got lost and had no choice but to walk through the swamps. Soon, they heard loud screams and loud banging! They ran away fast towards the direction for their home as fast as possible.
He stopped researching vehicles. He never found a great vehicle. He didn't purchase a vehicle.
Got a great job right out of college. Started making a high amount of money. Bought an expensive house for his family.
She would no longer be a uneducated. At first it was hard, but she stuck with it. Anna kept persevering and is on her way to her degree.
She has a pair of high heels in almost every style. She also has plenty of boots. She decided not to buy more sandals.
They got divorced on the sixth of May. A year to the day later they married again. There divorce lawyers were their best man and maid of honor.
Monica waited for the salon to open for her manicure. She waited an hour past her scheduled time. Monica grew very annoyed that she had to wait.
Larry decides to attend a local soccer match when one is finally in town. He cheers along with other fans when the team scores. Although he doesn't make any new friends, he resolves to try again.
She took her favorite vegetable dish and turned it into a nacho dish. When it was done she loved it. She immediately told all her friends.
There was a dog with a leash but no one holding it. Rick grabbed hold of the leash and set off to steal the dog. In the end Rick was found by the angry owner and the dog was well.
When Mel's surviving son got older, his son son moved away. Mel would see his son several times during the year. They would never go fishing.
There were car parts and random belongings everywhere. Jazz's parents were uninjured. They all helped to pick up their things while waiting for the police.
Bob was excited but couldn't take a picture of the cat The cat suddenly jumped away. Bob realized that the cat had clawed at his shoulder.
She aimed between the door frame and the door. She pushed the car door back hoping it would open. The ice broke and the door finally opened.
I'm not sure if I could wait that long. I sent an email to the network because of my frustration. Hopefully they read it and rescheduled it sooner.
Sometimes the bears would come close to the back porch. A co-worker was taking out the trash and hit a bear with the door. He immediately came back in and was more careful next time.
He found a nearby sheep herder who was missing 8 sheep. The herder was happy to regain the animals. James' sheep were all properly accounted for once more.
I wanted a basic coffin. I found one on Ebay and it cost too much money. I changed my will to include cremation services.
He applied to be a web developer. He got the job. Webster found the work calming because he didn't like interacting with people.
But first she had to remove all her tongue rings. Ella had had them in for Years! They were very difficult to remove!
She had to clear the snow from side windows of the car. When she got back in the car the windows were all clear. The car was warm and toasty.
Finally his dad wants to teach him, so Jorge spends the entire day with his father learning each step. Once he has learned, he practices making beans at his own home. Jorge is proud he has finally learned his father's recipe for beans.
Her labor pains has started. Her husband had rushed her to the hospital. She gave birth to a healthy baby boy.
The media reported on the drone crash. One person bought a drone and used it to spy on Craig. A website was made to watch Craig twenty four hours a day.
The doctors and nurses listened to her. Afterwards, Mary decided she wanted to help other women. She studied to be a doula, and advocated for other mothers.
He was about to go out of his mind He found her after she was lost for half a day. He told her a story that made the girl smile, even if it was a lie.
Bill still flicked the lighter on. He brought the flame to a fuse if a firework. Once the fuse was lit he ran away.
Chads frined invited him on a speed boat for the weekend. Chad went and loved the speed the boat traveled. Chad could not wait to go on the speed boat again.
I had called my friend and had gotten no reply. I decided to try again right away. He picked up and told me that he was waiting for my call all day.
Becky won the first game, along with the 2nd and 3rd. She usually doesn't play so good, but the others weren't worried. They didn't care who won as long as everybody had fun.
After their divorce he changed his mind and was unable to sell the extra grave. He kept it and buried his prized possessions with him. The funeral was sad and lonely.
She was worried about doing well on her first day. That Friday, she worked as hard as she could. At the end of her shift, her manager praised her work
Dinner was a doughnut and coffee in the lobby of my building. I had to attend two meetings and write several reports. I left work at 8 PM and biked home in the night.
One day while vacationing in America, she tried a steak. It tasted very delicious. She understands why steaks are so beloved.
One day they went down to the river. Thad's dad brought the swimming fins. Thad swam the longest he'd ever had that day!
His guide pulled him out of it. Ben asked what it was. His guide explained that it was quicksand!
They then had a vet look at the horse and bandage it up. It turned out the horse had bad eyes aswell. The vet made the horse wear special horse eyeglasses.
He swerved and hit a tree. Tim's car was totaled. Now Tim doesn't have a car to drive.
The storm was bigger than anything he had seen before. He had prepared with appropriate supplies. Ken was well equipped to handle the storm.
He used the rest of the blue paint to make the sky. To be artsy he added some yellow to the water. He loved the way that it turned out
I planted and watered the cuttings. The cuttings sprouted in the dirt quickly. I now have fresh herbs everyday.
He put down his work and was running up the stairs. He turned around when the phone stopped ringing. Dave cursed loudly and walked back down.
He invited his friend Alissa. Alissa loved disney. Alissa ended up buying the tickets herself.
She had never told anyone why she no longer liked acting. Decades later she wasn't even sure she could remember, herself. Sirene lied to the autograph seeker and feigned ignorance.
He got angry and pushed toward home. He also started to throw a few air punches. Jordan dodged traffic on the way home.
The snow had made the runways very dangerous. My plane arrived late, and delayed picking up my son. I had to pay a thirty dollar fee for being late.
She threw a Frisbee to him as hard as she could. It went out into the street on that throw along with Ruff. Becca still feels guilty about that day.
Next week the race car championships were on TV, so he wouldn't have to listen on the radio. He decided to ask his friend to watch the big race with him. They had a lot of fun watching the race car championships together.
To her surprise, her friend Jenny went with her husband instead. Alana was furious. It was supposed to be a girls trip and postponing it for a husband wasn't welcome.
So he went to the store and found a nice dvd player and bought it. William gave his mother the gift after their dinner. She was very happy and hugged her son.
She hopped in the car and looked back at the house. It struck her she wouldn't be visiting this house anymore. She didn't realize she would never see this house again.
He applied for many jobs and finally received a call back. Mark interviewed for the position. He got the job and started the next week.
The scientists watched this gorilla. The scientists taught the gorilla sign language. The gorilla learned to sign and lives with the other gorillas in the zoo now.
First they pretended to be Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin. My son then transformed into Captain Jake. It is amazing how creative they can be when dressing up.
He didn't need the internet or phone reception He was having fun playing on the farm and loved it. He was sad to finally leave.
Paul knew an open mic was a good chance to be overcome by his nerves. He got up and couldn't begin to play. The people hated his lack of music and he felt very sad.
But on the plane my brother started to burp twice. After the third burp he threw up all over the seat. After that I thought when someone burps 3 time in a row they puke.
They open the windows to cool it down, but that wasn't helping much. Instead, they decided to plug in a fan. Soon, the whole cabin was nice and cool.
He borrowed a guitar, but a guitar string broke. Mark decided to replace all of his strings. Now he sounds better than ever!
Her doctor had said she could attempt a vaginal delivery, and VBAC. Anna had decided to try it and it failed. She had to in the end give birth by a c-section.
One day, she walked into a fire hydrant. An officer checked on her. Now, Nora is more careful when she walks.
He told me I need to drink less soda. I usually drink two cups a day but my job keeps me active. Today I drank water instead and I feel much more hydrated.
She never felt more good before. She decided to have her hair regularly cut short. Brittany never missed her long hair.
When we were walking to the bar, her dog spit in her drink cup. She instantly took a drink without noticing. I didn't say anything so I just smiled and continued the date.
It was after lunch and Anita watched TV instead of washing dishes. Her stepfather asked if she wanted to go for a walk together. Then they went outside and enjoyed the nice weather together.
Penny headed out, unaware the end of the scarf stuck in the door. Penny entered school, expecting to hear compliments on her scarf. She looked down to see her scarf was nowhere to be found.
All everyone wanted was pictures of him. They then left the account. Gerald was upset.
While she was stretching, she had noticed something tucked under the bed. It was her sister's diary! Jane pulled the little book out and started to read.
During the game, Timmy sprained his ankle. Timmy couldn't play in the game anymore because of his ankle. John picked Cory to replace him in the game, and they won!
Her grandma decided to take her out to lunch to celebrate. While they were eating, the baby was born. Sara and her grandmother rushed to the hospital to meet him.
The community college offers a lifeguard course for $100. George wants to be a lifeguard. George can't take the class because he doesn't have extra money.
Bob tried his best from the floor but he just couldn't reach it. Alex gave him a ladder. After that Bob changed the bulb and was happy.
Since everyone was familiar with each other, they talked. Janet moved near the food section. She sat there all day.
The test cubes ended up shattering. The teacher told everyone to move away from the fire. He took out a fire extinguisher and put out the fire.
She was happy that she didn't give up. Sade next tried out for the dance team and band. She is now also in the advanced band and lead on the dance team.
She had a good time without her friends. She scraped her foot on the bottom of a pool. Overall Janine had a good time at the water park.
His parents said that the football team wasn't the only way to build character. So Tom joined the golf team instead. Tom had fun, bonded with teammates, and loved the camaraderie.
My friend tried to throw a piece of clay at me. I got irritated and ended up throwing a larger piece at him. We ended up throwing more pieces around the room while my math teacher just shook his head.
He would squeeze, look, and evaluate. Finally he tried on his choice and had a terrible surprise. It had a needle in it.
Sally could run around and make it spin also. But while Sally was running it flew out of her hands. Her dog Fido had it in his mouth before it landed on the ground.
Kim reached but was not able to grab it. She began to climb the shelves to grab it. A store clerk noticed this and told her to get down.
She flew home and began connecting with her dad. What was meant to be a short visit turned into months of living with her dad. She ended up staying for two years before flying back.
He decided to improve the piece. Everyone was amazed by his performance. Eddie was hailed as a musical genius.
But he felt sorry and decided to take the cat inside. The next morning, he saw sign for a lost cat, including a reward. Ron was glad he had sympathy for cat the previous night.
Another gangster took his place, and one day, a businessman arrived with a special delivery for him. It was something the gangster had wanted for a long time. The new delivery now hangs proudly in the man's lavish home.
When the circus was over they tried to find the clown On their way to their car, they spotted the clown and got their money back. It was such a disaster, they vowed never to go to the county fair again.
Then when Rick turned 40, his dad reconnected with a special birthday gift. It was a pair of tickets to a local wrestling match. The two men enjoyed the match-and their trip down memory lane.
He began studying eating videos, and not making changes along the way. Dave gained forty-five pounds! Dave went on to run in a 5K and had a heart attack.
Michael persisted with his studies. He got a great job that paid lots of money. Michael showed his father that he was successful.
He saw that his entire fence had been blown over. He had to spend all day putting the fence back up. This time he reinforced it for wind.
She opted not to find the sex out in advance When she birthed the baby, she was eager to know the sex To her joy, it was a girl!
His company had paid him already. This was an unusual occurrence. Richard happily went to the grocery store.
This morning though, she realized she had a test. Stacey freaked out. She knew she would not do well.
She sat and watched it. Next she tried to pet it. Maggie was happy she got to see the ladybug.
A few hours later, the snow was a foot deep. It snowed all through the night. I was really mad the next morning, because I hate the cold.
One day his mom screamed as she saw cockroaches. Her two younger sister screamed with her. The asked for help of their father.
They dug a channel for a moat around their mermaid. Then they used buckets to fill the moat with water. Finally, after much work, they were proud of their complete mermaid!
He went to the adoption center, all of the puppies were very cute. James finally picked a black and white puppy. James took the puppy home.
They had gotten caught sneaking out last time. Lynn didn't want to take the risk of being caught. Amy agreed to not break curfew or sneak out again.
Therefore Lulu didn't have to do all the housework herself. It was totally easy. Thankfully Rosie stayed for awhile so Lulu got a break.
Howie used the phone to order a pizza. Howie answers the door to the pizza delivery man. Howie sits down to eat his pizza.
The salon worker decided to be creative with the color. Peyton's hair color came out uneven and too dark on one side. She left the salon sad, but relieved that it would grow back quickly.
Francis felt sick after dropping the pie. He began to regret dropping the pie. Francis decided to carry pies more carefully in the future.
The saleslady told Jane that they were great stockings.. She had preferred the feel of silk over nylon, she told Jane. Jane was buying the silk pair of stockings.
Therefore, he updated his online portfolio to include his new job. Next, he improved his skills so he'd be better at his job. In the middle of the week, he was enjoying things and working hard for his employer.
He ran and took her phone and while she was in the pool. She yelled because her phone was her favorite possession. Her brother laughed and said that was too bad.
I was looking for a specific coin in exchange and asked if he had it in stock. The coin dealer informed me that he did not have it. I was disappointed as i headed back home.
We watched the news seeing the first building on fire. I then saw a airplane fly into the second building. Many of us watching it were either screaming or crying.
For a while she showed it off well. Yet for days her parents didn't find out. They didn't ground her for a month.
He found profound life lessons offered by every religion. He absorbed what was useful and discarded the rest. He saw his life improve.
He used to glue pennies to the sidewalk. And trip people all the time. He did this until he was 10 years old.
Peter took a deep breath and relaxed. This is what he'd been trained for. He squeezed the trigger and missed.
Until one day he hurt his arm. He was very sad but relieved he could still run. He decided to run even more to stay in shape.
I called the pharmacist and asked what else she would recommend. She told me to call poison control immediately. With gratitude for her assistance, I did just that.
I left work early to go congratulate her. However, my sister talked to me about her during the next day. She said that my cousin was faking the engagement.
But when lunch time came, she got a surprise. She hadn't packed them well and now they were sticky and messy! Ana was barely even able to eat her healthy cookies!
She They told me to go inside but I chose to stay and drink. Very early the next morning I woke up in jail for public intoxication. I still cringe thinking about the mistake that got me in so much trouble.
He didn't see the dentist because it wasn't painful. But it looked so bad that he finally gave in. He got his tooth pulled and his mouth looked better.
Since he'd checked out of his hotel, he decided to go on a date first. they spent the whole day on the beach. At the end of the day he caught his flight home.
She added mushrooms and sauteed onions. She pureed tomatoes. When she mixed it all together it was not perfect without the meat.
His parents had decided to bring him to a dragon festival in Chinatown. He was so excited. He wanted to go every year.
There were two kittens playing together in a cage. Jenny was worried that if they took one the other would be lonely. She convinced her dad to let her take both of them home.
But he enjoyed taking care of the crops. He felt sad when the day was over. But he was given lots of free vegetables.
He walked through the store, getting his items. After checking out, Glen began the laborious long walk home. Glen finally made it home and rested for a long time.
While they were still selling, a mother with her Girl Scout daughter came along. The mother said that was always their spot and they started arguing. Tim's wife came along and chased the other mother away.
Two kids from next door came over to feed treats to our dog. Shortly after Rex no longer wanted to live with us. We decided that Rex would be more happy with the kids.
He decided to sit at a window. Then he saw it was raining heavily. He never walked home on cloudy days again
When he got back inside, he tried to install it. Tim realized he had brought the wrong size of wiring with him. Tim would need to go to the store and buy the right size.
When the drawing was held, there were no tickets to compare. One ticket bought somewhere else won. . The winnings would have been split between all the workers.
No one at school cared. I felt very glad that people would not judge me. I promised myself I would never need to shave my legs.
ob could not sleep due to being bitten all night. He arrived at his business meeting extremely tired. Bob fell asleep many times at his meeting due to his lack of sleep.
But the other dogs didn't play nice and got into a fight. Devin ran over to try to break it up and someone thought he started it. Devin and Kevin were banned from the dog park for a year.
So instead we played checkers. Last night I was leading 4-0 when he quit for the night. I think he was a bit down on himself.
Tami was looking for her folder all over. When Tami found out about what Gina did, she got really upset. Tami never talked to Gina again.
His car went faster than the other cars. Everyone obeyed the green flag. Ken crossed the line first.
It was Harold's birthday and he was upset for having to work. The empty houuse he arrived at, however, changed his mood. His customers had gathered as a surprise, thanking him for his work!
Before we start the care, he makes sure I buckle myself in. We hit the pole because another car almost hit us while we were driving. I'm glad i was wearing a seat belt.
They tried the original New York pizza. The girls loved the pizza. After trying the pizza they went home.
She applied to her favorite college online. She received a reply a few weeks later saying she got accepted. She received a full ride to the school by having a scholarship helping individuals with autism.
While she wasn't looking, a spider crawled on her hand. She felt it's legs and started to giggle She got a book and tried to identify the spider.
It didn't warn him not to do it again. But he knew he could lose his internet and be fined. Sam never downloaded another movie.
James didn't ask his sister to return his money. His sister was very thankful she has a brother like James. James is the type of brother you can always count on.
The previous therapist didn't really help. So I decided to see a psychiatrist. Hopefully the psychiatrist will give me some drugs to help me with my depression.
A man had called and told them he had found Wags dead. Fred and his sister met up with the man and got Wags back. They gave Wags a proper funeral.
He saved a lot of money by cutting his own wood. He built a new mantle with his extra money. Kendrick exceptionally appreciates his fireplace.
Ani got really depressed and decided to quit drinking milkshakes. She decided to get back in shape. Ani enrolled to a gym near her house.
He was anxious for it to be halloween so he could go door to door and get candy. Halloween was his favorite holiday. His favorite because when the night is done he has tons of candy!
Her boss asked her if there was anything they could change to keep her there. She spent all day thinking about it. She asked for a huge raise.
The bunny found his water dish and drank most of it. I decided to refill his water dish. The bunny can now drink water.
The two friends asked Dean to borrow his money. Dean went back home to explain to his mother what had happened. His mother gave him more money to use next time.
Vicki was hired to work in a new skyscraper. Vicki visited a very tall building to get used to the upper levels. Vicki worked in an exceptionally safe skyscraper.
When he woke up it was already afternoon. His stomach acted up because of hunger. Pat had a big lunch that day.
Kim heard the sound of the pebble hit the glass. She stopped the car. She got out and saw a knick in her windshield.
So while it was being repaired, instead of training for the race she relaxed at home. On the day of the race she was unprepared. Leah did not win the race because she was out of shape.
She noticed in the corner of the window that there was a doodle, but she couldn't figure out who had put it there. She asked around and no one would claim it. Finally, her friend called and admitted that she had done it.
During the little free time he had on his work trip, he traveled to the hot water springs. There, his skin got much better. He came back a new man.
When I got to school people were coughing, and I was embarassed. My teacher said go wash it off. I had to scrub my neck in the bathroom.
They traveled there by car. When they got there they took a lot of pictures. The family doesn't have as much fun there as they use to.
As dusk arrived fireflies came out. Beth ran and grabbed jars to catch them in. The girls laughed but ran inside out of the storm without catching fireflies.
She took care of the dog every day. Many people came to look at her dog. She was very happy she had adopted her dog.
I used the dead grass to start a fire in my burn ring. Afterwards, I found the treasure in the burn ring. I am glad I raked up the grass into a burn ring because I found the treasure.
She looked in a mirror to see if the it was bleeding. There was no blood, but there was no skin on the wound. Gina's mom disinfected and then covered the raw wound.
One of the tests was to wade for ten minutes. She had a really hard time but she pushed herself. She managed to pass and she got to be a lifeguard.
Meisha's husband encouraged her and practiced with her everyday. Meisha went to the comedy club and felt very prepared. Meisha did very well and performed stand up many times again.
She fell asleep while her friend was working on her hair. When she finally woke up and rinsed the bleach out of her hair it was a disaster. She had white streaks all through her hair, not blonde.
Shari considered their suggestion. One day she auditioned in a comedy bar. To her surprise, she was instantly accepted as a stand-up comedienne!
He didn't want to put all the money in a risky stock. Two months later the stock doubled in price. Sal cursed his luck, and unburied and collected his money.
After buying the ingredients, I mixed the cake and popped it in the oven. The phone rang and I forgot about the cake. The cake burnt to a crisp, so it was my surprise cake!
He told everyone to go home and help with a food drive at church. People listened to his message and decided to help. Pastor Tom's church collected many pounds of food that Sunday.
In the garage, she found her cat sitting calmly beside a snake. She figured the snake was dead, so she placed it outside. When Emily looked out later, the snake was gone.
He came in through the open gate. She called the police who came looking for him. Eventually, the homeless man agreed to leave her garden.
He just decided to stay inside and play video games. He had fun playing video games. He had a memorable week at home.
He knew he couldn't win eitiher way with Jake. At least with video games if he lost he wouldn't lose money. Jake refused to play video games
She got too deep in the water and was in over her head and panicked. After a struggle she was able to swim to the edge of the pool. She nearly drowned, but she decided to continue swimming.
I decided to make a counter by offering $9000. Jane decided to offer $11000 since she desired the car as well. I gave up and walked away.
Dan and his team mates didn't make it to finals. In the finals the game was tied. The team won by two points and went on to state finals.
His parents did not make him go to summer school. Billy was  happy about this. He determined it was going to be the best summer ever!
She sat down and ate the food they had left including a sample of alligator. Carrie decided to give it a try even though she was grossed out. It turned out to taste pretty good, like chicken
Barbara is very worried he won't have time to spend with their three children. Everyday, her husband leaves early to go to interviews and job sites. Barbara wishes her husband has another job where he has more time with his family.
It might have said I had to go to jury duty. I would have decided to go. I wouldn't have been fined hundreds of dollars and I would have been glad about going.
However later that night she got hungry. She went to the kitchen and had the bread. She found out she doesn't have a gluten intolerance after all.
She used her phone to remind her on how to change one. She successfully changed the tire all by herself. She got to work and told everyone how much she loves the internet.
Theo had plans of leaving his family. He was able to sneak out one night without hassle. He is in the army now just like his father.
She measured everything and put it in the oven. When the cake was done it looked delicious. She had remembered everything and it tasted amazing.
She wanted to get extra for later. Now her arm was aching from the heavy basket. Gina walked as quickly as she could to get to the checkout.
This beautiful puppy looked at me dearly. I decided to get him and take him home. She had been my dog for 8 years now.
Her parents told her she needed to return the kitten. Tina was sad. She finally returned the kitten.
So she hired a golf pro. The golf pro helped Lyn learn the sport. Lyn now has a great new hobby.
She was unsure what  disease she might've contracted. Then her doctor called to set her mind at ease. Louisa wasn't ill after all - she was expecting a baby!
He went to a bookstore and bought a lot of them. Jason happily headed back home. He started reading the comics he bought.
At first, he said no, because it he wanted to get the mail. Later, she arrived home. In her hands, she had the mail for her husband, surprising him.
He was installing the new cabinets and ran into a problem. The contractor had not measured the cabinets correctly. The contractor had to start all over with new cabinets.
Kate located a private instructor that specializes in kickboxing. After visiting the instructor, Cate signed up for his lessons. Kate is excited to be attending her first kick boxing lesson tomorrow.
One day, she bet he couldn't make it through her Bikram Yoga class. He didn't regret going when he needed no rest after 60 minutes. Harry never got asked to go to his wife's yoga classes again.
She drove 200 miles to the nearest store and bought a new one. When she got home the new file worked much better than the old one. The file had cost 20% more than she expected but it was worth it.
Later, three speed bikes were in vogue. I stuck to ten speed bikes but they were very light. I finally bought a beach cruiser to bike through the snow.
She heard a knock on the door, and it was a large pepperoni pizza. Marcy called her boyfriend and thanked him. Her boyfriend said it was his pleasure to buy her a pizza.
Missy had a big game tonight. She was nervous about it. Missy skipped it to avoid the pressure.
He felt nervous. He went in and heard her crying. He left right away
When she looked down she saw a huge tabby. She sighed and the cat rubbed more. From then on she kept an eye on the cat all the time.
I was pleased and grateful I had done the task early in the day. I was starting to be grateful working for that employer. I was surprised and pleased to receive a bonus for the good job I had done.
They didn't get to choose a tree. They didn't get to chop one down. They would have paid for the tree and went home.
She went into the station to buy a sandwich. The lady behind the counter smiled initially. Until Gina explained her car was blocking one of the gas pumps.
Tomorrow's list will be apples and strawberries. His mom said she would take him to the nearest orchard. Then they will use all the fruits to bake special treats.
She asked the secretary for the time and she said it was 1:05 PM. But Gina had no idea when she arrived. She realized she had no way of knowing how long she had been there.
Still, the support tech researched the number to the mobile the call came from. Thinking only a quick tweak was necessary, the tech called the phone. The support line went dead, and tech went back to reading his book.
Kenny decided to join a competition. He got really good at he got sponsors. When spring came, he won a contest in roller blades.
He put on a tee-shirt and  started walking. Outside in the heat of the morning Larry began to regret his decision. Finding his rhythm was easy, though and he decided to commit to walking.
Her mommy order hash browns, eggs and grits. When the waiter brought their food out, he asked again if she wanted anything. Jody and her mom had a pleasant breakfast.
I was visiting him when his daughter said to take a pill. He did not take the pill yet. Later he called me to tell me he had taken his pill.
In a few seconds, he passed out in the car. His brother woke him up several minutes later. Nate immediately woke up and cleaned himself.
While tying his shoe when they were leaving, he hurt his back. He was unable to get back up. It turned out to be a bad pull.
The cousin got annoyed to Dan. He told Dan to get off him. Dan told his mom, and got mad to his cousin.
She dropped her ice cream. It spilled all over her shirt. She had to clean it up with a napkin.
She felt festive at first but then kind of bored. The next morning she was very hung over. Sam decided not to drink so much anymore.
She also bought all the ingredients. She had never made baked chicken before. Lo and behold, it turned out great!
After getting if fixed, his dog knocked his laptop out of his lap. The laptop fell to the ground. His laptop's screen cracked and became unusable.
But at the age of 45 Wilma decided to go back to college. She earned her nursing degree, surprisingly enough. Wilma was thrilled to be living her recently found dream of being a nurse.
One day at the mall Cara met a nice salesperson. The salesperson picked out a pretty dress for Cara. It fit her perfectly and so she decided to buy it.
Amber put a treadmill in her house and used it every day for 4 weeks. She realizes she has lost 10 pounds. Amber is very proud of herself.
He just sell his cakes and other products online. Paul had a lot of customers buying online. His business was successful!
She began to enjoy longer hours. She smile the whole day. After 3 months she decided to  ask for more hours.
They played and laughed together in the candy fields. Sometimes Francis would let her ride him and they would frolic in the fields! Beth loved her time with her friend in her dream playtime
Ben quickly found out he was a natural. He signed up for a class and his instructor was shocked at his artistic skills. Ben has started his own painting class for beginners.
He had been practicing everyday as hard as he could, year after year. His basketball team went on to winning the nationals. Tim was asked by a NBA team to play for them, and he happily accepted.
Jake saw a toy store and rushed over to check out all the toys. He then realized that he couldn't escape from his mom! Jake had to walk with his mom, but eventually got to go into the toy store.
All of her friends could download things. It seemed like the night was ruined, but then Jason opened his bag. Inside was a DVD of their favorite drama, which they watched happily!
The guitar teacher he found was a 23 year old Asian female who charged $20 per lesson. Anthony signed up and then determined she was single. But who Anthony thought was her brother was really her husband.
The two conversed and laughed as she dropped her luggage. She smiled at a stranger as she arrived at her room, the stranger leaving to another room. It took Jen a moment to parse she was now standing with all her luggage in the hallway.
Elevators were the worst. He took the stairs to avoid people. The fire alarm went off and people poured into the stairway.
David showed it to his friend. The friend was impressed. David got his friend a similar shirt.
Jen also has a piano recital. Jen can easily finish the paper after her recital. Jen will not have to stay up late with her paper.
I was hesitant to throw it. I didn't sleep all night thinking about the shoes. I told my wife I can't throw it because it has sentimental value.
They looked at many houses but couldn't agree on one. Finally they decided they would wait. Tomorrow is lease renewal day.
The day turned out great until heavy winds appeared. Our belongings and food were blown away completely. Therefore, everyone had to pack up and leave the place.
But he tried to  sent out his work to every publisher he could find. One day an editor called asking to buy all his short stories. He finally got his shot.
During Ivy's birthday, she was surprised by her boyfriend. He flew all the way to her place to greet her. They spent the day as if there was no tomorrow.
Nichole could really use any money to pay her rent which was late. But if there is an id with an address she might want to return it. Maybe the owner would reward her honesty.
Bill developed an intolerance with lactose with age. He has to take over the counter medicine if he eats dairy. At least Bill doesn't have to take medication just to eat sour cream.
He tried to go up a hill with his 4 wheel drive. But he kept sliding regardless of what he tried. It was more ice than snow and too slippery even for his truck.
So, her mom encouraged her to give it a shot. Excited, Laura agreed. And she played so well, she made the team!
When he gets to his first day of work, he is told that he has been demoted to busboy. Jim doesn't have the heart to tell his friends the truth. When they visit the restaurant unannounced Bill is humiliated.
Annie's mother had begged her to get to the dentist to have it checked. She didn't accept and didn't make an appointment. The dentist wasn't needed to take care of her infection and save her from much pain.
They stayed with a German uncle for a day before moving on to the Alps. There, they saw their grandma and grandpa. They finished the trip in Vienna before heading home.
After the concert, they went to Jim's house and they started to study. But they decided to take a break. They ended up playing video games the rest of the night.
There was a boulder about eighty feet up. Matt was able to get passed it even as I fell. I decided I need to practice more so I can climb as well as Matt
When they became adults, they both moved away to different towns. They had children and both decided to move back to their childhood town. Their sons are oddly enough the best of friends, and play on the same team.
She was surprised that she did not read it sooner. She was so engrossed she did not eat all day. She finished the book in one day.
The sleeping pill is not taking effect on me. My fingers were still active and it makes the task easier. So this story will end with me doing a lot of turk hits all night.
Gina walked over to see what the sign on the store said. The sign stated it would be closing for repairs. It would be inconvenient, but Gina hoped it would at least be quick.
Joan thought about taking picture with her. Joan approached the star and asked for a picture. Her wish was granted with a bonus autograph.
I set up the tree in front of my front room windows. I then spent hours putting decorations on the tree. I stood back and was proud of my beautiful Christmas tree.
She saw a plush tiger on her bed and squealed. She called the front desk to thank them. The front desk told her they had called the gift shop, who had brought in the tiger.
Her first day was a mess. All the kids wasted their time. At the end of the day, Cora was called by the school principal.
Jordan's mother saw this and brought everyone cake. She said she hoped everyone liked the cake she baked. Now when Jordan has a friend over, they ask if there is cake.
On the weekends, she threw workout parties. She put her newfound workout knowledge to work for the parties. The workouts were a hit and her parties livened up her schedule.
Lane worked for days and talked to a lot of different band members. Lane had finally met one that seemed like a good fit. Lane was playing with the band and loving it.
At the time of the contest she was more than prepared. Once the contest started she did a good job the whole time. Kim was awarded the blue ribbon for her amazing pie skills.
His dad told Jim that was his from when he was a kid. He explained that he used to play with it as a kid. Jim re-buried the kickball so someone else could find it one day.
He unwrapped the large box. Inside was a Wii U.. Matthew was very happy.
One winter, there was snowfall where she lives. So she decided to try having a snowball fight with some friends. But she got hit in the head and realized she was right about snowball fights being scary.
Joe felt more active. Then, the teacher noticed Joe's changes. Joe became on top of his class.
Her friend Lisa was coming to visit. Gina and her mom went to pick her up. It was the first time Gina had been to that city.
Jan bought a new suit to show her interest. Jan showed up to her first day with confidence. Jan made a great first impression.
When she walked up on stage, she got to her seat. The concert started. As she started to play the recording it sounded great.
Josh invited Phyllis to go apple picking and bake a pie. Josh stuck to that plan and they had an amazing evening. Phyllis went home and told her friends all about the date.
She went to the library and checked out every book on samurai. She took them home and read them all. Now, she knows even more about samurai!
Myron tried spiking up his hair using gel instead. He loved his new hairstyle. Myron was very happy he ignored his barber's recommendation.
Brandon was a bully just like Joel. One day Joel pushed Brandon off his bike and threw one leg over. As Joel tried riding away on both bikes he immediately fell over.
She posted for it hoping to find beautiful ones. : Luckily, it was given as a gift. It was sent the same day and she thanked her sister.
She found the pregnant cat laying in a pile of leaves. She took the cat to her home to take care of it. The cat gave birth to 3 stillborn kittens at her house.
He was at a party again the next weekend, when the cops came and found drugs on him so they arrested him. He had to go to Juvie. He really hated it and was happy when he was able to go.
Her bike flipped as she got there and she fell on the ground. Her friend's mom rushed out to check on her. It turned out that her arm was broken.
Mark became a coach at a charity. Mark gets to teach disabled adults sports and games. Mark loves his job.
They go to the same restaurant. He calls them every week. It turns out Tom was in the wrong restaurant.
As soon as opened the door to the house, she heard a faint barking. The barking got clearer as the dog got closer to her. Sue brought the dog inside so it wouldn't get lost again.
She looked up a tutorial online. She spent the rest of the day studying how to cook. She was very excited to learn how to bake
The next thing I remember was my roommates in a circle looking down at me. I was spreadeagled on the floor, having fainted. When they asked me what happened I told them the truth about studying too long.
The first thing Jan bough herself was a toy Ferrari. After 3 hours Jan had spent all the money that she won. Jan then bought 600 tickets for the next big jackpot but lost.
Finally she got to prove how tough she was, which is what she wanted. She was so eager and oddly happy. Today was her first day as an inmate.
I was watching a movie later and recognized the same star. I looked her up and joined her online fan club. I am a Cara Buono fan.
He asked his co-workers to take care of his work that day. They agreed to help him out. James felt much better the next day.
This past summer we went and saw a rainbow. The colors were beautiful. We always have fun on that holiday.
He investigated and discovered that a light switch was in good condition. He immediately tested it to make sure. Luckily, he was able to operate it without issues.
I left the house early on a Saturday morning. It didn't take long to set up camp. Once there, I got to work on hiking.
One day while he was watching the movie Shane he fell asleep. He suddenly woke up to a terrifying disturbance. He realized that the cause of the trouble was a cowboy gun fight.
Ali was sad about what had happened at the friend's house. Amy tried to find out what happened, but Ali wasn't talking. Amy was dreading going home knowing her mother would blame her.
When a frisbee flew by and hit Nancy's head, her wig fell off her head. It was moving into the air. Eventually, it got stuck on top of a flag.
One day, Nell's dad came home grinning. He said a customer returned a big bag of bridge mix candy. He decided to bring it home for Nell.
Jim suddenly got a new job and his boss told him he couldn't leave. Jim's grandmother called his boss to complain. After careful consideration, his boss decided to allow Jim's time-off.
Steve called and apologized for missing the interview. Steve hung up, sure he had no chance but later, Ted called. Ted offered Steve another interview.
While they were looking they disturbed an owl, who flew off into the night, hooting. The men could not agree whether to call it a draw after they could not find the ball. They parted angrily, and never spoke again.
In 1st grade he gave it up and played ice hockey. In 2nd grade he gave up hockey for basketball camp. By 3rd grade he decided to give up on all sports and just play the trombone.
I went to the restaurant where I bought the hamburger. I made them pay for my medications because it was their fault. Unfortunately, I was the one who was sued for defamation.
She couldn't afford to take a break. So she studied all night. She did not enjoy it
Many of the family want her family fortune. The family is torn apart. The matriarch sold the cottage.
Jared claimed a gust of wind came from the east. The wind cause Jarred to lose his balance! Jared was the self-proclaimed champion of the balance beam!
His mother checked on him when he got quiet. She found him reading 50 Shades of Grey. Zaiden's mother had to get rid of some of her books.
The whole family was having fun playing in the ocean. Suddenly a swarm of jellyfish came and stung Patrick on the leg. I said it was karma for leaving me in the hotel while they had fun.
I got lost in downtown San Diego, but ended up at the beach. I met my husband at that beach. I loved my trip to California and want to live there one day.
She waited patiently as the stylist cut her hair. When the stylist showed her the cut she was horrified. The haircut was nothing like the description, Sally cried.
The ground suddenly shook and shuddered before suddenly stopping. To his amazement, he watched as a deer slowly walked by in the lull. When the barrage restarted, he found that he was no longer in despair.
Suddenly, he was alerted to a cry. He looked on the ground and saw that the baby had fallen. He took the baby to the doctor and luckily he was fine.
When I attempted the first question, I finished very quickly. I developed a headache afterwards. As a result, I went to sleep with the homework finished.
Charles knew he must share the money. He made a phone call and requested an appointment with his friend. He knew he must only get half the bank money.
But, at school, he ate something that made his bowels move. He locked bathroom door and he relieved himself. One student wanted to know who used the bathroom on the floor.
The horse was really happy. She then saw a barrel and put her finger in it. She screamed in pain because it happened to be acid.
Unfortunately, it fell apart. Lily had no time, so she ran to the store to pick up cupcakes. She let her son serve them with candles.
Her retriever walked in front as Lisa followed. Just then her dog ran across the street. Her dog was hit by a car and died.
So his wife recommended he cut back. They put themselves on a budget to get out of debt. It was the best thing they could have done.
Gina was wide awake from the sun. She decided to try and read. The car was too bright, so she gave up and put her book away.
She got some change, and it was enough. She bought a bus ticket, and she had no money left. Luna didn't have to walk to school instead.
We had to stay overnight in downtown San Juan. Before long we decided to go out and get something to eat. The food there was spectacular!
He went to the hardware store and then continued to discover an old medal in the dirt. He wished he couls track down the family that had lived here before him. He was sad he could not give the medal back.
She excitedly boarded and went into the mostly empty lower level. She hadn't anticipated the weather being so warm. She ended up having to open the window inside the bus.
At least that's what he thought, because when he sat down in the chair at home, he heard a crack. Seconds later the chair broke and Dave fell. Dave got out his wood glue and fixed the broken chair.
They decide on Greek food. They both had a gyro and got sick. They won't try Greek again.
She gave her stereo to her sisters. Her sisters were happy, and thanked her. Gina was happy because she had plenty in her room.
One day, Mike had a guest in his house. And she wandered into Mike's room without his permission. Suddenly, the electricity started to spark again causing another hole in the wall.
While he was fishing, he heard some strange sounds. There were lot of dolphins roaming around the ocean. Reggie was amazed by the beauty of nature.
They looked for a fan that could blow cool air into his room. And he settled on a powerful industrial fan. Jerry was happy that it helped his room cool off.
I haven't seen one of those in years. I found a silver dollar on the sand bars. I left it there for someone else to find.
Sometimes we would be competitive but I always won. But one year, my brother had grown taller than me. I was quite surprised when he won the race I started with him.
He was watching them drive off when he realized his glasses were in the car. He begged his mom to stop and give them back. Luckily, she agreed to come back and return the glasses.
She was glad the bank approved her loan. She bought herself the bracelet she wanted. This made her very happy.
They still needed accessories for their home. They drove to IKEA to see what they had. They found everything the needed there
Her class visited a local farm. They saw chickens actually laying eggs. She never thought about eggs the same way again.
She continued to study hard. Liz poured her heart out to studying. Fortunately, she was the top on her class!
One day we got trapped in a room during an earthquake. Sammy tore out the ventilation duct so I could get out and get help. I got help and everything was alright.
An hour later someone else asked where she was. There was no response. Her coworker was annoyed she was gone.
The children laughed at the silly mistake. They requested he never be hired to perform another show. Many parents at the party refused to hire him for future parties.
He told the guard about the vandalism. The guard thanked him. Jim was feeling good about what he did.
Amy waited anxiously every day for a reply. Finally, the mailman brought a letter from Juan. Amy decided to bring the letter to share with her class.
He reached into his pocket looking for a tissue and his hand became covered in ink. His pen had broken. It leaked all over and he had to buy new pants.
The kids were always having fun. One day a girl asked me to the dance. My mother was glad I was in that School.
They waited for hours, but the fish weren't biting. Just as they were preparing to leave, Bo picked up his rod. He ended up catching the biggest patch of grass his father had ever seen.
They had a great time. After that summer Charles always talked to Greg Greg found Charles after college and thanked him for being his friend
Gina saw the Ice Cream parlor by her house she loved. It was almost winter and they were closed for the season. Gina was sad since she was looking forward to going there.
The scenary looked great. The producer said it was amazing. She was so satisfied, she started planning the next video.
She vanished. I had to study on my own. I ended up passing the test.
She had to get out her spare tire and tools. It took a half hour but she fixed her tire. Amy thanked her dad for teaching her to change a tire.
He thought he'd get a little more just to be safe, though, and inserted his debit card. The machine would not dispense his money. Tim called up support and was able to get his money after a few hours.
After graduating she wanted to go to college She went to talk to a counselor about her future She was not so stressed out about graduating now
She accidentally spilled them everywhere. Katie's went and told her parents. Katie was sad but they said they would buy her some more.
He dug a big hole and put the tree in. Next he patted in the dirt around. Last he watered it and waited for it to grow.
That day, his girlfriend secretly drove her parents to their house. Ben introduced himself to them, and they were kind and laid back. He was relieved that they were not like he expected.
I had nowhere to go, so I took the heat. He got very mad. Next time my husband tells me to leave, I might do it.
She was 5 months along, and she also had the doctor write the sex on a piece of paper to give to the baker for a baby reveal party. When we cut the cake later at the party, the inside was pink. It's a girl!
She drove five minutes to get to the beach every weekend. She decided she liked having moved closer to the beach. She liked only having to drive 5 minutes to get to the beach.
Two of his friends helped with his recovery. On the day the barbecue was supposed to happen, it rained. At least Wilfred and his friends were inside the house.
Clouds floated over the volcano. The rivers also were flowing. The volcano stopped was not active so the lava never damaged the city
Joe wasn't good at his job. He squandered Josh's money. Poor Josh had to sell his house.
His team was at the finals in a tournament. It was the end of the game and the scores were tied with Bill at bat! Bill carelessly tripped on stairs and broke his leg mid game.
Fred was at the mall looking for something he wants to buy. He went into the game store and look for a game he wants. Fred went home and asked his parents if they could buy them.
She was startled when Dave walked up behind her. Amy spilled half the lunch down her white shirt and on her pants. Amy had to walk around the rest of the day with a stained shirt on.
He knew what all the answers were. Bob filled in the blanks with the correct letters. He knew that this was good enough.
He expected it to be delicious. The rooster didn't fit his idea. It turns out that its meat was very tough didn't make a good stew.
When he got away from Molly, he noticed it didn't stink. He then realized that Molly was the one who stunk! He was relieved to find out that it was not himself.
Once he got on the plane he was very content. The person sitting next to him was a meditation instructor. This person had alot of interesting knowledge to talk about, and Tom enjoyed the flight having someone to talk to.
Dan heard a creaking sound but wasn't sure what it was. Just then, a power line collapsed under the weight of snow. Dan stared in shock at the narrowly missed scenario.
She had no nightmares about her or her family. She had no nightmares with ghosts or monsters in them. Her mom had given her a dream catcher and she never had nightmares again.
When the family got out, Nell's little brother pointed excitedly. Her mom pulled at her son's arm, embarrassed. Then she saw he was pointing at the family's fancy poodle.
His boss agrees, but says Jason must go get everyone pillows from the store. Jason drives to the store. He picks up the new pillows everyone in his office.
He stopped taking the medication and one night he decided to climb into his parent's bed after a nightmare. He snuggled up next to his mom. He slept soundly the rest of the night.
They got scared by the strange sound. All of them quickly got off their tent and started walking. The troupe didn't get the chance to enjoy their stay at the camp.
My father got frustrated and scolder her. Everyone was shocked with my daughter's attitude. We didn't get the chance to watch the baseball game that day.
I asked him when he would have time off. He said in about four days. He said that he would bring me free items from the office.
One of the other girls complemented the others new dress. That little girl often said kind things and was a good friend. All the girls told her she was so nice and such a good friend.
I asked her if she could buy more while I made eggs. She agreed, but said she'd do so after work. I ate scrambled eggs with no cereal.
The more he drove the worse the pain got. Javier drove himself straight to the hospital. When he arrived they said it was just a cramp.
They waited patiently for the pizza to be delivered. They set out plates for the pizza. When the pizzas arrived, they had a taste and it was delicious.
After the movie Jim didn't go to bed. He didn't want to have a nightmare about the movie. Jim never watched scary movies again.
He then went to a fast food place and ordered one without tomato. Fred paid and went home to enjoy his burger. When he put into the burger, he spat out a piece of tomato.
He feared something was wrong! When he rushed in, his wife was crying. She sadly told him that she had cancer.
I need to decide what to do with my life soon. I want to get a job and start earning money. I'm excited to get out into the real world.
They were making Paul's recipes according to his wishes. He wrote down all of his recipes for them just in case. They continue to make the recipes right.
She thanked her sisters for that. She tried to screw it back in to make sure it was tight. A week later it still held up completely.
She went to the store and picked some. They packaged them up for her. Then, she brought them home.
I had left my cell phone at home. I was grateful that my colleague offered to help. Unfortunately the spare was used on the other side last week.
Still, he did not play much. During the summer he worked on his speed. He tried out again the next season and made the team as a starter.
He didn't know what to do. His doctor gave him medication for his cold and a cast for his arm. After that Tom felt much better.
Her tenders came out tasting as good as ever. Ola decided to give up on ordering takeout and just do her own cooking. She finished eating the chicken tenders - and they were delicious!
I was exhausted but still couldn't sleep. When I got out of bed in the morning after zero sleep, I drank three cups of coffee. I vowed to never go to bed late again.
One day he runs out of honey He uses brown sugar to top his oatmeal instead. He likes the brown sugar, but thinks honey tastes better.
The team was tied and the game was almost over. Suddenly, Sophia had the ball and decided to try for a goal. She made the shot and her team gained enough points to win the game and qualify.
They sat around camp talking until it got dark. He was still scared of the dark and didn't want his dad to know. Michael was okay though because he had the stars to keep him company.
Amy was hurt by the feedback since she looked up to Sue. Amy started crying after Sue got off the bus. She felt like the biggest loser on the bus.
They would sometimes talk. Tom never took it past talking. He loved his girlfriend and didn't want to risk it by flirting back with her sister.
He takes a standardized test and gets a terrific score. Now Brian is ready to apply to school. He applies and is accepted at his first choice graduate school.
He wasn't paying attention and ran over his co-worker. Mike had to go to jail for manslaughter. He was able to adjust to prison life pretty quickly.
The car that was now ahead of Gina turned onto the street. Gina drove past it. The street was closed, and she didn't know why they had turned on it.
His homework ended lasting 2 hours. He was able to finish his homework on time. Erin was happy he just took a short break.
He tried multiple concoctions and experiments. Then, he accidentally stumbled upon a cure. The scientist's hard work was able to help save many lives.
On rare occasions she would have him do tummy time to get strong. She took her baby boy to the doctor a year later. The doctor said the baby was doing very well.
One day he decided to look up posters for it. He  bought a printer and printed out dozens of posters. He ended up selling them for money.
When the day of her trip arrived, the sun is really shining. The beach was filled with many people. Betty's vacation was awesome!
She said I would get a promotion for the overtime. In response, I told her she was the best. She promoted me on the spot.
I bought the turtle in a Chinese shop. I think the Chinese view turtles as symbols of prosperity. Our granddaughter liked to pet the turtle on the day that we had it.
They were never able to score 8 points in 40 seconds. People were on the edge of their seats. The Panthers had to go off the court with one minute left.
Wesley raced towards Ben, meaning to push him in the water. Ben played varsity football, however, and easily avoided Wesley. Wesley splashed into the pool, he would have smashed his smartphone in the process!
One pulled up in front of him and another person. He asked the other guy if he could get on first. The other guy agreed and Tom was thankful.
I think she is getting confused because last night she called Phil when he was at my house. She asked him to pick her up and take her to the doctor's office. I'm not sure why she needed him to drive.
She ate it all and wanted more, but she had eaten the last of it, to her dismay. Jude decided she would have a healthy snack instead. She sliced up and ate an apple.
He thought that there was anything they could do. But Shelly had a good idea of her own. They both just sat and watched the sunset together.
A woman walked up to her. She suggested a wonderful picture book about a girl on an adventure. Tabitha decided to keep looking for one about drawing.
It made my work much easier. Eventually I got promoted. The work environment was excellent.
When she went to the salon it was a pain. The smell was bad from the chemicals. Her eyebrows turned out good though.
She woke up and hid them in her backpack. She then showed all of her friends. Her teacher saw it and took it away forever.
Nathan needed to run to the store but pulled over to the side of the road and assessed the damage after hearing a tire pop. The flat tire would take at least half an hour to fix it himself. Nathan fixed the tire in no time and got back on the road.
I went to a volunteer clinic where they told me I need to start wearing glasses to reduce eye fatigue. I picked out some nice frames. Two weeks later they were ready, and I was now a glasses wearer.
The guy grabbed a plastic mold to put them in. The bacteria were then examined in a microscope. The bacteria was harmful.
It took the tow truck over 90 minutes to get home. I tried calling home to my wife several times over 90 minutes, and nothing. When I got home, I gave my wife trouble.
We didn't need to search through the trees to find the perfect one, it was right in front of our eyes as soon as we got there. Once we found it we each took turns using the saw to cut it down. After we paid, we took our tree home and decorated it for the holiday.
Wyatt's friends started to talk about the girl. Wyatt felt pressured to join them. In the end, he decided not to and stood up for the girl instead.
She followed the light from the window. To her relief, she heard voices outside. She made it out from the basement!
He decided to go to the park with his grandkids. His grandkids agreed. They all had a blast.
Yellow was her favorite color so she asked to keep it. Her mother told her she could have it and use it. She put her favorite keepsakes in it and cherished it always.
The grandfather handed him the lucky charm from his story. The boy looked at it and asked if he could keep it. His grandfather agreed and told him to take care of it.
He took the DVD to a DVD store. The owner said that he could trade his DVD for a new one. So, he got a DVD that he had been wanting tor awhile.
Rather than do laundry she opened her drawer and got some out. She still went out that night. The next day she finally did her laundry.
She could not stop. Her dad said to picture all the germs on the game controllers. Once she did that she never played video games again.
All I could think about was the sweet crust and smooth texture. As soon as I opened the front door I ran to the refrigerator. That's when I heard my husband ask me where did I got the amazing pie.
He sadly told his girlfriend about the milk shortage. Darren's girlfriend assured him it was okay. They agreed to eat fresh fruit instead.
It was a playful kitten. When Sally was at work the kitten scratched up the couch. Sally was mad she had to purchase a new couch.
Usually in the past her blood pressure was too high. Her baby needed to be born early. Though tiny, her baby was born healthy!
Afterwards he went to a diner for a burger. He stayed there for an hour to decompress. By the time he left, there was daylight.
She lets the call go to voicemail and finishes packing up. That night at the camp, Jenny realizes she forgot her toothbrush. She vows to always double check against her list next time.
She couldn't believe Gina would use soap in such a manner. She handed Gina the hose and went into the house. However, Gina stood holding a water hose, with no water coming out of it.
She didn't want to driver her car to work. She called in sick so she could enjoy her breakfast. Ally got in trouble the next day..
We love to pretend to swim and use bath bubbles. We especially love to splash which tends to make a mess. It may be long and sometimes messy but it's so much fun!
He was almost forty years old, and he didn't know how to dive. Everyone in the family harassed him after that too. Everyone always called him the man who couldn't dive.
The two boys decided to help each other out. They got together and traded hobby techniques. Now each boy is twice as talented!
After not getting the interview, he was nervous and unsure. Another two weeks went by and he heard nothing. Finally, they called him and told him he got the interview.
The gift was a small brass dog with a long tail. No one at the birthday party thought much of it at all. Cindy knew it was the most thoughtful gift she got that day.
Then they built a castle in the sandbox. Tammy and her brother had to go home. After ten minutes they walked home hand in hand!
Jean heard her boss got drunk and began hitting on her coworker. Her coworker quickly left the party very embarrassed. Jean returned to work on Monday and avoided her boss at all cost.
He paid the bill for a total of ninety two dollars. He ate nothing but ramen noodles for the next four days. He survived until payday with eight dollars left.
However, I realized it wasn't the color that I wanted to be put. My friend apologized and offered to redo it. I kindly refused and told him he did a great job.
Gerry went to the office. He found out that he had a new coworker. Gerry worked with the person for a few months.
Bob went out to eat and ordered a chicken sandwich. He never had one before but he liked it. Switching off of red meat was going to be easier than he thought.
She doesn't have to worry about poison sumac. Sarah can explore the wood a lot. She made it to the end of the trail in time to eat lunch.
He made enough money to buy a guitar! He bought the guitar that he wanted ans saved the rest of the money. He still mows lawns and can always afford guitar lessons!
She had wanted to try snorkeling. She would have put on a mask and flippers. Then, she would have swam through the bay.
There was never a moment when a team member was late. The coach taught them responsibility. It made the team the best.
One day, he bought an old motorcycle. He intended to just drive it to the local grocery. Instead, Caleb rides it all over the farm on his daily chores.
She went to their yard but there was too much light pollution. Instead, she quickly drove out of town. Outside she was able to see all of the meteors well.
He looked for sponsors to pursue his dream. An old couple adopted Ron and fulfilled his dream. Ron was so thankful for his foster parents.
Jen changed her mind and decided to only drink water. She started to see changes in her skin tone. She was glad she made the switch.
His character struggled with crime and also health problems. Ivan thought the game was depressing and stopped playing. But he learned about problems in other parts of the world.
When the doors opened, I went straight to the movie house. I got the front seat. Once it was done, I am very satisfied.
Now he had to keep her from taking the LL Cool J tape. He walked to his room and put the tape in his pocket. Their mom was sad when she found no  tapes in his room to listen to.
He could easily figure out how to use the latest phones. He never ended up getting his phone frozen. Chris didn't miss the time when smart phones didn't exist.
They arrived at the mountain to see the beginners hill had closed. There was no way they were going to leave without Eric getting to watch Ron ski. Eric watched as Ron then managed to successfully ski down the masters slope.
Their parents convinced them to, so Shane went in and found the bedroom that he wanted, and his brother followed him. His brother also wanted the room, and a fight broke out. Their mom appeared and decided to give the room to their sister.
Her friend entered her into a local pie-eating contest. In front of the whole town, she would embarass herself. Amy decided to not go to the contest.
It cost a lot of money and I was tempted to drink it while working. A friend saw the empty bottle I kept as a warning to myself. She decided to buy me another bottle!
The fight began when Gina paid for her treats and they left the store. When they got a block away Ruth pulled cookies from her shirt. Gina was angry since she had no idea Ruth had been stealing.
Instead he gave me one of his paintings, it was ugly. But, to show my love I hung it up in my living room. My son was happy and our relationship grew stronger.
When he goes to Washington, he plays golf instead of casting votes. All his constituents thinks he's the worst politician ever. Daryl never votes on anything they believe in.
She doesn't want to see them the first day they arrived. She loved them wants it to be free. The pandas made Eva so happy when they are free.
The sun didn't shine where she lived anyway. She had break from work. So she stayed inside and read books.
Evan realized that he could see his classmate's paper. Evan didn't see a reason to copy her answers. Evan got an A on the test and his classmate was accused of not trying hard enough.
All the food turned out spectacular. She quickly ordered pizza for the less sophisticated tastes. Luckily, Pizza is the family's favorite food.
Students in the group dared each other to eat the everything on the plate, for money. One day, a student threw up in class after lunch. The group never held the disgusting contest again.
The vet informed Kay Vina had parasites. Vina tooks some medication and all the parasites were expelled. Kay looked at Vina lovingly as Vina tenderly licked her hand.
His friends met him at his house. When they got there, it began to rain. They were glad they went to Tim's house and played video games instead.
She drove back to the gym. It was closed for the night. Emily would have to wait until morning.
He sat at the kitchen table. He put the game down. Jeb was so happy that he could play Monopoly again.
On her second attempt, she also landed perfectly. The audience started to cheer for the performance. They ended up throwing bouquets on the stage.
He walked into the store and asked if he could buy it. The shop owner said it was not for sale. Ike pulled out the $40 and the store owner changed his mind.
Joan fumbled for the folded map as she drove. She glanced at the map and followed the green-lined route. Finding herself circling back home, Joan saw the map was upside down.
He started to work out all of the time. He learned that working out really helped him cope with his mental issues. He got really strong and enrolled in a wrestling school and became a popular wrestler.
Still, she remained resolute to do better. Finally a book of Mel's poetry was published. Mel was now an accomplished writer!
He wrote her a letter explaining all of his feelings. She did the same after he gave it to her. They still love each other after years.
Her doctor told her to work out when she took his advice under consideration. She joined a gym. The workouts made her feel energized!
Joy picked up the puppy and took her inside. She wrapped the animal in a blanket, and fed her milk. Joy decided to keep the puppy as a family pet.
Ross tried to skip another person in front of him. The other person became mad and punched Ross. His face ended up with a large bruise.
This girl came over and motivated the others. They all got to perform, and it was great. Only problem is, the star broke her foot on a landing.
Later he had more energy, so he put on his shoes and started walking. Jason reached the ice-cream shop and ordered a chocolate cone. Jason enjoyed his ice-cream.
However, Matt had a difficult time finding funding for his next endeavor. He robbed a convenience store to obtain the money he needed. The guards at the prison where he's now housed also enjoy show tunes.
They made jokes about their exes! One day their mothers caught them! They were never mean to others again!
He got his boots and snowsuit on. His mom said there is no school. Billy played in the snow all day.
He finds a show in Vegas and decides not to enter but go and watch. Chad invites his friends to go watch the show with him. Chad regretted his decision, and wished he was flexing his muscles on stage.
I had won the prize. I was elated. I couldn't wait to tell everyone.
The tree began to smoke and crackle. A fire was quickly born that consumed the tree. If it were not checked it would consume the entire castle.
He hated her from the bottom of his heart. She hesitated to send the email but finally relented. They no longer wanted to see each other.
Eventually a girl asked him to go dance instead of him asking her. He went with her. And during the first slow dance he stepped on her toes and fell down.
They could play simultaneously. But Carl was getting impatient. He broke the controller in frustration, and they only had one left.
Getting to field means i get to bat, which is a nice change. In the bottom of the ninth it was all tied up. I was last in the rotation with two on base when i hit the home run and we won!
Jeff quickly got deeper in the lake. Jeff didn't get pneumonia from jumping in the lake. Jeff didn't have to recover and learn his lesson.
No one told him there was broken glass in there. The glass cut his leg. He needed 13 stitches that night.
He figured what to get. He asked someone working to get it for him. They were able to pick out a tapestries he like.
Steve had forgot how fun it was to take pictures with film. He took photos of the milk. He developed the prints and gave them to his friends.
We happened to board her trolley. She was so excited she broke the speed limit and the trolley stopped. An inspector restarted the trolley.
Ants would have been all over the sticky mess. Gina was in the house, unaware. There would have been trouble when her parents got home.
For the next decade and a half, the two were inseparable. Jake stayed very healthy until he died of old age, Jason was down. Just as he had done when saying hellos, Jason cried saying goodbye.
They all ran to the safe room. When it was all clear Amy's dad went out to see the damage. To their surprise the intruder had stolen nothing.
Andrew went to the store and bought a very large herbal tea. He drank the herbal tea in one sitting. Now Andrew is very relaxed.
After his passing, Roger's family tried to figure out what all the keys were for. They found one very strange key that fitted a safe. Inside the safe was thousands of dollars worth of gold.
They enjoyed going head to head and were next up to race. The revved their engines and tore down the raceway. Jed ended up besting Jake by just milliseconds.
Angie thought she was crazy to like Matt. They went on their last date. They learned they had nothing in common.
It was a little envelope with a note attached. The note instructed Julia to move on whenever she felt down. Her response was to fly back home and murder me!
She got the sticks and stones together. When it was done she went inside. It was a cozy fort.
Bob was allergic to some things in the forest. Bob immediately hiked out of the woods. Bob went to the doctor to get checked.
I saw a friendly-looking street cat, and wanted my picture taken with him. I carefully approached the cat as my Aunt snapped pictures. There was only one keeper, but I made it my Facebook photo!
There was a worried bird flying around. Chris put the nest into the tree quickly and walked away. He saw the bird sitting in the nest a few minutes later.
She was disappointed and got out of the store. She tried to look online and saw the hat she wanted! Melody immediately purchased the hat.
However to their dismay, their enemy Tina arrived. They tried to ask Tina to leave. She wouldn't leave so they called the police.
That night she changed her clothes 4 times. She wanted to look as adult as possible. In the end she knew exactly what she wanted to wear.
I had wanted a local IPA. IPA is short for India Pale Ale. I got a beer at a different store after dinner.
I started my flying lessons and loved them. Over the next few Year's, I got very good at flying. On my fortieth birthday, I decided to leave my job and become a pilot.
She sat down on the floor. A girl walked in and wanted to sit on the floor next to Amy and they soon became friends. Amy was happy the moment she walked into the room and sat next to her.
He just rode on the sidewalk. He fell awkwardly on his side. Luckily, Jake was uninjured from this mishap.
Sue's parrot kept her new mate up all night. Eventually it began to calm down. Sue learned to feed her parrot and the mate.
He called his friend to go with him. Chris loved going to the bar with his friend. Chris had a great time at the bar with his friend.
He always went outside to go skating. He loved to skate and most specially the weather. Jack was never bothered by the cold.
He walked over to the water to throw scraps to the geese and I took pictures of him. One goose jumped out of the water to chase him! He dropped the scraps as he ran from the goose.
His team wins first place in the competition. Dan's team starts competing in video game tournaments nationally. They become one of the best teams in the world and earn millions.
Benisha likes the tuba, but hates to practice. Last week her teacher cancelled lessons forever. This week Benisha practiced the tuba every day.
Jane misfired accidentally. She shot her dad in the chest. He was badly bruised but got up within minutes.
One night she got a great idea. She wanted to create the perfect app for new moms who needed services like babysitting. The next day she contacted some people and got the app started.
Just as he bit into it, his coworker grabbed one too. His coworker then proceeded to take three more and walk away. Simon didn't like the other flavors, so he didn't have another donut.
Every day after work she went in and sang. When she finished, she sent the album to companies. She was glad she'd made time to go to the studio to record her album.
It was then that he realized he had dropped his phone in the bowl of soup. Brett ran to the kitchen asking for rice. After find the chef, he placed his phone in a bowl of rice.
The gold fish was freaking out in the tank. It seemed like he was hungry. Samantha wanted to leave because she felt bad for the gold fish.
Tiffany decided to try a healthy diet. She went to a nutritionist and started doing diet. Tiffany was able to diet successfully and lost some of her baby weight.
Finally, his father bought a lock for the now-empty closet. He let Tom make sure it was latched before bed every night. Now Tom can get a good night's sleep.
She tried meeting a man through classified ads and online. After Years of trying to meet another man, she lost hope. Juanita decided she would be single for the rest of her life.
He told him John was wanted dead or alive. Benji leapt at the bounty hunter and pinned him to the ground. John knocked the bounty hunter out and made his escape.
Next door at the cafe he heard a loud commotion. He looked out the window and saw a large crowd. The large crowd was holding Peace posters.
Getting her own room would have been a dream come true. She wouldn't even move her bed. She would have been so happy she wouldn't have cared if she slept on the floor.
His cousin Sam came over to invite him to play but he refused. He said he would rather sleep than play with him. Sam was disappointed by Jacob's response.
Brian tried to give his axe to Sam. Unsuccessful, Brian swung at a small tree and chopped it down. Brian gave himself a high five.
He made himself a cup of coffee and stayed inside. He got out his favorite video game cd and played. When he was done playing, the sun began to shine outside.
As he was about to take a bite a bird swooped down and grabbed it. The bird flew off with his fruit into the sky. Jimmy bought some fast food to satisfy his appetite on his way home.
When Larry arrived he rushed off his bike. The parking lot was icy and Larry slipped and fell. He promised to get up on time for church from then on.
I went to a friend's home and borrowed his spare bike. I rode that bike and crashed it at high speed. I limped home, bleeding, to get comfort from my parents.
He knew they have enough time for the last shot. As the ball flew from his hands, the stadium went really loud. The crowd cheered when the ball landed perfectly inside the net.
He was expecting this one to be the same way, but not his friends. They had secretly booked him a trip out of town. He could not believe it when they all surprised him with the gift.
I panicked and went back inside and called my newspaper. They assured me that the paper was just running late. I went outside and quickly grabbed my newspaper when it arrived.
There were no bus left so I booked UBER. I instantly fell asleep in the car. The driver woke me up when we're already in front of my house.
She knew they had read some books on the subject and would be able to help. They would put the dog in a professional obedience class. The expert help did the trick and the dog was significantly improved.
So she told her all the lies she could come up with. Her mother had made up her mind. She knew there was nothing she could say to convince her mother.
Lita's friend told her to use an online tax service searcher. Lita found one that she felt comfortable using. She was surprised to have completed her tax return in mere minutes.
Abby had to take care of him while her parents were at work. She lay on the couch while he bounced around. Now that she's no longer there they don't play together any more.
Suddenly, Jane's horse spooked at the sound of a tree branch breaking. Jane's horse bucked and she would have been thrown to the ground. But Jane would not have been hurt because she always wore her riding helmet and her chaps.
But his friend convinced him to study instead of pray. Studying made him feel like he made little progress. But he understood more than he did before.
Then he set up food and games. Finally, he put some good music on and one friend agreed to host. His friends showed up and the party went well.
At his victory dinner he put sausage, ham, chicken, bacon, eggs, and waffles on his plate. But he quickly realized he couldn't finish it all. Ryan stayed at the buffet for another hour until he was hungry enough to finish most of it.
It was a hot day. And David stood outside mowing and watering his lawn for half an hour. The next day, it rained.
She wrote a song about her dogs. Now Misty took writing songs seriously. Eventually Misty got a career in songwriting.
Several hours later he fell ill. He went to the doctor to cure his illness. His doctor told him he had indigestion and he was fine.
She scanned her cabinet. She found a lot of unused clothes there! Sally was happy she doesn't have to buy new ones.
Ida surprised herself with her first craving. She didn't want anything weird like peanut butter and pickles. Instead, she wanted a plain, ordinary cheeseburger and fries!
We enjoyed playing together. We stayed in contact throughout the years. We both have children of our own now.
But when they never appeared, he was disappointed. There were no streaks. Tim realized he should've let a professional streak his hair!
Stuart didn't mind it. He loved the mice more than his friends. He find the mice to be cute and cuddly.
He decided to quit playing that day. He threw away the game. Matt was able to quit by keeping himself preoccupied with school.
She went home and made sure she did her worst job on it. When she went to the bathroom, her dog came by and ignored her papers. The teacher did not believe her and Cindy didn't get any candy.
Tom wanted to cleanse his system. Tom ordered two more salads. Soon thereafter Tom had to go to the restroom.
When the big game started Bonnie was very energized. She was so hyped up she did a great job at the game. Bonnie's team ended up winning the game.
After finding something to wear, Dan drove to the bar. Once there, Dan requested his favorite song be played. Dan had a great time dancing to his favorite song at the bar.
The cream said it would reduce Iva's wrinkles in six weeks. She used it religiously for all six weeks. She was glad to see that her wrinkles did indeed get smaller.
They buy materials and start to work. They work very hard together until finally the birdhouse is complete. Aurelia is very proud of the birdhouse she built.
She couldn't afford to buy a new swimsuit. Then she went to the goodwill and found one for $5. Anna was able to look nice while going to the beach.
She thought it somehow had gotten stuck in a door. The sweater would have been ruined anyway. She was disappointed but got a new one.
He told his mom so that she could schedule a doctor's appointment. When they arrived, the doctor explained what narcolepsy is. Now Jacob only wakes up in his bed.
After years of practice, she was already ready to play. The first hand she was dealt contained three kings. Sue remembered all about keeping a poker face.
He knew that something bad had just happened. He took his hand off the ejection seat button. He fixed it and in the end he didn't have to eject.
A road trip was the answer for this. He went from school to school taking in the culture. In the end, he finally settled on a Harvard.
Fortunately she never got any call backs from her auditions. Relieved she called her father. He pulled some strings to allow for Lucy to finally land a role.
The stray dog scared my dog and I. I yelled and my dog barked at the stray. The stray ran away and never looked back.
Howard thought hard about due process and called human resources. While Howard was calling in to appeal, his boss changed his mind. The boss told him nevermind and Howard went back to work.
He was going to his neighbor's house to look for food. Today was the kittens unlucky day he needed to be taken to the vet. After being cared for the kitten was able to return home.
Sandra also helped the girl. Luckily, the girl raised more money than she needed. Sandra and I were more than happy for the girl.
The doctor said Sarah had a cold. He gave her some medication to help. The next day, Sarah felt better.
Mike decided that the car could wait. He went out on the bus and ended up stranded because he missed the last bus. Mike painfully had to admit that he should have bought a car.
They decided to get some beer and not settle it. The friends didn't ask their English professor for his advice. The professor would have told them they were both wrong in the matter.
But she had no choice but to do it. She still did a great job, though. Tara was able to save enough money for her enrollment.
During the exam, Bobby was confident. He aced the English test. His teacher was very proud of him.
She went to a key duplicate shop and duplicated her key. She immediately gave the duplicate to her neighbor. Her neighbor promised to keep it carefully.
He could still body board, however, and one day he was riding a monster wave. He fell off the board and got knocked out. To this day they never have found the body.
She was allergic and couldn't keep it. The next day she saw the cat again and felt bad She called a friend to take the cat in
However, he accidentally threw a white dress shirt in the washer. When the clothes were done, he straightened the clothes. In addition, he noticed that his white dress shirt was now pink.
When Laurel's husband died suddenly of a stroke she didn't marry Phil. No one in town could believe that Phil doesn't know Laurel anymore. The only one that wasn't shocked was Phil's ex wife, Angelique.
He feared he wouldn't make any friends at all. He realized he had no social interactions. Cole begged his mom to go to public school.
Unfortunately their boat was vandalized one winter. The damages were so bad that they could not repair their boat. Now every summer the Joneses go to the lake and don't miss their boat.
She had tried to swerve to avoid the pole but still hit it. She was honked at by two other cars as she crashed. She wondered after that how she survived the terrible wreck.
When the ABA folded, he ended up with the NBA's Philadelphia Sixers. He led The Sixers to the NBA finals several times. The Sixers almost won the championship in 1984 and Dr J was the reason why they were even close.
Billy was worried he'd have to get a shot if he went to the doctor. They called the doctor and the doctor told him he had strep throat, and could take medicine. Billy got some medicine and knew he would feel better.
I wanted more even once I met my wife. She made it worth while to work hard. My career has taken off further thanks to my wife.
So far, his boss hadn't received anything. Alex decided to look for a business that could help. He found out that the post office could do it, and had it done.
Rick and Lucy were devastated by what happened. They worked hard to save up money to build a new house. Soon enough they saved more than what they needed.
He had been sure she would refuse him. He just never built up his courage and proposed. And to his shock and sadness, she dumped him.
They loaded up the boat with everything else. They bought rods from the store at the lake. But it was raining and they had to cancel the trip.
He spent five years in the city and wrote many novels. His novels were published upon his return and he was called a genius. He donated all his money back to charity and everyone was happy.
One night, Bobby saw his friend get robbed and beaten badly. Bobby could not help his friend because they ran away into the night. Bobby is glad he doesn't stay out late anymore.
But the one time he broke them, during a moment of inattentiveness, he knocked a glass over that he was using. Water spilled all over the keyboard. Matthew lost his computer privileges for a month.
They yelled at each other. Cindy stormed out. She decided they were no longer friends.
I clogged it and I didn't know. I flushed and it overflowed. I had to sneak out the window.
She quickly printed the report out and put it in her backpack. Then she rushed to school so she could hand in her report. She ended up passing her history class.
He was out of that too. Just as he was about to give up, he remembered his friend had water. He went and knocked on his friend's door and finally got water.
Chris was arrested for enjoying the attacks. Chris was initially upset about losing his vacation time. Chris was relieved when the police let him go.
While waiting for the results, she had a special feeling in her belly. When the test was ready, the result gave her a big smile. It told her the news that she was indeed pregnant!
My nephew walked away and I heard a loud crash. I walked over and saw that the bottle had shattered on the floor. I grabbed a dustpan and a broom and cleaned up the broken glass.
All of the sudden she saw movement in the clothes piled up on her floor. Jenna screamed in terror. A snake crawled within a few feet of her from under her clothes.
On their next date he insists that she cook for him. Instead of telling him the truth she gets her friend to cook for her. When he tastes the food he wants to see her again.
This caused all of the bikes to go falling over. They looked around and saw that no one had seen. Quickly, they fled from the scene.
I didn't see anyone there. I grabbed a baseball bat for protection. The knocking was probably just the wind so I didn't need the bat.
He told his parents about his dream. They were always supportive of his choices. Tom pursued his dream of being a fireman.
At the pharmacy, I asked the clerk for help. I bought the brand she recommended. The new pain reliever works great.
It was very boring. I gave a brief five minute presentation to the whole class. Overall I feel as though I learned nothing.
When the oven was done he took out the frozen pizza. He forgot to set the timer correctly and the pizza burned! Now the entire family must go out for lunch.
He never told Jenny what he did. Jenny was still wondering what happened to the water. James laughed so hard while watching Jenny wonder.
One day Kay's mother thought of giving her a brand new kid sized table. Kay was happy since this was the toy she missed most. Even though she liked the table she still missed the old one.
Jane thought she would try to catch the squirrel. Jane ran towards the squirrel and it was frightened! Jane learned that squirrels are fast.
He went to the nearby store first to buy the ingredients. Soon enough he logged into the course and joined the live class. Fred ended up completing the online course with a passing grade.
So he called a smart friend over to help him make dinner. His friend made food in no time. Soon the two boys were eating and gaming together happily!
After making this decision, she checked the cost of flights Then, she booked her flight and applied for housing. She was glad when she won the housing application.
She never gossiped about other people or said ugly things. Soon, her behavior made everyone wanted to be friends with her. She had a lot of friends and was always popular.
He played some notes thinking about the people he met. Then he went to a bar to share his playing so far. The people there loved his song so far.
Eventually her old purse developed a large rip that couldn't be fixed Allie sadly admitted she needed a new one and went shopping. She missed her old purse, but began to love her favorite one just as much.
Austin was too tired to be holding anything above his face last night. He fell asleep and the iPad remained on the nightstand. He now has a dead iPad and a restful night of sleep.
It quickly became my absolute favorite. I decided to try to attend one of his concerts. I'm waiting for him to come to town.
She sauteed vegetables and pureed her own curry. They sat down to eat and Sandy tasted the sauce. It was not a good combination but he ate it anyway.
When he looked at her, he noticed she was looking at him. Mike hoped she wouldn't come over and talk to him. Mike put his head down and ignored her.
Tami whispered about the boy quietly wondering why he never moved seats. But Gina whispered loudly, hoping he would hear her. But the boy either didn't hear, or didn't care what was being said.
The first hour was spent walking the neighborhood and knocking on people's doors. The rest of the time he was calling in the orders he received. At the end of the day he made 25 dollars.
The pizza was massive and spilled onto the floor. She couldn't believe how large it was. She had to go back and get a new one.
One morning, his boss was there and wrote him up for tardiness. His boss also berated him for being such a square. Sam no longer enjoys going to work.
He had been dancing like a madman when suddenly the music stopped. Everyone looked at Tom while he kept dancing. He was having such a good time, but decided to leave when the music had stopped.
He knew he trained harder than all of the jocks and he would prove it. Tony took them to his gym and watched them each quit within minutes. Everybody looked up to Tony.
Tom saw his friend struggle with something on his line. It pulled him over the side of the boat and he almost drowned. That friend never went fishing with them again.
I drove over to my local Etrade office. They set me up with a new account. I was surprised how simple it was.
This proved his gifted. Fish speak to him and understand speech. Undeterred, he turned his attention to a passing goose too.
However, the steering wheel ended up locked in the process. As he was trying to unlock the wheel, the car slid back out onto the road. Luckily, Benny came out safe.
Tim rushed to the kitchen to eat breakfast. He wouldn't have made it to work on time. Tim spent the rest of the morning regretful.
He gave up trying to write a book for many years. One day inspiration struck and he finished his first novel and submitted it for publishing. His story was approved and sold many copies.
She scrubbed the dirt off of the tile. She got a towel and dried the floor. She did everything but I did put the cleaning materials away.
But his parents weren't home. Ron decided driving would be easy enough. But he hit a car while trying to drive around his neighborhood.
Darlene needed to warn her boyfriend they'd want to spend all night talking to him, but he did not have a phone. Darlene ran to her boyfriend's house, hoping to catch him. Her boyfriend beat her to her house and her parents were there already talking to him non stop.
Her dad brought the truck early in the morning. To her surprise, everything fit into one load. By the time she got to the place, a lot of her stuff was unpacked.
Little baby fish were dead in the tank. His fish had had babies but none of them survived.! Oliver flushed them down the toilet.
I fell asleep before he got back. The next morning I realized he still back for a few minutes My mom and I never really talked about it after that.
His sister realized the stench was coming from the stove. When they moved the stove they found the dead rat. Once they cleaned it up the smell cleared right up.
Lily was sitting by one that had been cut down, she saw something on the ground. t was a coconut! Her grandpa opened if for her to taste it.
In addition, He never had sent the mail directly to someone. When the neighbors had asked for it, one of the messages had been thrown at him. The man had collapsed on the ground.
Scientists took over his backyard, digging for more bone. They found a complete skeleton of an unknown species of bear. John was thrilled when they named the bear after him.
The event was small, but they hired a videographer. We toasted the daughter as she danced in a fancy white dress. It was our first and only appearance in a quinceanera video.
My mother sprayed down his clothes with some sort of laundry booster. Then put them in the wash. On his next game he had a clean uniform.
I took the computer to my friend to fix. He was able to update the operating system. Now my computer works.
She quickly picked up her phone and answer it before she threw. Her phone flew out the window and hit a cat. Brenda went outside to get her phone and bring her cat in.
But she was afraid her mom might not like it. She she puts a lot of butter on it. But the toast was so buttery that Kim couldn't finish it.
He figured they liked his shoes. Jackson bought another nice new pair of shoes. They continued to compliment Jackson.
Marie got over her fear and spent the next decade studying hard. She accepted a job at NASA. She became an astronaut!
He never dreamed too much. And he could accomplish anything. So he could afford the, car after all
Linda also put on a mask and decided to be a vigilante. Instead, the protesters thought she was one of them. They lifted her above their shoulders and chanted her name.
He failed the audition. The director suggested that he switch to kazoo. Pete went home to practice for the kazoo tryout.
Terry's friend decided to become a vegetarian. At first, he found it hard to imagine wholesome meals without meat. Soon enough, he came to appreciate the  vegetarian diet and even tried it himself!
That was good, because Sarah patted her pocket and realized she forgot her lunch money! John smiled and gave her some food from their basket. Sarah thanked him profusely and they enjoyed their lunch together!
Amanda asked Dana what was in the shoe-box in the closet. Dana said old pictures but she couldn't see them. She looked curiously in her closet and the photos were nude selfies.
One day, Don realized he missed his granddaughter a lot. He was sad, and started to call her. She picked up and promised to be with him soon.
The service came and did her lawn. When Mabel tried to pay the man wouldn't take it. Mable shed a tear from the man's kindness.
The toddler threw the cup not wanting milk Glenda had to pour juice into another cup. The child sauntered away happily, leaving the mess to Glenda
With a Monopoly game in hand, they climbed the stairs. When the door opened, her father turned from his sandwich and stared. The girls pretended they went to get the game, and he believed them.
He took Mary out for a romantic dinner. Tony pulled out a little blue box. He proposed to his love on Valentine's Day.
Lorraine's brother takes the long drive to Idaho where she lives. They have a reasonably pleasant visit. When the visit is over, Lorraine's brother feels happy to be home.
On her first drive a car crashed into her car. It wasn't her fault but it still scared her. As a result she never wanted to drive again.
So he decided to play basketball outside. His basketball broke the window. And Jack was forced to stop.
Amy made it a point to not ask how the customer's day was going. One day a lady told Amy's boss she was a terrible worker. Her boss told her he was disappointed with her progress.
Franklin was caught one day and arrested. He explained why he did it but he still spent over a year in jail for his crime. Franklin still steals and gives,  and hasn't changed his ways.
Janet was suspicious at the huge price and immediately suspected a prank at hand. She guessed that her friend Claire was the culprit but was not sure. To this day, none of her friends have taken credit for this.
He practiced his moves everyday. He demonstrated his training to his instructor. His instructor awarded him to be an instructor for his hard work.
He regularly purchased kits he saw online. The kits he's using was so good every hunter wanted to have it! Bill sold his kits higher than the price he had purchased it.
All he would do was sway. My wife changed to upbeat music. We changed it to a dancing lesson.
Her eat completely ripped off. She clutched her head in pain. Finally, she took a look and saw that the whole thing was gone.
Luckily, the nest stayed secure and the bird was safe. The mother bird came to check on the bird. The bird was okay and things were good.
Stacy met Lucy at the mini golf entrance. Lucy wanted to get something to eat first, but Stacy wanted to play. They decided to golf first, and then they got some pizza.
She threw away a cookbook. She threw away as many recipes as she could find. Gavin shook his head.
They climbed up a mountain instead. They had fun climbing. Anna had a wonderful day on the mountain.
He had started talking to the bartender. They ended up hating each other. He almost fought with her.
Rita found her own place. She moved in the next day. It was time to start life anew.
Both of us had played our best game. I ended up getting a birdie on the last shot. He won even after he ended up with a bogey.
When night fell, they started to hear scary noises. They thought there was a bear nearby. When they checked, it was only a tree branch!
While the steaks were on the grill, he entertained his guests. Jon forgot to turn the steaks. His steaks were cold on both sides.
The boy explained that he just broke up with his girl and was sad. The friend gave him a big hug. He helped the boy by calling the fire department to put out his house that was on fire.
He looked up and saw a bigger, five foot monitor lizard climbing on his house! The old man called a local wildlife reserve institute. They came and safely removed the lizard to its natural habitat.
We never argue over the temperature. We agreed to keep it cool. We argue over other things.
We decided to go again now that she's an adult, and the performance was in a theater in Boston. She enjoyed the performance very much. She now has a daughter and will take her to the ballet someday.
Seeing the one mile marker ahead, I felt tired. Passing the two mile mark, I started to get a leg cramp. By mile five, I had to stop, and couldn't finish the race.
He didn't want to become healthier. Ron walked for a minute every day. And after a month, he noticed himself looking fatter.
She said squid and octopus instead of chicken noodle. Although he refused to eat it, his mom threatened him to eat it. After taking his first bite, Ben threw up.
He park his car and then the court clerk gave him some paperwork to fill out. Bob filled out the paperwork and gave it to the clerk. Now Bob's name is Jack.
The meal turned out really well. Her husban was impressed by her cooking. They had a nice dinner together
I started the oven and began to clean the house. As I was cleaning, the buns sat on the counter. I put them in the oven and vowed to make hot buns correctly the next time.
His parents paid close attention to Marco and the narrative of his day. When the family arrived home they knew all about Marco's day. He was happy he was awake for the car ride.
The kids got out their umbrellas to shade themselves from the bright sun. I put on my galoshes. We all went stomping in the puddles from the rain that had fallen earlier.
On her way home she passed a crying child and asked her what was wrong. The little girl said she was locked out of her house. Sandra sat down and waited with her for her parents to come home.
That morning, she followed a recipe she had found online. Something went wrong and it was more like soup than olives. The stores were closed so she had to take it to their house anyway.
She picked out the perfect top to go with it. She sat down in front of a dresser, ready to accessorize. Suddenly, she realized she did not know how to choose fashion at all.
Since he got his first job he started saving money to modify his car. It took him ten months to finally have enough to make the modifications that he wanted. He still drives it to this day.
After few years, the shoe was still good as new. I was satisfied by its quality. I always loved sketcher shoes.
But their friends set them up for reconciliation. Ari was the first to approach. Ava accepted his apology and said sorry, too.
The family sat down at the table to eat and played card games after. Ben's uncle became very serious about the game. The tension became so great that the whole night was ruined.
At home, he cooked his wife a fancy dinner the next night. She was so surprised when she got home from work! When she saw the dinner, she nearly cried with happiness.
She had been too excited to see there was a prize inside. Until she had seen the prize was a wash off tattoo and threw it away. Amy later felt bad because her mom had brought home the boxes.
Each day the farmer took Whitey's egg from the nestbox. Whitey was sad to always lose her eggs. Whitey learned to hide her eggs so she could keep them and be happy.
I thought I was going to get in trouble for yelling at him. Instead I was offered a promotion and a raise. I'm looking forward to my new work responsibilities.
Yolanda quickly ran away from the dog. The dog chased Yolanda across an open field of grass. Yolanda didn't make it and the dog bit her.
There are a number of sites that sell fake jerseys. They look similar, and people claim they are real. So just because somebody says they are real, that doesn't mean they are real!
Bob had already spent 300 dollars on school merchandise. He could barely walk around wearing all that stuff! Bob felt he had earned a day off for his contributions that week.
After erecting their tent in their back yard, John and Mark bedded down for the night. Mark bolted up, saying he heard a scary animal lurking outside. At that moment, a skunk walked right into their tent.
Emma insisted that he have some. Shane didn't want to fight, so he just conceded. Emma ate the pizza and Shane had one bite.
My son came up to me and confessed that he was addicted to drugs. I decided to take him to a psychologist. The psychologist helped my son overcome his addiction.
They don't have money so this will help them. Ben decided he and his wife will do the sale themselves. The sale turned out better than they ever hoped.
The service was as good as always. The food was delicious as usual. She left a tip and cannot wait to dine there again.
He didn't need to go to the doctor. Greg vowed to drink more glasses of water everyday. He felt much better since then.
Julia decided to meet with her supervisor. She was able to thank her supervisor. She felt accomplished in achieving her goal.
Wayne spent the entire summer working on his grade average And he had some late classes and earned three credits. He didn't even care about the team the following year.
I called in to let them know I'd be running late. My boss asked me why I couldn't come in on time. I told him traffic was bad from all the rain.
Harvey and his family couldn't drive to their hotel vacation. When they stayed home, the family saw constant rain. It rained so hard, the family was kind of glad to be home.
With a wavery voice she pleaded with him. Wouldn't he let her keep the puppy, she begged. Her father finally acquiesced and Eloise hugged the puppy.
He defeathered them and cooked them. He carefully prepared the chickens in the safest way. Kevin was later given a passing health code grade  and kept his shop's license.
They are looking the perfect size. But found nothing. They do not have something to decorate.
I spent the next year working to prove him right for promoting me and trying my best everyday. A year later he pulled me into his office and promoted me again. He said that he didn't do it sooner because he wanted to motivate me.
Tito wagged his tail and brought Alice his leash until she got up and tied her shoes. They walked for about half an hour, enjoying the sights and smells. Afterwards, Alice took a shower and Tito was ready for a nap.
One day a big storm blew over the stables and destroyed the stands. Joe now uses a track much further away. He misses the familiarity and good luck of his old track.
I finally got her a gift later that evening. She said that she had been very worried I wasn't going to do anything. I told her that was the best part of the day.
I decided to go as a chef. I found lots of cartoonish chef hats available everywhere. I can find those along with actual normal chef hats.
When I arrived, I saw the band getting into their tour bus. The lead singer turned to me and said hello. We ended up talking and he invited me onto the bus.
The temperature started to get better. Plants bloomed. Old man was happy his plants didn't die.
He wondered how she could be so nice. He determined he was adopted and wanted to give his mom respect. On, what he thought, was his last visit he saw he looked like his mom.
Jay was no longer interested in Shannon and stopped responding. Shannon was upset but kept trying. After a while she figured it was pointless and had to get over it.
Even in high school, they ignored each other. As they grew into adults, their mom tried to get them to make up. Eventually they started communicating a little bit through text.
When Rick found out that he had cancer he knew that he would die. Rick accepted his fate and started to ask for apologies. He passed away while he was sleeping and had a smile on his face.
She had a dress code that she had to stick to. She didn't have anything to match the mandatory dress code. My sister surprised my daughter when she didn't have the outfit that she needed.
He quickly looked at old videos of them playing on his phone. He realized they sounded just as good now as back then. Francis left the concert pleased.
A volunteer promised to try to get him to see it but said it would be difficult. The next evening the volunteer met her friend for coffee. Standing in front of the coffee shop was the ball player!
He bought a chunk at a store. He kept the brick as a souvenir. He eventually gave it to his grandson.
Instead Bill decided he was going to learn to play the drums. He became very good after much practice. Today, Bill has his own band.
She named the guinea pig mitten. She loved the guinea pig very much. After mitten came into Mary's life she wasn't lonely any more.
I saw a wolf standing by a snow bank. We stared at each other for what felt like a very long time. I slowly backed away and went home.
And sprayed it with an alcohol. All the dust were gone. Jill was feeling better.
Gavin proposed they save the court. The other kids helped to raise money for it. Gavin and his friends raised enough to reopen the court.
He perfectly cooked the fries. He remembered to put some dip with it. Sam did a great job for his homemade fries.
He took the training again and this time he passed, and after graduation he was excited to start working. John had an intense first day on the job. It was different than expected but motivating still.
He worried he'd never meet a girl. One day, he got a message from a woman. She asked if they could watch birds together.
Gina sat outside and talked to him. The cat stared at her face eagerly. Gina was happy she at least got to have a cat.
That morning, Lily got endless thanks from the people in the pantry. It made her overwhelmed. She decided to do it every Christmas day.
He went home and had to cook dinner. He prepared a delicious dinner. Tom ate dinner and satiated his appetite.
It was not her first time drinking coffee so she was less affected. She dragged herself to the bedroom to sleep. She simply hoped taking a nap would make her feel better.
During the graduation ceremony, Kate felt happy. She can finally get rid of her classmates. Kate was so excited to graduate.
That changed when one of them got a great job offer out of state. My 9 year old son was very sad, and cried on moving day. They moved back to New England in 2001, much to our joy.
He texted his wife telling her that he had to work and she was mad at him. Jerry was barely awake by the time he got home. Jerry had to eat microwaved leftovers for his dinner.
But Charles didn't consider that job a professional job. Frank was offended and didn't offer Charles a position. Frank's boss was upset and demanded Frank hire Charles.
George finally forked over the money to replace them later. Upon using the replacement, he realized that the headphones were low quality. George felt ripped off and returned the headphones.
Seth quickly shrugged him off and walked past Then suddenly Seth started to feel like he missed an opportunity. He turned around and got in the limo.
A week later, he goes on facebook and checks her page. She has a new boyfriend. Sam goes back into the dating pool.
The winner of the competition would get a date with Cassie. Cassie was the town's prettiest girl. Jason competed, but he ended up losing.
Then she realized that she needed one. She ran to the nearest Walmart. Then she bought a new tent.
He cleaned the house every single day. When his parents come home early they were happy. They gave Alex a reward in return.
I had gotten her number and was excited to call. I then found out she had a roommate or boyfriend as I call it. I ended things and felt bad for even being involved.
Bob practiced for Years. Bob got to college and played basketball. Bob got scouted and became a professional player!
Tammy loved art and children. She decided to open a face painting business. She made lots of money and ended up moving out.
She knocked out a wall to expand her closet. Everything was hung on the new racks in her closet. When she was done, everything fit and she felt great.
When she saw the teacher at school she would look her in the eyes. But she didn't want to be asked when she was coming to class again. Amy felt bad afterwards for being bad with the instrument.
He wondered if he was also getting fired. But then his manager told him some good news. Brad was being promoted to vice president!
The girl was saddened by this. Her mom told her they would just go to another pet store. The girl's mood instantly brightened.
He ignored the fact that common sense and the law, and still blamed himself. He'd run like this every day, but it didn't help much. Maybe he would stay home with a book or something tomorrow.
I refused since it was a large decrease. WE continued to argue for several more minutes. On the bright side, we made an agreement.
Her dad asked her to sit still and Lily complied. As he trimmed her bangs, Lily waited patiently. When the haircut was done, her bangs made a perfect line.
Fred was devastated by her loss. But he needed to continue life. So he dedicated all his hard work for his little girl Ella.
Andy had showed up at the theater and called Chuck. Chuck had forgotten about the movie and fell asleep. Andy was upset but he told Chuck not to worry about it, he had not purchased the ticket yet.
They built a TV stand. They had her come into the room blindfolded. She saw a new TV on the new TV stand and exclaimed that it was the best gift ever.
It was the same restaurant where Lenny surprised Shiela with a ring. It was exactly like an engagement ring except the diamond was fake They decided they would replace the zirconium on their 50th Anniversary.
The local hurricane sirens began to sound loudly. Keesha and her family all ran to their storm shelter. They stayed in there until the sirens were quiet again.
John's walked past the church every week. John's priest suggested that he have an exorcism. He didn't go to the exorcism to cleanse his soul.
He needed some things and finally knew how to pay for them. His sister told him to try the dollar store. They had everything he needed!
She was watching cable at her Uncle Frank's house. There was a new sci-fi show she had never seen before but her Uncle didn't get that channel. Gina hadn't realized how good it was to get all the channels.
He was hit, and he screamed and he yelled, because the pain was intense. A doctor sawed off his mangled limb and bandaged his stump. He was sent back to the front with a wooden prosthesis.
This guys stayed on the wildest bull for over eight seconds before it happened. Even though this bull had thrown off everyone and eventually gored him, Bill was the best. Hank had a hero, and wanted to grow up and be like Bill, even if he did get gored.
Her friends decided to hire a professional organizer. The organizer came over and spent the day fixing up the mess. Pam was saddened to see her house clean and clutter free.
After leaving, we talked about how we enjoyed that each level of it had unique artifacts and exhibits. We also talked about how we loved watching some of the videos and reliving history. It is something we will absolutely want to go back to!
She was not convinced her eating meat mattered. Lucy also did not want to throw out all the meat in her home. She will never be a practicing vegetarian.
When it came time to check out he asked if they could buy a candy bar. His mom said no because they couldn't afford it. Luckily, someone behind them offered to buy it for him.
A pretty young girl had hopped out of a car that had pulled over. Doug was confidently told her he had already changed his tire. He asked instead if she would like to get a coffee.
She went to a store to find outfits. She found them putting doll clothes on the baby. She was shocked that the baby hadn't cried.
He looked charming in his photos. Hannah asks fro the checks and leaves the date without seeing him. Hannah regrets that the man did not show.
After school everyone gathered around to see them but Tim refused to fight. Tim got beat up pretty badly. The bully knew he was no threat and bullied him even more.
Lindsay soon stopped thinking about her bike. She waited until her child had grown up and moved out of the area. She then rode her bike again as much as she could.
Eventually Tom convinced her to take the rod. His girlfriend catched a fish and was very happy. His girlfriend loved a fish since then.
They decide to keep the baby. She goes into labor. She is feeling happy with her decision.
To the East, they could see the moon rising. They walked back to their boats and sat watching the sun setting on the water. It was a beautiful way to spend the evening.
He was so tired that he kept hitting the snooze button until his mom bursted in. He had missed the bus. His mom had to drive him to school, and Greg was in trouble.
She decided to dig holes in her backyard. Afterwards, she planted the trees in the holes. She watered them and cared for them until they grew big.
But he noticed that there was hair in his spaghetti. So he told the waiter about it. Mike wasn't given a new spaghetti meal and he left.
I told Fred's wife about how Fred said she is spoiled. She jokingly said he is the spoiled one because he was the one out golfing all day. We had some small talk before saying goodbye.
In pouring an earlier cup, she accidentally spilled the remaining juice on Ashley. The attendant had apologized, handing Ashley a paper towel. Ashley seethed after the whole ordeal and would have enjoyed some orange juice.
The crowd grew as the time went on and everyone was chanting elaborate rhymes. A protester hurled a creative insult at the library staff and cursed loudly in Latin. The librarian came out and told them to please be more quiet.
She went to the counter, hoping there was still food. After thinking, she got a tray and walked up. Unfortunately, almost everything was already gone.
One day, she was very mad at her boss and wrote about it. She soon realized that she put it in the trash. Nobody heard of what happened next.
I immediately went to go and buy it, but they were sold out. I was the last one at the store. When I got home, I immediately purchased it online.
Andrew mowed his friend's lawn for the rest. He got the sixty dollars. He loved his new video games.
Ava took it inside and made it a home. Then she fed it by hand every day. Soon the bird strengthened and flew away!
She reached into her pockets. However she couldn't find her wallet anywhere Luckily the woman behind her saw her drop it and returned it to her.
One day, Kim decided to quit her job. She quickly found a new job where she was treated better and had a friendly boss. Kim is much happier now.
But the police were waiting, and since she wasn't speeding, she was confused. The cop arrested her. They thought she was someone else and wouldn't listen to her.
So for recognition, Mike began to speak about himself publicly. After only weeks of his success, tabloids began to lie about him. Mike became paranoid and more reclusive after the bad experience.
A blue jay seemed to take interest in it though. It quickly flew over to the feeder. Then back to it's nest with it's mouth full of food.
It made him so sad because he hates his brother. He finally talked to a professional. Now he is able to work out his problems.
Once they returned home they saw that the door was locked. Nothing was missing. Mary did lock the door when they left.
The bike ride is very tiring. He ends up partying more than bike riding. Sam is sore for months after the bike ride.
However, she slept longer than she thought. Several hours later she removed the warm chicken from the pan. She decided it wasn't safe to cook afterwards, and ordered pizza.
One of her babies spilled spaghetti all over her floor. He felt so badly, but Teresa forgave him immediately. It strengthened their relationship that she was so forgiving.
The old man went on vacation to his destination. The old man was lonely on his vacation. The old man realized that home was the best place.
Tim ate one in the store. The manager was mad. Tim felt bad and bought another one for the manager.
Suddenly, her mom saw her playing. She yelled that the game was adorable. Then, they played the game together.
He argued with his mother for an hour. He then felt really bad. He decided to apologize.
The youngest kid played in the grass. It continued to rain. The mom and two kids went back to the car laughing.
As a surprise, he took her to the humane shelter to find one. She found two dogs she wanted. Her dad felt bad so got them both.
Next week, she put the bleach in and let it sit. When it came out, she was horrified. Her hair was now greenish brown.
One day his dad said they could build one. Bryan and his dad worked very hard on building the tree house. He played in it every day after school with his dad.
When he checked on him he realized the toys were lined up and in patterns. He was really proud of his toddler for being so smart. He found him and praised him for his patterns.
He's proud of himself for his handiness. The next day he buys a new spare tire. He loves his Ford vehicle.
She noticed that every other student was 20 years younger. Everything was much more compicated than she expected. Nancy was surprised by how much things have change in schools.
He posted it in many different sections on the site. The next day he got a call. The caller said he was strong and could help Sam.
Her friend was good with electronics and spent 10 minutes fixing it. Gina tried it out and put a tape in the deck. They listened quietly so that her mother wouldn't hear them.
One day, he thought of  jumping between buildings. He jumped between a dozen until he slipped on one building. He slipped and broke his legs before he jumped and stopped jumping buildings.
She watched her schoolmate very closely to see how the trick is done. Joyce then practiced, and practiced, and practiced. Finally, she was able to masterfully perform the yoyo trick!
She thought schooling would be easy. She instantly made a lot of friends during his first day. Sophie loved going to school more.
I was devastated. I cannot accept the fact that my dog was gone. It caused me to be depressed.
Jim decided to repaint his house. It was a perfect weather to paint. Jim was happy with the result of his newly painted house.
She till refused to clean her room. So her mama offered her a cookie and to let her leave the house. Lorraine cleaned her room for the love of cookies.
He unwrapped his burger and saw the numbers on the wrapper. He won $30,000 in the company's contest! He saved his money towards an apartment.
After a few months, I had some extra money to give him. When I tried to get into contact with Henry, I couldn't find him. His brother told me that he moved out of state.
He would sell his spears in a local town. One day a group of tourists came through the town. They bought every last one of Barry's spears!
She stood up and gripped her stomach. Then she threw up all over. Her friends laughed at her.
All week the restaurant featured many onion specials. By the end of the week there were few onions left. Chef Red thanked all the cooks for helping with the festival.
She borrowed some money so she could go to Wal-Mart, which provides lower prices. Her budget on money is tighter than her budget on time. Emily decides to score some deals at Wal-Mart and do the self-checkout.
He could now decide on where to eat. Ted grew to like vegan food. Ted finally found an all you can eat buffet for both of them.
He immediately poured it with water. The fire was out but his coffee maker was broken. Afterwards, he decided to get a new coffee maker.
I've been on a quest to find the most sweetest candy. It's a tough quest during my lunch hour. I think I am going to take a sick day tomorrow to visit further shops.
I got to pretend to be strong every time this day comes. I have always been afraid of needles. But I never told anyone about it.
Every student in the class failed except her because she was home sick. The next day the teacher wrote the grades on the board. Every student in the class refused to speak to the teacher then on that day.
Soon after she ate some of the nuts she stopped breathing. In a panic, I called 911. She lived but found out the hard way that she has a severe nut allergy
Later, Tina's mom heard a howl from the cat. She found the neighbor holding the cat under the faucet. The neighbor said she was seeing how many lives the cat had.
A friend helped Sam come out of his shell. Sam finally had the guts to ask Sara. Sara and Sam went on their first date!
Just to be safe, Andy scheduled an appointment with a doctor to examine the remains of the lump. The doctor reassured him during his exam and made him feel comfortable. When it turned out to be nothing serious, Andy was glad he had gone.
When he got dropped off after school, his mom was still angry and ran towards him. She aggressively kicked him in his knee. While the kid was crying, he couldn't get up.
Her daughter looked so adorable in that position. Ana decided to stop for a while until her daughter wakes up. They continued shopping when the toddler awoke.
A groomer was a bit expensive but last time he tried to trim his dog nails he yipped like he was being murdered. He hired a groomer and the task was done. Chuck was happy and so was his dog.
In three months, Joseph decided to try again. He started out strong but needed more training. Joseph decided to train hard and was determined to walk across the country.
She found a video on the internet that taught her how to frame the drawing. She watched the video and framed it perfectly. Kelly now has a beautifully framed horse picture to give to her mother.
I worked there one very pleasant summer. I woke up in the morning and went to work. Came home at night and went to sleep.
While up on the ladder the mom slipped and fell. She broke her neck and died. Loyd has never fully recovered from his father's constant blame.
The skee ball games were very fun. I won my first skee ball game. I look forward to playing skee ball again soon.
Her mom walked her to her bedroom when they got to the house. She had bought Wendy new toys and furniture so she'd feel at home. That made Wendy feel more comfortable.
I went to the cafeteria afterward. Surprisingly, I ran into a friend. We hung out for the remainder of the lunch period.
I tell myself it will be okay. I sit and think aloud. I start to feel better instantly.
Then his mom try to send him to rehab. Eugene learned many valuable skills there. Now he is really drug free!
It flew into his neighbor's backyard. Max rang their doorbell and asked for his ball. Max's neighbor returned the ball, and then they continued playing.
Unfortunately she was out of peanut butter. Frita had to make a quick trip to the store for supplies. Thankfully she could afford more peanut butter and make the cookies.
When she got there she realized it was a lot of fun. The weather was warm and comfortable and the lines were short. The most redeeming part was going for a swim at the hotel.
He even brought his dog along. A few minutes after they were done playing, a pretty girl sat down. Bob's dog ran over to see her dog. Bob ended up on a date next weekend with the pretty girl.
He had kept an eye on him most of the time. Ronald had ignored him for one minute and he was gone. Ronald then had to spent the rest of the day looking for his dog.
He borrowed some from his professional friend, and Larry actually wound up beating him easily. The professional had let him win. Larry didn't know and just felt happy.
First he memorized the alphabet. Then he began sounding out simple, easy words. Pretty soon he was reading quickly and fluently!
I am remaining calm, thinking what to do if I am unable to give gifts. I am now realizing it is better not put way too much emphasis on material things. I now think this year will be a more authentic celebration of Jesus birth.
Tom got a part time job as a bartender and saved up a lot of money. Tom went out and bought the engagement ring. He was about to pop the question, not knowing Ann is going to break up with him.
They talk about setting a date so she ordered a drink to calm herself before Joe arrived. Grace got nervous when Joe still hadn't shown after fifteen minutes. Just as she was feeling foolish Joe walked in sweaty but smiling.
Dan decides to visit Starbucks more to write. Although he is writing well, he is losing money. Dan is glad his writing is improved by going to Starbucks.
He would just copy scripts from movies he liked. One day he sneaked in and saw an r rated movie. His parents were worried after they read his new script.
He had no reason to buy anything. He bought a Nintendo DS game though. He played it on the walk back.
A blue book about fishing caught his eye. Bill took it to the front desk. The librarian said he couldn't take it out unless he paid an old fine.
He said there was a big box was on her porch. She looked inside and saw a ton of gently used baby toys. It was really helpful because she was a poor mother.
During their visit, the grandma clutched a threadworn rag doll. Sue kissed her grandma goodbye for the day. When she was leaving, her grandma gave her the rag doll.
When the time came to give the speech, I forgot it. When the time came to give the speech, I forgot it. I made up a speech on the spot that the class enjoyed.
Day after day, she would watch stock prices rise and fall. After a few years, she did not notice anything change. She didn't care because she didn't own stock.
My dad was very angry. Unfortunately, it wouldn't come out. My dad was not angry anymore though.
The teacher persuaded me to take a beginner's class in French. I agreed to take the class. I loved it and spent the next year learning to speak it.
One day, she needed a shower and was very sad about her baby. She brought the baby photos into the bathroom. Now Linda then took her shower and sobbed.
He bought a small waffle cone with one scoops of ice cream. As he was about to eat the  scoop of ice cream fell. Jake was sad about his loss and ate the rest of his cone.
When Lilly's mom asks if she has homework, she lies and says no! While she is outside playing with Becky, her mama checks her backpack. Now Lilly can't play with Becky for a week!
Richie invited all his friends to come over. Richie and his friends hung out all night long. Richie cleaned up the mess that they made the next morning.
He tries to stomp it out but it was too big. He ran out and called the cops. He ended up losing the house.
Chuck realized the restaurant doesn't allow pets inside. He was embarrassed. Chuck decided to go back home instead.
But as she left the cab she realized she had lost her phone! She ran down the street trying to look for her cab. The cab driver had picked it up and handed it back to her!
So he walked to the grocery store. Gene went inside and bought his favorite foods. He bought the food and  to police station to report his stolen car.
I decided to give him a burger I bought instead. He asked if there were pickles and I said no. He thanked me for the burger and I drove off.
Megan pulled out her phone to call her friend. Just then the door swung open. A man with a sinister grin greeted her.
Water leaked down the counter towards her cook books. The books became soaking wet along the bottoms. From then on the paper looked slightly warped.
He didn't have to bring a tent to stay in and wait outside. He eventually ended up getting a ticket. David that that it was worth it.
Deb began sat down to eat her food. She needed to go to the toilet. When she returned her dog had eaten her food.
At first Kevin was reluctant to speak to his parents. ut when they started speaking, he felt better. Slowly Kevin let his parents know how he was feeling lately.
He tried to return it to the antique store but it was closed down. Matt checked his purchase history and it wasn't on there. He kept the lamp.
Billy had gotten upset and decided to call the whole trade off. Things were getting worse when Rob accused Billy of spreading rumors. Not wanting to be known as a cheater, Billy confronted Rob and that's when the stabbings happened.
I remembered I didn't get the mail today. I searched for my keys for the mailbox. I retraced my steps and the keys were in the door.
It landed near me and bit a bee from the air. Being afraid of bees, I immediately jumped out of the swings and ran. My mom assured me that bees only sting when threatened.
Someone next to Ferdy wants to talk to him. Ferdy takes a hot dog and shoves it in the persons mouth. The man is not very happy and hits Ferdy.
The skateboarder was throwing stink bombs. As soon as it surrounded the boys, they covered their faces. In addition, they immediately moved in another direction.
Bob shouted ta the driver. With a mighty voice, he called out the attention of a police. Bob was then thanked for the heads up of a violation.
She was upset there was nothing to blow out. Her brother put a tea light candle on her cake. She was afraid her birthday wish wouldn't come true.
Cindy started to have feelings for him. He was over one day and kissed Cindy. The guy never told his girlfriend he cheated.
She didn't appeal to the Syrian rebels for help. The Syrian rebels would have found her son in a Daesh camp. The rebels would have freed the woman's son from the camp.
Her friend Tami grabbed the pencil off the ground. The two girls had gotten the pencil from him. Gina realized they needed to come up with a better plan if this happened again.
In the championship game Gerald couldn't score enough points The rest of his team worked very hard to help Gerald. They lost the championship game because he couldn't pass.
I thought I was helping by trying to be constructive. Either way, I had to sleep on the couch. But I refuse to apologize for adding more salt.
The professional applied it and said to leave on for 2 minutes. Beth mistakenly thought she said 20 minutes. After 20 minutes of work Beth's hair was blonde.
She estimated that the train was going to add 10 minutes to her trip. Bethany regretted not paying more attention and taking a different route. The train took 5 minutes longer than expected.
He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between photocopying them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.
My wife took my keys off my neck. We left for Boston without them. My daughter mailed them back to us.
After some thought, she made an appointment with the dermatologist. The doctor suggested several products for her to try. Gina was so happy she went, because her complexion greatly improved.
He finally found one and gave it a strong yank to get the cork out. The cork tore in two pieces. Chris had to remove the cork from the corkscrew and start again.
He had been so nervous he forgot his resume in the car. He never settled down to complete the interview. The next week, he received the rejection.
I checked everything and saw it was out of gas. I went to the garage and go the gas can. After I filled the tank up the mower started right up
The sound continued. As she tapped on the pantry, a snake hissed at Tess. Tess ran out of the kitchen, dropping the broom along the way.
The teacher expressed her contentment in Nell. Nell said she always needed to exercise because she used to be fat. The teacher told the class she used to weigh 400 pounds.
Classes were extremely boring for Dan, anyway. He fell back to sleep and started snoring loudly. Dan's roommate slammed the door and Dan jumped up.
He said no but I couldn't hold it any longer and got out of the car early. My dad brought the car to a screeching halt. My dad started to curse and my friend was laughing.
Sentence 3: On her birthday, she received many lovely presents. Sentence 4: Finally, she opened the last one. Sentence 5: She got a barbie doll
This summer Cierra got the kids tickets to a special museum event. The event included an exclusive look at a new dinosaur exhibit. In the end Cierra wished she could have gone with them to create a new memory together.
She decided to go to another aquarium. Then, she found food for her fish. It was a new fish food she tried.
His mom had always said that his friend had a lovely house. Tim decided to clean up his own house. His mother would have been happy that he finally had a lovely house.
It had been a very easy job, even with the old rake. I will have to use the rake again in a day or two I might buy another rake in case this one isn't able to finish the next job.
Here she comes again, muscles tense, shouting encouragement. She hits us perfectly on 7 the next time, absorbing with our legs, we burst up. She rides up, locks out on 8 and we hear and see our coaches go wild.
After several hours, he was released from the hospital. When Henry finally made it to the reunion party, nobody was here. He realized that he entered the wrong address.
Tito was still exhausted from his surfing session. He cannot perform his job well. He decided to take the day off from work.
He didn't throw the ball towards the wide receiver. The opponents caught him. He tried but didn't manage to run towards the opposite side of the field.
Lisa asked her friend to go to a fast food chain. Her friend told her she would go when it's her treat. Lisa gave in and they went straight to the fast food chain right after school.
His brother attempted to copy the same moves in his home. On one attempt, Joe's brother hurt his wrist really badly. Joe had to go to the hospital with his brother to get his wrist checked out after.
She picked all the pony tails. When she finished braiding Wyatt's hair, it looked great. She vowed to braid his hair regularly.
Jake decided to go buy new shoes. The stores were all closed. Jake got married in a suit and flip flops.
Kyle went out to get roofing supplies at the hardware store. When he was done he realized that the supplies cost him $300. Now Kyle was right where he started.
She failed to join her friends. They waited outside for her. It turns out it was a miscommunication.
After finishing the sculpture, Will spilled a drink on it. He decided to coffee stain the piece to hide the stain. When he entered the painting, he did very well and won second place.
On his 7th birthday, his parents moved into a brand new home. He almost immediately began asking forma furry black puppy. Eventually he got to bring one home.
It began flying around his house, scaring everyone. Suddenly it stopped on his sister and pooped. Frank was able to catch it and put it back.
When eating dinner spot chewed on the toy car. The boys were horrified to see the toy car chewed up. They were sad that the toy car was not working anymore.
When Alex spoke to his Grandmother he asked her for another one. When it arrived Alex was thrilled. His dad made the final decision to allow him to keep the Nintendo.
It was twenty degrees and very cloudy with snow. Cal didn't have time to go back inside and grab a jacket. He caught pneumonia.
One day he challenged his dad to a game of chess. He beat his dad three games in a row. Tom was both amazed at himself.
He started running a couple of times a week. He started going regularly. Now Tom is in terrific shape.
On the way out we were given a free bread. I thanked the staff for their hospitality. Now I regularly go to A&P to go shopping.
We decided to have a snow balll fight. The cold scared us. At least it was warm inside.
Jen didn't want to say that she faked her numbers so she went with it. To cover her tracks, she staged a break-in and made it look real. The news report said robbers dropped off $1 million in cash.
They are taught its history, then they go to the library and the librarian reads the kids several books. The kids get a chance to pick out their own book. Stan had so much fun on the field trip.
Dad tells him he needs his rest for the concert but it doesn't help. So Dad gives him a blanket and tells him that it's a magic music talent blanket. Sam believes that he is gaining musical talent from the blanket and he sleeps well.
Finally a friend tells Joseph that his beard looks awful. Joseph decides to shave it. He never grows a beard again.
Dan had the idea that instead of an incandescent bulb he'd buy some LED ones! Dan bought a whole set of LED bulbs for his bathroom. When he flicked the light-switch Dan was basked in their warm light.
She was nervous her friend would be mad. Her friend forgave her. She felt lucky to have a good friend.
The teacher said it was time to find a partner. All of the girls wanted John as a partner. John didn't like being the only boy in his dance class.
Eventually he changed his mind, and he had his large nose shrunk through surgery. But he wasn't happy. Bob ended up getting plastic surgery 20 more times.
I researched the brand and learned it's called Supercool. I ended up trying it in another water bottle. This made for good conversation with my bottle manufacturer dad.
I sat out in front of my house, waiting for them to begin playing. The person noticed, and was afraid they had been bothering me. I reassured them, and they played a private concert just for me!
He became extremely furious when he couldn't find it. The first thing he did was started to shout at his mom. She felt bad although it was her fault for misplacing the wallet .
She bought a used bike, but when she got home with it, she looked and saw that the chains were rusty on it too. She told her dad. He was able to fix them up like new.
Officer Peterson drove up side by side to Dave's door. He cautioned Dave that there was ice up ahead. Dave took his advice and went home where he would be safe.
She pretended to be just sitting on the front porch until her dog went back inside to sleep. She kept an eye on her dog through the window. When her dog wasn't looking she got up, and walked away.
Elena didn't approve of what they did and told the teacher. The teacher told them not to do it again but didn't give them detentions. Elena felt nervous since she was the old who told the teacher.
After warming for a few minutes he took it out and placed it on the table. When Janice looked at the bottom, the fish was cooked perfectly. Everyone else found out that their fish was great, too.
He ignored the call. The phone finally stopped vibrating and then started again. Matt sighed and answered it, knowing he would finally meet his fate.
He had saved up for months for the tires. He went to his mechanic and was able to get them installed. Brad was happy as he felt reassured about driving in the upcoming days
Jared walked into the kitchen and made a sandwich. When Jared finally at the sandwich, it was perfect. Jared was glad he at lunch at home.
Her mom decided to buy her medicines. Mary immediately took medicines and eventually felt better. She thanked her mom for taking care of her.
Many people think the music is not recognizable as music. I like listening to these albums though. I still listen to metal albums during every season.
Each morning she took a water jug to the fountain. She carried it with her everywhere. The jug really helped Sam increase her water intake!
When his parents came home, Stanley shared it with them. His parents asked how he learned to cook for himself. He said that he watched cooking videos.
He never listened to any of the judgement. In fact, he worked hard to be better everyday. Now he's a very popular and highest paid writer in town.
The local fire department worked hard to put on a fireworks show. Fortunately, the entire beach house had a great view. Skip's family was sad the vacation had to end so soon.
Alan was very sad because the team was doing poorly. He chose to withdraw them from the Little League World Series. Alan kept them out of the World Series because they would have lost.
After investigating, Frank realized he ran over a nail. Frank picked up his phone and called for help. After an hour or so, a towing vehicle arrived to help Frank.
She knew he loved golf and wanted a new putter. So she bought a putter. And the two of them went golfing together.
Same as last year. But Nora is allergic to grass. Yes, and I hate her!
He just turned 16, but they celebrated Marks 4th birthday. They thought it was funny Mark was glad he celebrated with his family.
She loved them so much that she did research about why they died online. It was then that she realized that their cage was much too small. Rachel's next guinea pigs will have bigger cages.
He poured it in his bowl. He then realized there was no cereal. This was gonna be a bad day.
We used to get together and eat a large breakfast. We made it an exclusive group. We ended up doing this once a week.
Milly was shocked by how long the needles were. The practitioner asked for a volunteer to have a needle inserted. Milly moved to the front of the line to make sure she would go first.
They had a great time watching the movie They got lost on the way home though, it took 2 hours to arrive at home. They laughed about it and enjoyed seeing their unique city.
She noticed fraudulent charges on it. Jane's bank put the money back in. They replaced her card as well.
I asked the current school staff but they didn't know Horace. I looked online again, and stalked his social media. I finally gave up, and just called him.
I couldn't leave my own comfort zone. My sister convinced me to see a doctor. I feel better now that I am medicated.
When she got home, she checked all the bags but the butter was missing. Although annoyed, she ran back out to the car to get the butter. She made the cornbread and it tasted better than it ever had.
One day, Henry was running and knocked the vase over. Henry's mother was surprised. Henry's mother made him do extra chores for a week.
He tries chicken with it. Alex is amazed by how delicious the spaghetti tastes. He decides that the will try many new foods.
However, they had fallen to the ground. Before I could capture it, it fell into the drain hole. We requested a plumber to remove the drain in order to get it.
A life guard saved him before it was too late. Billy took swimming lessons the next summer and learned to swim. When he was older he became a lifeguard.
I thought she had a great demeanor. We took her home that day. Nine Years later, she's still our best friend!
In addition, he announced that several people are going to be fired. Throughout the day, I tried to remain calm. Later, I saw a notice on my desk that says I'm not fired.
Andrew was saddened by this. He watched every single concert of the band. Now he would never have the chance to watch them again.
He limped through the dark corridors as silently as a shadow. Suddenly he freaked out as his face walked into a spiders web. The guards found him huddled in the corner shaking with fear.
They'd chosen to mark him for the balloon fight. Jim dived under a large green dumpster. The horde of Brothers raced by without finding him.
She spent a full day at multiple stores to find the best cat bed she could. Then, she gave it to her cat to see if he would like it. The cat slept in a box instead, because cats are like that.
After he got home, he decided to clean himself up. The next day, he purposely ran his wheelchair into Henry while he was walking. He also called Henry ugly since his face landed on the ground.
He nervously submitted the request after missing many days of work. He was approved by his manager. He stayed at the company long after.
She saw a puddle and instead of running around it, she jumped almost all the way over it. The puddle gave her a very wet shoe. Carly regretted the wet shoe all day.
The umpire was sure this was acceptable. He didn't need to take out the rulebook and check. He happily allowed it.
It was for TGI Fridays. He planned to reserved at TGI Fridays His money slipped through his pocket hole and he lost it.
It had a note asking her if she would like to go to prom with him. Maybelline replied back maybe. Martin arrived at prom night still unsure if he had a date.
As she buttered the food, she noticed a bug. She was disgusted. She decided to throw the food out.
They had fun trying on shoes but she couldn't decide on one pair. She finally narrowed it down and texted pictures to her mom. Her mom liked the blue ones best so she bought them.
He had no choice but to do it because his mom was strict. Even though how lazy he is, he always force himself to do school works. His mom was very proud of his grades.
While waiting in line, she began feeling light headed. Suddenly, she threw up in the store. They took her to the hospital and luckily she was okay.
In the morning, visitors began pouring in. Molly felt overwhelmed by the amount of people. Then, Chaz asked the guests to leave for a bit.
Then he got a new lure at the bait shop. He tried it out for the first time. He ended up with no fish by the end of the day, so he really gave up fishing.
They hitchhiked and arrived to the venue an hour after. When they got there they got depressed. It was the worst night ever.
Jeff wanted to take the check and put it into his pocket. Later that day Jeff reached into his pocket to get his check. The check was nowhere to be found.
Then, she put the cake in to bake. Unfortunately, she fell asleep after putting the cake in to bake. The cake was burned and ruined with hot sauce dripping in the oven.
When I tested my oven, it won't work! I called my husband and let him fix it. Luckily, he was able to fix it in no time.
They fought again but she hadn't been the one to start it. She hadn't realized all her other friends would take Mary's side. If she apologized, it would only be to regain her other friends.
Carly and her family nearly lost all of their belongings and their home. Carly's family decided to move away. Carly and her family now live in Hawaii and are very happy.
He had to search for the phone. Once he found it, he made the phone call. He talked to his grandma and said thank you for the birthday gift.
That changed as she got older, so she checked out all the books on Russia that the library had. She also signed up for a class to learn Russian. Now she feels much more connected to her homeland.
He trained real hard for six months. He also ate extremely well and got plenty of sleep. He now squats 175 pounds.
They used the tent to make a great fort. They played in it all day. The fort was a great idea for having fun that day.
Jim's wife checked Jim's temperature and his throat. Jim's wife got Jim some medicine and told him to rest. After Jim rested and took his medicine, he felt much better.
I peacefully watched the river water flow by. I also saw couple of fish swimming in the river. I went home feeling relaxed.
The nurse called for her doctor immediately. The doctor came running to her room. The doctor delivered Kate's baby.
The party at her house was tame. At 3 AM, Cindy called it quits on the party. Minutes late the party stopped.
The roller coaster height is about 300ft. Instead, I rode the bumper cars. The bumper cars ended up being disappointing and not scary at all.
She was very excited anyway. After a week she didn't have a job yet. Amy was sad she wasn't able to get the club off the ground.
When the customers show up it was a complete success. Bill's Grand Opening promotion was a complete success. Jack is very happy and hires Bill fulltime.
They were both really disappointed. When they arrived the girls could at least take selfies out front. When they viewed their photo Matt Lauer was in the background.
When he had looked out his mirror he could see rubber flopping around. Bob had to stop and fix a flat tire on his car. In fifteen minutes Bob was back on the freeway.
He found a deadly snake! The dog attacked the snake. The snake bit the dog and he collapsed.
On the day of the party, Hank was disappointed. If he had gotten to the party, he would have been warmly greeted. Hank heard there was a new person, named Jon, at the party.
She wanted a dark color and her husband wanted lighter Finally they played rock, paper, scissors. Elizabeth won and thats how they ended up with black.
I put the bag in my trunk and drove home. After getting home, I began to unload the groceries. While unloading the groceries, I noticed that the bag had leaked.
But she knew she wouldn't make it to the toilet. She pulled her dress down and pooped into her friend's ice chest. The friend captured the scene on video and it went viral.
It went right through their neighbor's gate. Bobby went over to his neighbors to tell them he was sorry. He did their yard work the next month to pay for the damage.
Jimmys father taught him how to recognize storm signs. Jimmy ended up recognizing a tornado. They had a great time.
It didn't take long for them to beat me. I let them buy up all the properties they could and put hotels on them. In the end, they bankrupted me.
When Tammy grew up she regularly visited Rose. Tammy and Rose had an inseparable bond. Tammy became a professional horseback rider.
She tried to comb it but it got frizzy. She decided to rub some coconut oil in it. Then, she was able to smooth the hair down.
I went on walmart's website and found the perfect toy for infants. It teaches colors, shapes, music in three different languages. Knowing this would be a helpful and fun gift, I purchased it.
When they returned to school, they all received a reward. The students were so happy. Their parents were proud.
The girls protested as they watched it go. They argued over the frog for a minute. Finally, one of the girls went after the frog in the bushes.
Then after dinner that night she got a surprise. A homeless woman had made banana splits for the Mar's family. That was the best way ever to eat a banana!
Bill was happy when John broke up with his partner. John asked Bill to go on a date. Bill never expected it, but said yes without a doubt!
None of them had ever done this before, but they were excited. The guide lead them up the river and the water started churning. They had such an amazing time on the river that day.
But Mavis grew tired of kids trespassing in her garden. She built a tall wall around the garden to protect it. Now the neighbors don't love it anymore and Mavis is lonely in her garden.
Then she realized that she can use the prize money for college so she did her best but her score was not the highest. It seemed like another girl was going to win. Luckily, Savannah did really well with her talent and she won.
He had forgotten about the savigns account. He checked his balance, hoping his luck was changing. He had $10,000 in the account!
He won on the first coin toss, then offered to double the bet. When he tossed the coin, it rolled and fell through a grate. The 'mark' reached in his pocket for another coin to toss.
He resolved to find a closer job. Every day he looked for a new one and finally found one. Ed felt so good about his positive eco-impact!
The games were set at 60 minutes each. I managed to beat some good players but lost to others. I enjoyed the tournament but could not attend others due to health.
His mom was proud of him for signing up. A girl asked him to dance at one of the sessions for practice. He was glad he found the courage to go to dance lessons.
This is normal for Dan, as he is in a Groundhog Day loop. He got out of bed, went outside,  and got hit by a Greyhound bus. Dean woke up screaming.
Jack didn't see his dog in the living room. When Jack went to lunch, his dog tore the book apart. Jack wished he had placed his book in a better spot.
His parents said three boys beat up on one guy earlier today. Then the cops said Anthony and his two friends did the beating. It wasn't true, but Anthony still went to jail for an assault charge.
He learned he was correct. A host of ninjas jumped out of the darkness and attacked him. Suddenly, the director yelled at everyone to take five.
She wanted big wedding but was upset at her fiance. Next she dated a new man, but wasn't sure. Finally, she settled on her ex-fiance.
She thanked Gina for bringing the dog into the house. Her mother wanted the dog. Gina and her mom adopted the dog.
Jim dreaded going in every day because he found it boring. Jim realized that accounting was not the field for him. He decided he was going to change his major.
He told us to stop talking over the loud music. When the dismissal bell rung, he held the class. He gave us instructions on being respectful during class.
She dreamt before dying that car was totalled, and the deer was demolished. She had to call her husband to pick her up. She is now awaiting the insurance check so that she can get a new car.
Billy asked him to make him a CD. Jim charged him twenty dollars including shipping. Billy didn't want to pay that much money.
Padraig chose an exhibit on digging in the dirt. After, he dug outside and found a large skull of a reptile. It was a dinosaur fossil, but Padraig was convinced it was a dragon.
He took careful notes. He turned his life around Nate passed his classes
His parents took him school shopping. He felt much more confident with his new clothes and supplies. When the first day of school arrived, Mike looked very cool.
The ball hit the garage and bounced into the alley. Ben's friends told him to go get it. Ben Sherman did not go get it.
However, she remembered that she hadn't seen her best friend in a long time. She called her up but her best friend was out of time. Then Susan remember she had plans for the weekend with her boyfriend.
Jake wouldn't go. When Jake went to the bathroom Dan went to the store. Jake yelled at Dan for going to the store.
He is very anxious about this, but goes to the airport anyway. His scuba diving  instructor is very nice Jason scuba dives from the water and explores.
Bob told a lie to his boss. Bob's boss found out and fired bob. Turns out Bob could tell a lie!
But, I was nervous. Then I remembered I could buy the protector for cheap. I then decided to buy another one.
However, it was a bee and it randomly stung her ear. She went into shock and passed out. She woke up hours later in a hospital without hearing in one ear.
She decided to order herself a sandwich. Sally ate her sandwich. After she finished her sandwich, Sally was full.
He remembered to put it back on and the belt was very tight on Jay. He had a very hard time getting it to stay on. Jay tossed aside the belt and said that he'd buy a new one.
Tom was sitting near her and begged her to trade with him. She accepted not knowing what she was getting. To her surprise it was her second favorite, peanut butter and Jelly!
When the girl wasn't looking, Robin put a gum on her chair. Robin laughed hard when the girl sit on the chair. He got suspended for his rude act.
The dog jerked the leash really hard. Whitney tripped and her phone strap broke, sending the phone flying. The phone's screen was shattered into a million pieces.
Her friend Nate warned him about Saul's incompatible traits. One day Saul made fun of Sarah and hurt her. Now she likes Nate for she is not a child anymore.
When her husband, my grandfather, died, he left me their farm. Her three children were unhappy with the situation. I split the land 4 ways, making everyone happy with the outcome.
She wennt the next day and stopped in the gift shop. Beth wanted a book but was short a dollar. The cashier put the book in a bag and gave Beth a big smile.
But before she got the chance to dance with him, he asked someone else to dance with him. Lucy was disappointed but not heartbroken. She decided to hang out at the Prom with her friends and have fun anyways.
The sled quickly picked up speed as it glided down the hill. Kelly laughed as she watched. It stopped after crashing into a tree.
She lit some candles for ambiance. Joe was just coming in the door when the burning smell filled the room. Kim had lit too many candles.
After a wonderful night they agreed to meet again. The next day her friend excited and wanting to know about her date. Jill told her that he was a wonderful person!
When she was finished with cleaning, she put her clothes on. Cindy grabbed her keys and some toast and she headed out the door. She dialed the manager and let him know that she was sick.
It landed and was wandering around. Jane decided to throw a piece of her sandwich on the ground. The bird ate it.
Jim swung a bat at the safe five times and nothing happened. Then he hit it with a hammer for a long time. Eventually the door popped open.
Steve took that as they don't have an open relationship now. A week later, he sees online that she has a new boyfriend. Steve is shocked and annoyed.
This chair was kind of wobbly but I ignored it. Then, out of nowhere my chair broke and I fell down. Everyone saw this and laughed.
My friends all thought that I was going to lose because I was new. I kept it a secret that I knew about the players and the league in general though. I ended up taking first place and winning over five hundred dollars.
Of course he didn't know this yet, so Shawn went to the top of his barn and took off in the contraption. He flew up into the air like a bird, and then immediately nose dived. Shawn ended up with six broken bones, and not being able to fly.
They always improve productivity among the others. Russ knew he had to promote them soon before they left. Russ rewarded and promoted them for their work and it made everyone else work harder.
It was freshly baked oatmeal raisin cookies. Lily was so disappointed. She went in her room so she didn't have to smell them.
Ben was still mostly quiet but did participate with the group. He then became good friends with Pam. The two were married a few years later.
Finally Horace decides to look for a new place. He finds an apartment in a much less desirable part of town. Horace locks his doors at night.
Her son refused to meet her. He told his mother to leave him alone. Six months later, he met a woman, and they got married.
He was given one by his dad on his 16th birthday. He eventually got a driving license. Stu promised to drive carefully all the time.
Suddenly, she began to feel sick. She didn't know where to throw up. Finally, she decided to do it into her purse.
All of a sudden, the planchette started moving slowly. We were very scared and stopped playing immediately. I put it in the closet the next day.
They ended up with a very complex handshake though. It was hard for the friends to remember. They forgot most of it the next time they tried it.
He'd run out of new games to play. He called his mother and father and asked for money. They said he was grown and not to call them for money.
I caught more fish than Tom. On the way home Tom told me he wanted to stop to buy another net. We stopped and he bought another net for the next trip.
He took his lunch box with him. They went to the pantry to finally eat his lunch. Don's wife prepared his lunch every single day.
After taking care of the emergency, she decided to come back. Afterwards she would get some work done for school. Three hours later, Gina was outside playing with Lucy.
He told me over the phone once I got better that I could play with him. But from the first time I played, I was awful. I have never won a game since and I keep trying hard.
He often fixed things for fun. He applied at an auto shop. His experience landed him the job.
They spent an hour relaxing in the park. They watched the sunset there. They headed back to the resort.
The machine ended up shaking and the cup spilled. My mom's shirt ended up soaked. In addition, her stomach was burning from the hot water.
Listening to her doctor, Norma decides to eat a salad at least twice a week at work. She is surprised with how much better she starts to feel. Norma is glad that she has improved her eating habits.
In the morning, Jim decided to play with his cat. He also gave his cat some catnip. After a few minutes, his cat got tired and fell asleep.
I tried to explain to him once that New York is the state above us. I explained we were in Pennsylvania, but he already knew all this. He was amused at my attempt to teach him something.
Pat's food came out cooked perfectly. The manager asked if there were any problems. Pat said the anniversary meal was well worth the charge.
I have a new girlfriend who loves movies as much as me. I'm pumped because we get to go every Friday and she loves it. Going to the movies has really brought us closer together.
The weather, the location, the people were all messed up. Just before they got to the priest, Tabatha tripped over her heels. Her perfect day turned out to be the worst.
In New York, there was an impending tornado but Ed didn't evacuate thinking the warning was an overreaction, Instead, he hunkered down in his basement. Ed was lucky to live, as the tornado destroyed his entire house.
Then she continued to paddle. Amy managed to paddle several miles. She was very satisfied with her day's journey!
He stopped to talk for a moment. Then, he motioned him over to ask him questions. Alex got to talk about his favorite type of coffee to his friend.
Phil made an effort to buy disposable materials. He increased his resource consumption. Phil effectively increased his environmental impact.
He had a hard time during the survey. As expected, the requester rejected his survey. Jesse didn't get paid.
Her jaw never really hurt much. But it hurt terribly today. She decided she would take ibuprofen and tough out the day at work.
She looked at it then placed both her hands flat on the top of the cake She then brought her dirty hands to her face with a big smile. She decided she loved it after all, and threw her whole face into the cake.
She dreamed about jumping out of an airplane and scurrying away like a spider. The ocean then began swelling and turning red. She decided to jump back onto the airplane, to be safe.
He spent hours looking for new shoes and found the perfect pair. Omar decided to run a mile again. But he was only a few seconds faster.
The swing below the tree house creaked when Laura pushed it, and she was afraid. One day she decided not to be afraid anymore, and rode the swing. The swing was strong, and Laura felt like she could almost fly!
Then she gives herself a bath. Usually she poops on us too. That's when we put her back in her cage and keep her in there a lot.
On the night of the party he waited for his friends to arrive. After an hour of waiting, he was sad because nobody showed. He then realized that he forgot to invite anyone!
Their gorgeous dress inspired Samson to want to look like that too! He met the performer after the show and confessed his admiration. He was overjoyed when his icon gave him the dress to wear himself!
She worked very hard on designing it. When the candle was finished, it was a beautiful work of art. The ballet teacher was happy about it.
I enjoyed the movie event free. I walked out of the cinema and decided to watch another movie. I bought a ticket to another movie.
Smoke poured from his ears. A bolt had struck him. Gary got his hospital bills paid through insurance.
He started to be a little braver each day. He can come out of his cage even when storms pass. My big dog is now a brave dog, too!
I went out back looking for it. My dog Sticky Fingers was digging a hole. To my surprise the ring was in the hole
He got his bike, but discovered he felt too guilty to enjoy it. He moved away when his mom found out. He started saving from his odd jobs, planing to return the money that way.
She put the pot on the table and immediately heard a sizzling sound. She lifted the pot and saw a huge burn spot. Luckily, she was able to clean the burned spot up as well as the rice she spilled.
They played again, and the second game became very one-sided. The losing friend got mad and knocked the board over. The winner let out a victory yell at this sight.
Her craft room was not crowded. She stll have a room to make her project. Amanda still decided to buy fabric one at a time.
The handle slipped and tore a hole in my tent. I tried to repair the tent but it was not fixing the problem. I decided to return the tent and get a new one.
Her friend was surprised and upset by the surprise road trip. They both had a terrible time on the trip. Tara made her friend very angry.
At first I panicked and swerved, barely missing a car in the next lane. I was relieved that it wasn't worse. I was lucky I wasn't in an accident due to that awful insect.
They weren't sure what changed. The chemistry was really on point. They then decided to go on a third date.
In order to pass some time, he is planning on taking a nap. So far, Ted has been having trouble getting comfortable. Instead of forcing himself to sleep, he's decided to read a book.
They went back outside when the rain stopped, and they talked and laughed under the stars. They ate snacks. They picked up the blanket and snacks and went inside.
An elderly man offered John his ticket in exchange for $50 dollars. John accepted the offer and went home. They caught a lot of sleep.
Then gave the two to his brother. His brother was so happy and thanked him sincerely. Their mom was so proud of their bond as siblings.
Although he is not seeing any results with his body. He read online that he needs to eat double the calories then he was. He did that and noticed results within a week.
So she ate smaller portions for every meal. After a month, Sara lost weight and felt more healthy. Sara went back to her normal diet and felt better later.
A giant explosion of confetti happened, covering Donna. Donna's brother laughed hysterically. Donna had to go back home and change her clothes.
Aly felt proud. They all enjoyed their turkey. It would definitely make for a wonderful family story in the future.
She said she had feelings too, so he decided to keep wearing them. But after a week, his feet smelled awful. His mom made him change the socks.
It was easier for him to stay inside and not be in the cold. I hated seeing him stuck so I decided to visit. I had a very nice visit with him.
However, one night, all the dishwashers are at a convention. John decides to help out by cleaning some dishes. Although he is a chef, he doesn't feel too proud to clean dishes.
Her family members came to America. They had a fantastic time visiting her She couldn't wait for them to return and visit again!
He lived there 20 years without crossing the border. Del could not locate his passport. Del's trip to Canada was further postponed.
When he looked back up he saw a baseball sailing towards him. He lifted the glove he'd brought with him. The ball plopped right onto the ground.
Suddenly I bolted awake and realized it was 8:05 AM! I quickly put on my coat and shoes and ran out the door. I got outside and saw the bus had just driven away.
She asked her mom for help, and her mom calmed her. She promised Kelly she'd make a special dinner for her and her date at home. And on dance night, Kelly had the best date at home!
Yesterday, he attempted to make the kite by himself. After 2 hours Tim gave up. He decided he would ask his father to help him.
When I drove home it was dinner time and I had a hard time finding a place to park. When I got to my front door, I heard voices inside my apartment. I opened the front door and everyone laughed with surprise.
Tina said she would only buy a few dresses. So Ray said he would wait for her. Ten minutes passed before Ray decided to leave.
She always wanted to be married. But Shana had no boyfriend since birth. Amy felt sad for Shana.
All his clothes mixed in color. He wore a pair of shorts from his laundry. People laughed at him because they were so pink.
Jill's friend resents that Jill fired her. She doesn't talk to Jill for two months. Eventually her friend apologizes because she realizes she is being childish.
I was happy. I did not want to be late for work. I was the first one there.
His car got stuck. The other cars kept going. Matt was annoyed but decided not to complain.
But the neighbors came blocking the door. They told us that there was a tornado in the sky to the north. We all went outside leaving the skateboards and watched the tornado until it was gone.
A big, yellow puppy bounded out of the trees. The puppy ran right up to Marshall and licked his face. Marshall's parents wouldn't let him keep the puppy.
He had no time to wash anything because he had to go to work. Embarrassed, he sprayed a soiled shirt with deodorant and put it on. He tried to avoid colleagues, knowing he'd never ignore laundry again.
Sometimes he would get into trouble and had to wait for rescue. His wife worried about him when he didn't call during those times. Despite that she still loved him and helped him plan expeditions.
She wanted to go play in it, but her mom told her that she couldn't. She didn't want the dress getting dirty. Instead, Sara came up with a simple cow girl costume.
On night while eating the breading fell off her son's meat, which until then he thought was tofu. He showed his dad, who secretly knew about her initially hiding the tofu, and he looked upset. Jane was forced to tell them they had all been eating meat and not tofu, even though she had been hiding tofu originally.
When she woke up, she saw that she only slept for two hours. She was feeling tired. Julie felt like she doesn't have the energy to go at the office.
He looked up instructions online and wrote them down. Ben spent two weeks putting together the shed. When he was done, he had a beautiful plastic shed.
When hunting season came, the deer weren't there. After hunting season, the deer still weren't there. There aren't as many as there used to be.
They were having a lot of fun, however something happened. Kelly sprained her ankle. Thankfully though, someone came to help.
Mike went golfing alone instead. Mike had only one hole left. But he hit one in the water and was done.
I accidentally glued a piece to my arm. It was hard to get off. I had to use warm water to slowly peel the glue off.
He realized he did not have a plan to not get arrested. His new life mantra became planning his work and working his plan. During the following year he planned how he would rob another bank when he got out of jail.
He use to take his checks to a check cashing service. They would take a ten percent fee. His bank cashes them for free.
I thought there were too many shows on cooking. This got me thinking I was hungry. I made a sandwich to satisfy my craving.
Elizabeth jumped in a hole. The hole was full of bees. Elizabeth was stung hundreds of times.
He put a bucket under the roof leak and called a roofer, and a plumber. When the weather was better, the roofer came to fix the leak. Mike was proud of himself for taking good care of his home.
He discovered being a monk as not a great way to meet women and retired. He met a like minded nice girl and they began dating. They eventually fell in love and got married.
Lisa noticed that Jon was not totally content due to a lack of friendship. Lisa decided to be Jon's friend. Now, Jon had a friend!
She was in her grand parents yard on her own when a car pulled up. Out jumped the neighbors granddaughter. Lucy was happy to have someone to play with again.
She would do everything possible to never see one. She stayed at her friends house and they happened to collect mirrors. She had such a severe anxiety attack her mom forced her into therapy.
But I changed my mind, and I decided to call a few companies. One company suggested bundling my insurance. Now I save a lot of money and am insured!
My gf seemed depressed and upset because of it. I told her it's ok and that everything will be just fine. I hugged her and let her know everything will be ok.
A cop knocked on his door and arrested him for not noticing the cop and pulling over. Ned had to call his family for bail in the morning. He was humiliated and dejected.
She almost turned back. Then she found her seat. She took a deep breath and prepared for take off.
This allowed it to defrost a tiny bit. The turkey was still hard as a rock after the water was poured on it. Jack had to wait another day to cook it.
Each friend opened the pocket on his stuffed animal to find $20. They laughed that their gifts canceled out. They decided that next year they would just not give money.
She didn't have a pair of shorts so her Mom let her borrow one. She has to wear the shorts all the time now to keep cool. The hot summer has made Molly miss California.
She made him a grilled cheese sandwich. It was so yummy that Beckett forgot about his goal. Now Beckett has a full belly.
He was happy to hear they were delivering that evening. He tried hard to decide what he wanted on his pizza. Finally Noah decided on pepperoni and placed his order.
She said the cake was delicious. We tried the cake and found out she was right! Now I regularly buy cakes from Julia's bakery.
He heard a noise in his dream and turned around. He saw what he thought was a fast shadow move across the wall. He still doesn't know it was a dream or if it really happened.
Because suddenly, there was a decent sized crowd. Linda felt nervous that so many people were watching her. But she felt devastated when she realized she had chickend out.
The items didn't get sent to work. Their colleagues were not impressed. I would have been glad to show my love.
At the end of the appointment Rachel drove home exhausted. It wasn't until she got home that she noticed the pen. She had forgotten to give it back.
Finley started ringing his bell so that he could be let outside. His master opened the door. There right in front of Finley was a big yellow cat.
The next morning, David tried to open his car door after washing his car. Instead, the door handle broke right off. David will never again wash his car in the freezing cold of winter.
He decided to get a new car after saving up for it. He had a friend helped him inspect the car he wanted. The car ran great and Ned was happy.
Sweden was so similar. The language, people, even the food - all normal! Neil was so glad he had made the time to see Sweden.
Therefore, the driver landed in the correct lane. The car couldn't move since there was so much traffic. Luckily, the driver got to his destination safely.
Still, she wanted to play on her school's team. Lis was worried they wouldn't accept her. She tried out anyway and became the first girl on the team.
The package delivery service had kept missing her, though. They ended up holding it at their warehouse for her. She never paid for a chair that was actually delivered.
She tried to make friends to get attention. It doesn't hurt and she continue though. It was enough that somebody to care.
Today our dog was curious. She lay beside my wife until she was done with the massages. I call her a one person dog.
He bought most of them during his travels around the world. He told me that he would pass down the collection to me. When he died, it was given to someone else instead.
He decided to work in an animal shelter in Saint Louis. It was hard work for no pay. Eventually, he became the manager of the shelter and made a lot of money.
His adversary followed his movements very carefully and apprehended him. After being apprehended, the spy was questioned intensely. The spy took the information about the mission to his grave.
Her siblings found out she was yelling from the window. They thought the yelling out the window sounded fun. They opened the screen and began throwing things outside.
She read no books for the entire semester. At the end of the semester Erica had read 0 books! Her teacher scolded her for her laziness.
After a month she still was working double shifts. She asked her boss if she could work less double shifts. She was disappointed to hear there were not enough employees to cover all the shifts.
Gina felt this generosity was too much and refused. Her offered an extra $5 to go to the mall if she did. Gina hopped into the inside of the car, and went to the mall.
Next month, Garry accepted Frank's invitation to go hunting. Garry and Frank met up at their usual hunting spot. Frank was glad that he got the opportunity to go hunting with Gary.
Dad did not like pork. I suggested we order food for him. He agreed on pizza.
The teacher saw and grabbed the note. He read it aloud to the entire class. The teacher scolded me to take my own notes.
I had the opportunity to practice my bartending. In addition  all of us cleaned up the mess late at night. Everyone ultimate
Sheila's appointment was growing near at a rapid rate. Sheila went in alone to have her 7-month ultrasound done. The doctor surprisingly told her she was expecting three babies!
She cannot wait to be in her flight. Amy excitedly went on her plane when her flight came. Amy didn't like anything in Los Angeles.
She was happy and went up to her room to get ready. She came downstairs dressed in a clown suit. I laughed at her.
He took his glasses off and accidentally stepped on them. Stan realizes that he can not see anymore. Stan went to buy new glasses.
The puppy also loved to steal Herb's food. But the puppy was so cute. The children loved the puppy but Herb regretted getting it.
Everyone moved passed unimportant landmarks. Once we reached the stadium, we used shovels to dig the ground. We noticed a treasure chest in the ground.
Unfortunately during one game, he was struck very hard and passed out. The doctor told him he had nearly broken his neck and might have died. Edward was glad to have survived, but scared it might happen again.
The second one was good, but the first was much better. Gina was feeling disappointed. These other books were not what she wanted after all.
The main problem was that she seemed scared of me. I then she started giving me a lot of snarls. She ended up hating me too.
He slowly got up the nerve to talk to the librarian, and asked her out The librarian told him no. Jon ran out of the library and never went there again.
He waited for the sun to rise to look for it. The sun came slowly over the hills. When it was high in the sky he found the phone.
While performing on opening night of recital, Clayton forgot his music. A supporting musician had extra for him. Everyone thanked the supporting musician.
Brooke trusts Shelby so she tries to find a new job. The next day Brooke does not get mad at all during work. Shelby notices this, and now they eat lunch during breaks together.
They hung out on the shore for 2 hours. His cat noticed a bite on the line. It was a 5 foot shark.
His ideas were very exciting. Finally, he thought of something perfect. He went skydiving.
But then she dozed off. When she woke, hours had passed. Nina had gotten a tan.
Finally Lenore thought of a great solution. She bought him a robotic puppy to play with. Tim loved his new toy puppy so much, he almost cried!
This was because God was not there to save my dad. I renounced God. I realized I had been naive with my belief in God.
She finally found a pair of red high heels. Paula loved the new shoes. She wore them on a date that night.
And now without coffee before class she was getting sleepy. Her hands were calm, but she was nodding off slightly. Amy did not like how this felt.
She called her husband to help her get the hot baked beans out. Her husband came right away. She thanked him, and fixed her tea.
He had to find a way to fix it. It was really expensive to fix it so he decided to buy a new one. He kept on playing challenging video games after that.
When the arrived home he forgot to play his show. It was late and he yawned as the show goes on. Rob fell asleep and missed the cartoon.
Susan decided to ditch class just once. She thought that she wouldn't get caught. Her teacher found out and gave her detention the next day.
The park was near a lake. They brought sandwiches and pie. After a few hours, the Smiths went home.
In efforts to avoid confusion, I put on my high-beam lights. The cars next to be saw the light and stayed in their lane. I managed to get home safely in the rain.
Until he saw a man lying in the middle of the road. The man was unconscious and his heart wasn't beating When the ambulance came, they found Manny giving CPR to the man.
Shelly, a white woman, told us she would never date a black man. Shelly said it was because of her 80 year old father's wishes. Nobody at the table was satisfied with Shelly's response.
They decided to go to the hospital. The doctor diagnosed Nancy with an ear infection. The doctor prescribed some medication to Nancy.
The teacher was quirky which somehow put her at ease. The teacher made a lot of jokes and the kids all laughed. Amy thought for sure she was going to miss this school.
He often sold government secrets. This last weekend he started his own scheme. It wasn't that big but he was still caught.
Her parents got hot wheels and invited all her friends. At the end of the night Kelsi got a new hot wheels car. Kelsi was thrilled.
Morning passed and I was still asleep. Finally around 2 pm I started to wake. I decided to get up early the next day.
I decided I would lie and say I needed sponsors to finish the project. I put ad in the paper for sponsors. I have not had any luck with the sponsors but I finished my project.
She started writing music as part of a band. Now a club's paying them to play tonight. She is so scared that they might get more opportunities like this!
She had an appointment and was going to miss it. Someone came in and called for her Finally she woke up and made her appointment
Still, he decided to do something about it. Pablo joined the football team and helped win the first game. Pablo's performance made him popular and no one bothered him again.
He paid a guide for a tour of the coral reef. On the way he saw dolphins and sharks. John thought the beach was more fun than the plantations would have been.
The next night, she wanted him to sleep alone, so she went into his room and read to him. She read three chapters, until his eyes closed. Then she crept out of his room quietly.
Once I moved I went to the pet store. I saw a pretty kitten. I decided to buy the kitten!
Before making it inside a customer came up and asked for a glass. Jeff said that it would cost nine dollars. The customer laughed and walked away.
He told Alia he did not have any tea. Marc told her he was going to get another sports drink. Alia gave him some tea to drink instead.
I was very absent minded. The game had ended. Good thing our team won!
She was nervous when testing for the show. When Kelly was being interviewed she couldn't remember anything. She was relieved not to be on the show.
But he saw a lost dog outside of his office. And he decided to take the dog home to take care of him. Bob was happy to make a difference in dog's life.
She visited a horticultural dome themed after the desert. She had lots of cactus memorabilia. She longed for it from her home.
When Ben was still alive, he couldn't even stop when his wife begged him. Then his baby daughter Rita was born. From that day on, Ben started to smoke more often and died.
The phone number on the tag didn't help. He put up posters for the cat but no one responded. Finally he resigned to being a cat owner and he was glad he found the cat.
He decided to order the socks online. He found many luxury brands of socks. He bought one hundred pairs of socks in one day.
Bob was able to back out of the driveway just fine. He drove down the road. He made it to work safely.
Her date went to the hospital with her. Lena was embarrassed but grateful that he came along. She ended up throwing the heels in the trash.
One day my boss came to work early. She saw a cat hiding with a mouse around. She got sick and went home.
Out of anxiety, Jenna accelerated strongly. Both of the cars collided into each other. Although no one got hurt, both cars suffered major damage.
It was her bedroom. She was pleased to find her room window was unlocked. Gina climbed into the house through the window.
Bob enrolled in an electrical course. Bob enjoyed and excelled at his electrical course. Now Bob can do construction and electrical wiring too!
The church person let him play it. They were amazed when the fugitive started playing. It was the best pipe organ performance ever!
Bo and his friend agreed they should to keep the money secret. Bo and his friend divided the money equally. Bo turned around and his friend knocked him out and ran away with all of the money.
He needed to be subdued and brought in. It didn't take long at all for him to be seen and get his shots. These people were awesome and now our dog feels great!
It was Amy's first time trying a hamburger. She was surprised how much it was like chicken nuggets. Amy told all her friends to try it when they were downtown.
He wanted to get better, so George's mother took him to a music teacher. George took many lessons from the music teacher. With years of practice, George became an accomplished trombone player.
He was wearing a hat. The still air didn't blow his hat off. He didn't have to chase after it and catch it.
His brothers decorated their clothes with glitter and yarn. Their mom joined them. Then Pip got to watch the best parade ever!
Sam was very shy to do it. He didn't took off his pants and just let his brother do it. Sam ran away from the beach to embarrassment.
However, when he was ready to checkout, he realizes he forgot his password. He has to go through a security procedure to reset it. Finally he reset his password and was then able to buy the shampoo.
The next morning, He fights the morning traffic to get to the store. At the grocery store he buys fruit, vegetables, and meat. Quentin is happy that he has food at home now.
Things seemed pleasant and quiet. Amanda decided to surprise her friends with popcorn. The girls were happy and thankful.
Then, Katie wanted to play again. She realized that they didn't have time. Instead, they played later.
As we walked up towards North Beach she fondled me. I realized she was just trying to steal my cell phone. I got off of the beach and walked back to the hostel.
Janet  thought she will have a birthday party. Mary called up all of Janet and friends and invited them over. Janet  went into the house full of people and was pleasantly surprised.
Marissa decided to go to a friend's house to watch it. She watched the first episode. She liked it alot.
I couldn't find the spare. Luckily I had my cell phone. I called triple A and they came and helped me back on the road.
I practiced and practiced until I got really good at making jewelry. I ordered supplies to set up an online jewelry shop. It's been two weeks and I haven't sold a piece of jewelry.
He was about to use it to take scenic photos. He would like to take photo close to the airport. But he couldn't do it with a broken camera.
One day, John surprisingly told a funny joke and it made Nick laugh. Unfortunately, Nick began choking on his banana. John did the Heimlich maneuver and saved Nick's life.
He went out to lunch with some friends and ordered a coke for the first time. The waitress said they only had pepsi. His friends were shocked when he got up and left.
Ann accepted the bet. She chugged the whole thing at once. Ann could not do it.
I told my son what it was. He was amazed by the beauty of nature. We promised to do that again.
I wish it had a viewfinder that is similar to that used on twin lens reflexes. I was a big fan of twin lens reflex cameras. I used to Holga to take pictures of my granddaughter.
So Jen puts on some makeup and wears it to school. When her mother finds out she continues to give her her allowance for a month. Jen likes her lesson.
Jon wrote his name on the name-card. He put the name-card on his shirt. Jon sat down with the other kids in class.
She decided she needed to get the phone fixed. She had a bunch of cash, but it was all in quarters. She had a bag full of so many quarters.
When she went to get it the stack of books fell so she bought some bookshelves online. When they arrived she organized the books on the shelves. She was happy to have all her books organized so they wouldn't fall over in a stack.
When she gave her family members a try, they hated it. Becky then decided she didn't want to buy it any week. She didn't have to be careful because it was so unpopular.
On the way there they stopped near the border. A border patrol officer checked their documents. They were able to safely make it to their designation in Toronto.
They went to see a horror movie the next week though. The movie was terrifying! Kai and his mom both had a great time!
It broke down at a lighthouse. He takes many pictures of it. Jason calls AAA to tow his car.
When he got up, he went to brush his teeth. He noticed that he was out of toothpaste. He brushed his teeth with baking soda instead.
A mentor told him to laugh at himself and keep on going. Charles took his advice and laughed at himself. But it was hard to laugh while sending out yet another resume.
But eventually she missed them, so she asked some friends to meet for coffee. Several of them showed up. Jill had a lot of fun.
A bunch of floats were ruined. Then, some band members went to get a drink. The parade was a real bust.
He dreamt that once he got out on stage, he flourished. The crowd loved him. Jerry was happy with his performance and decided to continue comedy.
She also picked through every box of comics she could find. After a long time of searching, she finally found a worthy comic. Now her collection is even better.
The next morning when she woke up she had knots in her stomach. As she got into the classroom, to her surprise the exams had been graded. She left the classroom thinking about her bad grade.
But her mother was out of town, and her father wasn't as generous. Gina knew she could still buy the cookie dough. She would simply have to wait until she got her allowance.
He told him to go do something else. Ben told him he didn't want to. His dad unplugged his TV and told him to listen to him.
A worker was happy to help Martha pick the perfect flavor. Martha ended up picking the pink bubblegum ice cream that was just divine. As Martha drove home, she was bursting with happiness.
His one last night as a free man. Thursday morning Ryan felt a sharp pain in his stomach. His appendix burst, and his bachelor party was spent in a hospital.
My parents wouldn't let me grow my hair out. I finally wore my wig out tonight. I got beat up and reminded of why I shouldn't.
I went on google to search for more learning resources. Several free versions were available. I decided to check some of them out.
He ended up hitting Harry in between his legs when he caught him. Harry stood on one knee slowly breathing. Harry's "baby" cousin is younger but much larger than Harry.
He tought me how to use the tools. We put the tree house up in a big tree in our backyard. I played in my tree house all afternoon.
A month later on a tight turn, the front wheels came loose. Greg flew over the handlebars of his bike. He crashed on the road but he was not hurt bad.
Suddenly a bear came crashing out of the woods! Jim ran into the tent to hide. The sniffed around where Jim had eaten marshmallows.
I looked down and I was going 42 mph. I realized there is a speed camera there for cars going over 25mph. Now I'm nervously waiting to see if I'll get a ticket.
Kevin was very tense while waiting for the game that night. His team lost the game! Kevin burst into angry tears when he found out.
Then they had a friendly scrimmage basketball game. Joey and Jeff battled it out for the fun of competition. Jeff beat Joey and Joey shook Jeff's hand.
We got a flea collar for the cat. After a few days our bites went away. We haven't been bitten since.
Ray applied to medical school. But he was never accepted. Ray could not get started on the way to being a doctor
I had been so afraid I had gotten an F. However, I got the wrong test!. I passed, It was a great day.
She browsed through a jewelry catalog for different options. She found a pair of gold hoop earrings. Edith couldn't place the order for the gold hoop earrings since she didn't have enough money.
One day he volunteered at the soup kitchen. Others saw him doing good deeds. Eventually a few friends joined in as well.
One day, Alexis lost his dinosaur. He was very sad. Desmond decided to share his dinosaur to make Alexis happy.
But the dishes soon piled up again, so she did them and after she washed the dishes, she drained the water. When the sink was empty she realized it was coated in mold. She used bleach to be sure that it was clean and safe.
Zach was okay with that because he hates boats. If he went on the cruise, Zach would get terrible motion sickenss. Then Anna would have to take care of him the entire trip.
He remembered when he first decided to give it a try. He was able to shoot a deer on his first hunting trip. Jonas had decided then never to worry about trying new things again.
Joe also asked Tina to the dance. Tina said she was going to the dance with Nan. Joe went to the dance with Nan and Tina.
In school all the other kids got things last. His mother gave him a hug. She said he would always be first in her heart.
Her cat destroys the couch in a few weeks. She neglects to replace the couch. Her cat rips out another section of the couch while grooming its claws.
Then, she formed a Christmas club with a few of her friends. Together they gave each other support and money-saving tips. But even with their help, Kay saved almost nothing by Christmas!
Her mom worked at a police station and had an idea. She brought Marina in to work at the reception desk for her birthday. Little Marina got to do all sorts of police work for her birthday!
We usually talk for an hour or so and get up to date with events. Its always so nice to see my friend. I can't wait for the next time we have coffee.
Unfortunately, she fell asleep. She awoke to doors slamming as they stopped at a gas station. She was mortified to find she had been asleep for more than an hour.
His friend asked if Cameron would photograph his surf sessions. He agreed, as he still loved being on the beach. Cameron became his friend's regular photographer from then on.
She was worked up and very nervous. When someone answered, it was Ashley's friend. She knew it was Ashley calling and Ashley hung up.
One guys call in often but no one can ever understand him. We got new telephones which display the phone number of callers. Now we know the man's phone number.
Erica had no idea why she was the only one invited. She confronted Tom to find out why. Apparently he thought she was the only one that could dance.
He thought it would be different now. But it turned out to be the same experience he had. Neil had conquered his fear now.
Then, Carol's family needed money to pay her bills. They came up with an idea. They decided to open a business selling cakes in Carol's town.
Lucy knew going to the doctor would reveal her secret. Lucy decided it was better to just tell the truth. Grandma was upset, but she appreciated Lucy's honesty.
Every day he would run inside to tell his mom about what he did. When Billy was playing on the swing today he fell down. Nobody came to check or see, but Billy told them he did great.
Finally, one person got through. They asked for the most popular song. Everyone was happy.
India wished she could remember the time that she spent with her Imaginary Friend. Eventually, India grew out of the Imaginary friend phase. However, India's mother did love the memories she had of her Imaginary friend.
Ira counted the bars as he ate them. The last whole bar in the bag was number 63. Ira ate the small crumbs and counted them as bar number 64.
The chair in his dorm room was old and stiff. Jake missed his really nice leather computer chair at home. Jake would be able to commute to school from his house.
Bill invited his coworker and he brought a game with him. Bill was shocked to find out that they were playing a Horror game. Bill was mortified of horror games, as he always has nightmares.
I called one of my friends up to come over. She drove over to my place to see me. We had food and talked for hours.
He got ready and called the restaurant. He bought many delicious pizzas. Finally Francis got his pizzas.
He went right to his garage and started crafting a terrible dog house. He hammered and sanded and painted all afternoon. When his parents returned home with the dog, the house was finished!
The tires on her car were very bald. The bus had to stop suddenly for a kitten crossing the road. Luckily it stopped in time, but almost hit the kitten.
He quickly found out that being a jail guard isn't what he expected. He just sits in an office and looks for people to give punishments to. Jim quickly became bored and turned in his badge.
Immediately she noticed the icing was ruined on the cake. Janet apologized to her coworker and felt embarrassed. Her coworker told her it was no big deal.
Before he knew what was happening, the fart snuck out. He tried to breathe in the fart before he anyone could smell it. Unfortunately for him, his plan didn't work and others smelled it.
Tim's dad let go and Tim fell over. Tim would not give up and got back on the bike. After some practice Tim was riding his bike all on his own.
She bought herself a standing mixer at the store. She now doesn't have to knead the dough. She is still reluctant to try making her own pizza.
That night, a storm blew through town. Max's bags of leaves were blown down the street. Max spent the next day tracking down his bags of leaves.
I looked in the kitchen and found Scramble hiding being a bag of aluminum cans I was saving for resolving. I ran over to her and she ran away. I founder her hiding under the couch.
Jim drove by her house to stalk her, she wasn't there. Therefore, he called her on the phone. She didn't answer and it made him angry.
She quickly joined a group with similar challenges. She ended up meeting a lot of friends. She also met her boyfriend.
She was worried the joking may have been too familiar. But she decided to remain friendly and hope for the best. He seemed to be receptive to the jokes, but she did not continue and left him in the restaurant.
He wanted to adopt a beautiful lab. The brat would have named her Ella. Now Ella has no home and my son is so sad.
But when she jumped out of bed and looked outside, she saw rain. It was pouring! Cara had to go to her appointment in the pouring rain, and she was very sad.
Jose was shocked. Then he realized he don't have money to buy a new one. He tried to fix his phone and brought it to a repair shop afterwards.
Lee could afford to rent movies like he desired. He found a new movie rental place. Lee got to view new movies on a weekly basis as much as he wanted.
Yet to my surprise the internet went out. I called the internet guy and he fixed it. When he left I was able to watch my show.
He tried to clean my ears for me. The doctor tried to scrub all the wax out of my ear. When he was done, my hearing felt more clear.
Kelly immediately ran around the house spraying. Unfortunately that did not help. Kelly had to just sit outside.
At the end of the show, he saw the lead guitarist. Bob tried to approach him but it was too crowded. Bob really wanted to meet a member of the band but never had another chance.
Katie grabbed her phone and took photos. She found different angles to take pictures. They enjoyed watching the moon.
She had to swim 8 lengths of the pool without stopping. She had to dive 10 feet to get a brick underwater. And she had to tread water for 3 minutes in the deep end, but she failed.
She went to the mall to buy a new one. There, she found a better radio than her old one. She bought it for a great price and took it home happily!
He bought the tablet and spent all of his money. He was very excited and brought the tablet home. But when he opened the box, he saw the tablet was broken!
All the whites turned pink and her husband told Marsha not to worry about the pink underwear. He said he was man enough to wear it indoors. Marsha cooked her husband an extra special meal that evening.
The cold weather cracked the skin on my hands and I was in pain. My doctor told me to start applying lotion every morning. I followed his advice and my hands healed.
Chad did this because he had lost a coat before. As he was leaving, it was much colder out than he imagined. Chad was very upset he didn't have his coat.
The purse was ugly. Kelly didn't want to use it. But to be nice, she told her grandmother she liked it.
Pat tried to signal to Tim that he had fudge on his pants. Tim was not picking up on Pat's signal. Pat had to verbally tell Tim of his fudge pants.
Nell's mom saw her daughter pulling something from under the water. Then she ran and got Nell, holding the stone, back from the water. Nell didn't want to let go of the stone, which she was proudly admiring.
When she went to school, she was very scared. Karen's teacher turned out to be very nice. Karen was excited about this year of school.
Chris wandered around looking around the woods. He had a great time and decided to camp. Chris decided to sleep on the forest floor until morning came.
He would bring food to them and everyone was jealous of how good Sam's food tasted. One night, people stole Sam's favorite smoker to use for themselves! Sam was so sad he stopped inviting people over to eat.
I ordered a meat lovers pizza. It gave me very bad gas. I realized I should not eat so much grease.
At a local music shop a long bearded man was his latest challenger. His appearance deceiving to Mark as he was sure he would lose. To no surprise the man outplays him in every way.
On the day I got it my girlfriend gave me a gift. It was the new laptop she knew I wanted. I happily returned the one I bought to the store and thanked her.
They fought over the last hamburger. We all decided to give them ours. It was weird but interesting.
He did not want to be made fun of by his friends. He finally brought some boots. He now loves sharing cowboy boots.
She had already pre ordered the phone when it was announced. The next month her new phone arrived in the mail. Carrie now had two phones.
Before leaving he drank and ate a lot of food. They even gave him gifts He had a good time, considering.
He turned the oven on and waited. He put the cookies in when it was hot enough. When the first timer went off, he took out his cookies.
An hour earlier, he tried to hide in an abandoned neighbor until an hour later. When he got out, a huge light was aimed towards him. A helicopter stopped in the air and warned him to not run.
The owner came over and talked to the man. The man began to offer $20 for the object and didn't want the rest. The owner accepted the offer and took his payment.
When his friends found out, they were all very kind. They even volunteered to teach him his letters. After months of studying, Sam became a great reader!
He ran through his house, waking everyone and getting them to safety The fire department was called, and they arrived promptly. The firemen put out the fire, and no one was harmed.
She noticed a new tenant had put out a doormat. Not sure if she should clean it or they should, she left it alone. She got an angry call later wondering why her staff was neglecting it.
Ken had broken his friend's sofa. Right after the snap Ken fell to the floor. Everyone laughed at Ken and his misery.
He got a new kite express shipped for free quickly as an apology. The new kite worked really well and was perfect. Even when he flew the kite into a tree one day, he was able to get it out without any tears or holes.
His computer broke suddenly. Unfortunately, he had saved up not enough money for a new one. Jesse didn't buy a new computer.
While there, they put tanning oil on each other. Each girl chose their tanning bed. Their tanning experience was very relaxing.
We feel in love and drove home excited. When we got home, we found a sweet little stray living in our garage. Now we had two cats, which made us very happy.
It always served its purpose from then til now. We took good care of the vcr. The vcr is much better than anything in the world.
He decided to make an appointment with the dentist. He went in for his check up. He had a couple of cavities.
Afterwards, Jamie wanted to go for a burger. Candice wanted to go for coffee. Finally, they settled on ice cream!
After moving in, the plumbing backed up. And, the electrical wires began shorting out. Marcus was upset that he bought this home.
They decided to foster a girl. When they brought her home the house was electric. Walt and Kathy were truly happy now.
But they gave him another chance, and he did so well that in six months they made him a team leader. Then they made him a manager. Tim's salary was getting very respectable indeed!
Through the long periods, Jake grew close to them. Her mother ended up going into remission after several months. Jake and his girlfriend's relationship grew much stronger as a result.
But as she made her way to her locker, her eyes widened. She could hardly believe what she saw. There were no valentines stuffed into her locker!
He became obsessed with eating and drinking healthy foods. Fiona decided there was only one thing she could do. She threw all of the health foods out.
Sam tried hard to playt them all but could not. He was upset and bored until he went outside. Sam found many exciting things outside and had a great time.
He was the first one at the funeral and did some organizing. Brad's friend noticed how hard he has taken the passing of their loved one. At the end of the day Brad's friend gave him a drink.
She rescheduled it and at the end of that day, everyone was very tired. They went to bed early, but forgot about the ice cream on the counter! When they woke up the next day, Jane had to clean up a huge mess.
He waited for three hours and his friend never showed up. Mitch decided to call his friend and find out what happened. Mitch's friend was at another art gallery and they both laughed.
Emil was not scared that he would have to go thirsty. Then, Emil remembered that he carried purification tablets in his bag. Emil used the tablets to make sure the water is clean.
I wasn't very quickly. A neighbor came over and I helped him. We finished much quicker as a team than if I did it myself.
It requires just the type of workout than Chuck's used to. He found a program that can help him make the change he wants. He signed up, made his goals, and got to work.
I was happy at her. I told her it was going to be good. She thanked me and we had a great pizza.
After getting to her friend she was glad. Her friend was expecting her and left the keys on the porch. She was glad she could fix her problem quickly.
She had studied very hard for it. She passed the test without making any mistakes. Jenny was relieved and excited at the same time.
One Christmas, their cousin arrived unexpectedly. Many of the family were surprised to see him as he had been missing. The family was happy and it was the best party ever.
The Trump family were adamant the girl have a special blanket on her way out. It had been passed down generation after generation. The girl contracted smallpox from the blanket and died.
It had twelve photos, three for each season of the last year. We took down the old poster and put up a new one. We put the old poster up in our bedroom.
She asked him. He wanted a vanilla cake with chocolate icing. Jacks mom went to the store to buy the mix
He got ships from the Spanish rulers. Then he sailed west to discover India. But instead, he discovered Antarctica!
Tim also wanted to be serious. They were sure they wanted that. They ended up getting married.
Then he spotted a lake he read about a decade ago. He dove into the lake and swam 300 yards during the day. By the time night came, he was glad that it rained.
He loved the chocolate taste, and it's hard crunch. John thanked his parents. And they said your welcome.
Sometimes, it was so exhausting, she thought of giving up. Jes persevered, and after two years, earned her teaching degree. Now a college teacher, Jes encourages other older, returning students.
Kids in school always made fun of his fake name because it was boring. When Aiden was an adult he went to court petitioned for a new name. The judge granted his request and Aiden was now Jake.
The salt failed and she tried to slide her finger in between the door and the frame. When she had a grip, she pulled hard. She lost her grip and stumbled backwards into the snow.
As soon as they entered the park the youngest girl stayed at the ticket booth. Tegan said goodbye to her. Then, a staff member found Tegan's other daughter and took her to her job.
He asked Suzie what her most favorite color was. Suzie thought for a moment, and said she loved them all. It was only later an optometrist discovered Suzie was colorblind.
He was not sure if it would rain later. Jay went to the computer to investigate. Since the website said no rain, he thought it would not rain.
The water so so strong it tore through the paper targets. The man laughed as he destroyed the targets. When he was out of targets he disconnected from the hydrant.
He still decided to surprise her with a vacation. While on vacation he was going to propose. At dinner, he popped the question and Liz said no.
He missed and as Lucas went to go get the ball it rolled into a swamp. Lucas started to go into the water to get the ball. Suddenly, a crocodile surfaced and scared Lucas away.
A tornado arrived in the camping area and picked up the tents that they didn't pack up. Everyone is now fleeing the tornado. The sun comes up to the family staying in a grungy hotel.
She was horrified when he showed her the portrait of her he had nearly finished. Miss Haring cried at the accuracy of the features. Years later, she cried when she thought of the drawing at his graduation.
He had grown over two centimeters! He was sad he wouldn't be able to ride the coaster. He watched as his friends rode it three times that day.
So he began selling newspapers to earn money. Each morning he got up two hours early to peddle his papers. And within a month he'd earned enough for a big new video game console!
Yan was not a professional chimney sweep and was not thinking clearly. He fell and got stuck in the chimney. Yan's family had to call for an ambulance and for another chimney sweep.
She loved the headphones her brother gave her. She used them all the time. The headphones were amazing in quality.
He challenged his friend Randy to a rap battle. They made it an event. Charlie ended up winning.
He did not watch any TV or play games, and spent his time studying instead. The morning of the quiz, he felt ready. And he did great on the quiz!
He raised his hand and told the monitor that his pencil broke. He was allowed to get out of his seat and sharpened his pencil. Rod finished his exam with no further mishaps.
His friends convinced him to buy a new pair. Dan bought a new pair of boots that looked the same as his old ones. He hoped that his new boots also last 20 Years.
The server was nice. We left a good tip. We also told the manager how great the service was.
Then, she added eyes. Next she did a nose. Finally, she drew a mouth.
Janie was glad to be alive. The repairman told her there was no way of fixing her car. Amy thanked him and knew insurance would replace her car.
They purchased their lift tickets. They drove to the mountains. When they arrived, they had the pass all to themselves.
She forgot her pelts and had to go back and get them. Cal got salt and turquoise for her pelts. She was very happy with her trade!
Suddenly a black stream spewed up into the air! Dan thought the world was ending! When he sniffed the air he realized he was dreaming.
She remained calm and she remembered her way back. She walked back quickly and calmly. After few minutes, she was back at her grandparents'.
Then Jenna hid it under her bed thinking no one would find it. The next day her sister was in her room and noticed it peeking out. Her sister opened it and didn't read anything interesting.
Then she changed her mind and and she apologized to her friend profusely. Then, she wished her a happy birthday. Her friend forgave her and thanked her.
Tim was going to his friend Josh's birthday party soon. It was time for Tim to try cake, he got a piece on his plate. Tim doesn't even took a bite because he absolutely hated it!
He could have made hundreds of dollars selling his demo around town. By the time he was 41, Charles was homeless in a shelter. A stranger asked him how he felt being homeless?
I also selected the local culinary school's weekend program. The first class, all we did was learn cooking terms. When we began cooking the second class, I burned down the classroom!
His wife suggested he consult a psychiatrist. The doctor gave him prescription medicines to sharpen his memory. He can now remember all of the important dates.
Emma gave herself a bangs. Emma thought it looked terrible. She had to wear a hat for a month while her hair grew out.
He got in his car and drove to where his mom was. He walked in and was greeted by family and friends. They all got in their vehicles and went to the beach with Tom.
After a few minutes, he decided instead to order pizza. But he didn't know what toppings he wanted. Once he ate, George didn't feel hungry anymore.
He still calls on occasion to update me about work. Today he called to say his daughter was sick with the flu. I told him to go home and take care of his daughter.
Jen knew there was nothing she could do and decided to get a pro. She called a plumber and a guy came out and fixed it in an hour. 5: Jen was happy it was fixed but mad because it cost two hundred bucks!
However when I looked for the buns I found something. The buns were moldy and green. I immediately had to throw them out.
When getting out of the cab she bumped into someone. That person was a famous actor, and they both apologized. Anna was late to work but at least she got his autograph.
While drinking, Sarah suggested they road trip across the United States. Her friends agreed and they left a week later. On the trip, they had a great time and created amazing memories.
Sasha was very hurt. Sasha talked to her friend, and they discussed how Sasha was feeling. Sasha's friend made more of an effort to hang out with her.
But then she met a new man and began to enjoy life again. After a few years together they decided to have a baby. When her son was born, Kelly became truly happy once again.
Unfortunately it broke down soon after departing. Ashley was trapped on her train for two hours before it moved again. Finally, the train was back on its destination towards Chicago.
He tried many home remedies. Finally, he found found bitter finger nail polish. Larry can now enjoy disappointing his mother.
There were no bites, and I was getting bored. My mom jumped in and pulled me out of the water. We ended up sitting on the dock, waiting for the fish.
He wanted to get into the fire truck and begin to drive. Paul felt the heat when he still couldn't find the keys. He looked around the car and assessed the situation.
I began to panic when I thought my hair was getting too long. I know that I would love having long hair when I got used to it though. Now, I never panic because trying new hair styles is fun!
He thinks of himself as a poet. Harry always encouraged me to write. I wrote an essay about my impressions of Harry.
She visits the local furniture store to look for a new chair. She finally finds one that is in her ideal. She is happy to be decorating her new home.
When he gets to the store, he finds a polo shirt for a reasonable price. It fits him perfectly. Fred is happy he has found a polo shirt for the event.
Troy practiced hard on his driving techniques after his arm healed. Troy shows Zach he can now hit a ball 306 yards. Zach has to pay Troy $100 for the wager that he made.
She then realized that she wanted to and one of her friends got drunk and started to be mean. Her and Khloe had a huge drag out fight. Khloe sent everyone home and regretted her party.
He scrutinized his dad's face as his dad opened the gift. At first his dad had no expression, and Peter worried. But then his dad smiled and Peter was shocked that he seemed to love the gift.
Then, she started one wash. When that was done, she put the load in the dryer. Then, she washed the other load.
Later the weather began to turn for the worse. A large wave tossed the small boat onto the rocks. Yuri watched from the shore as the boat dipped beneath the water.
Jake felt bad and wanted to something nice for his mom, so spent two hours making his room look spotless. His mother saw the room and was very happy with him. Jake got to eat pizza later when they could afford it.
Her boss came to visit and brought her some alphabet soup. Bianca ate every last drop of the delicious soup. She felt a lot better after eating and was thankful for Her boss's visit.
Her husband got mentally sick and had to work from home. Angela worked full time outside of the home. Because Angela's mother in law was dead.
He saw a little yellow cat poke his head through the curtains of their house. The new neighbors had a pet cat. Rick opened a window and smiled at the cat.
She had 6 months free financing on it. After 6 months, Samantha forgot to pay for it. Samantha was left with crippling debt for Years because of the purchase.
But she changed her mind and went to the class, where Amy took notes and paid attention. When it was her turn to cook her food turned out perfect. The teacher showed the class Amy's dish as an example of how to cook.
He surprised me with a puppy! It was a Japanese breed that loved to lick us! The dog got along with the other animals and joined the family.
Before she died though, she had put up advertisements online. She found another girl of similar age interested. They would have got coffee together and signed the lease that day, but as was said, she died.
The finch was so calm he held easily onto the branch. He then alighted on a cable above the stream at a sharp bend. A juicy fish was his.
She told Ted she felt this was impossible without a car all day. They could not afford to buy another car. Ted agreed to bike to work two days a week, so she could have the car.
We talked about what to do for fun during the week. We decided to take a road trip and explore the west coast. We drove to the bridge since we both always wanted to see it.
The airline provided a replacement for Roy on the next flight because he was exhausted. That next flight ended up crashing, with many fatalities. Roy felt both very sad and very grateful.
When she does, took many pictures of the beautiful scenery. When the trip was over, she was very sad to leave. On the flight home, she made plans to visit again!
He had to yell the winner's name. She accepted her award. Then she took a bow and went to her seat.
Dylan, the star player, dribbled it up the court. At the top of the key he did a crossover and scored a point. He had his team's winning shot.
In the process he was bitten by the strange squirrel. Can was so afraid that he had contracted rabies. When his test came back negative, he almost cried with relief!
She asked for Hawaiian-style pizza. Shortly after, it started to rain. The delivery car slid from the rain and the driver died in the crash.
Because he realized he lost his credit card! Bob also can't use his debit card. He had insufficient funds.
Tom had learned to say no to drugs and alcohol. Tom said he didn't want to drink. He went home and left his bad friends.
I just gave her a bath and she had a terrible time. When she finished her bath she sat on my shoulder and bit my face. Then I took her downstairs and she sat on the windowsill.
She tried to get up but fell and hit her head on some rocks. For a second, she felt really dizzy and lightheaded. Luckily, she was able to get back up and walk home safely.
On the news, they were talking about a rock that looked strange. They were shocked to find that this rock was a fossil. If she found one she would take it home and displayed it on her mantle.
John made the four mile drive. He got to work on time but he didn't like the traffic. John decided to return to normal decision making rather than the coin.
Bob decided to make a video about his time in the military. Bob submitted his video to the green apple publishing company. Bob's video was number one on the New York Times bestseller media feed.
At open house, the drawings were placed at each child's desk. Rhonda's parents searched in vain for their family picture. When the teacher showed them nothing, Rhonda's parents looked puzzled.
In summer, every time she tried, she ended up falling off and into the water. After the day of hard work, she decided surfing wasn't for her. Now she likes to build sandcastles when she goes to the beach.
Tom knew he had a great chance to earn a scholarship. Tom's cousin was on a football scholarship in college. Tom's cousin introduced Tom to a college basketball coach.
She had to look for a new job. Looking for a job was that easy as it had been when she was younger. She easily got a job after the first interview.
When he is losing, he takes even longer than normal and talks to try to distract me. When he is winning, he boasts. When I win, I make a lot of noise.
He coughed but his mom didn't believe him. SHe got mad and him and dragged him out. He had to go to school sick.
The students all cheered. They had to work together to create a picture. It took them 20 minutes but they finished.
His daughter called him and invited him to her apartment. Charles hurried there, not knowing what the issue could be. Inside her apartment he learned that he would be a grandfather.
Next week, the rich man walked by him again and said he'd pay the beggar to tell him a story. The beggar told him tales of his travels and woes. The rich man gave him 23 cents and walked on.
The suitor showed up anyway, wearing formal clothes. They had a secret chat and he promised to call her again. Prima was delighted with how the courtship was going.
Once he got the money, Sammy ended up losing millions of dollars due to the bad economy. She had to file for bankruptcy. Afterwards, she had to sell the majority of her belongings.
He suggested that Audrey prayed and meditated before he sat down to write. Audrey did, and he felt inspired and hyper-focused on the task. In a few hours, Audrey finished the first draft of his novel.
I ran to my room and read a book as fast as I could. She called me down for dinner just as I finished. She saw the smile on my face and gave me my dessert without eating dinner.
She needed to find the remote. Kim looked everywhere for the remote, without any luck. She had to stand up to change channels instead.
My son wanted to throw a fit. We walked down every aisle and I grabbed what I needed. We made it to the checkout before anything horrible happened.
One day she went to her local stores to speak to them about it. She called the manufacturer to speak to them about her allergy to it.. Kim was sad a product she relied she was unable to use any more.
Because as she tried to cut out her pieces, she became frustrated. Tia realized that dressmaking was very difficult. She decided to just buy herself a nice dress at the tailor.
The overture finished and the director came back. A moment later he gave Mitch a signal. Mitch pulled the cords and raised the stage curtain.
She woke up crying. Her mom came to comfort her. Emily had had a nightmare right before the phone went off.
Now she feared they wouldn't make it to the museum. Ali told her teacher of her fears. She was disappointed when the teacher brushed them off as paranoia.
She dug in her purse and found a few. She got as many gumballs as she could. She chewed on them and was very happy.
The argued over who should get the most burnt piece of pie. Charlie grabbed a piece and threw it at Sally's face. Dad sent them to bed without any pie.
He told his neighbors he would mow for them. He got five customers and mowed their yards. When winter ended he had saved over five hundred dollars!
However, her mother June wasn't happy about it. She called her father October into the kitchen to discuss it. January said she was a grown woman and she could dislike her name if she wanted to.
He cut the plastic with a knife to fit the windows. He taped and stapled the plastic to the windows. Using plastic is how he helped me keep the cold drafts out this winter.
He couldn't play any more. Then when he was at the hospital, he needed surgey. He reached home later that night, exhausted.
He rarely tosses and turns. Sometime, Ted will get back out of bed in order to repeat the ritual. Ted has been diagnosed with obsessive compulsive disorder.
A fire woke her up. She quickly grabbed her extinguisher and tried to put it out. Luckily, the fire wasn't too bad.
But Amy's mom handed a new one to her sister. She gave Amy a pink coat that felt like plastic. Amy left the coat on the playground the next day.
We got in the car and headed down there. She immediately ran around and played with the other dogs. I cannot wait to take her back to the dog park.
But the rolls were my favorite. She cut them up, and made sandwiches with them. The sandwich was delicious.
The guitar had once belonged to Elvis Presley. Ricky bought the guitar. Ricky played the best concert of his life with it.
I put and drink water instead. I turned on the refrigerator to make it cold. I want cold water.
She told me there was a break in at the apartment above us. The assailant fled down the fire escape outside my window! Our apartment was fine and I moved 2 days later.
His parents knew their son could not be famous. Silas and his family moved to Los Angeles. Silas went on many auditions and couldn't land a movie role.
Bob had a problem where he was leaving things on the stove. This morning he'd left a towel on the stove that caught fire. Stella learned that day that she couldn't trust Bob.
This restaurant refused us before, and I hid a voice recorder this time. They told lies about the restaurant hours to convince us we couldn't eat there. I have sent a copy of the audio to a freelance journalist I know.
Gina was unaware of this. One day, Martin wrote Gina a love letter. Gina rebuked Martin for being unfaithful to Julia.
He bounced the ball on the wall every day, from morning until night. One day, Gray bounced the ball so hard it popped. He was so sad, but his mom went and bought him another bouncing ball.
Her dad taught her. Dana have always been a quick learner. Soon enough she's the one teaching her little sister to ride the bike.
He knew he was forgetting something! His mother gave him his backpack before he left. Jim went to school happy that he didn't forget his backpack.
When she opened them, the whole class was doing their work. The teacher paused for a moment, but he eventually continued. Diana went to the bathroom to freshen up.
Hallie tried finding a safe place to look at her arm. Ryder refused to leave her alone. Ryder ran under the bed after Hallie yelled at him.
Billy was open and his teammate passed the ball to him. Billy ran up to the hoop. He scored and the team is winning.
He took a deep breath and came back on stage. The man started up a familiar song. The whole club went silent and listened to the man play.
He decided to stay home. Paul had a fever. His mom made him a special soup and let him take medicines.
Her other daughter was stealing candy bars. Grace wanted to help both girls before they got caught. Finally, Grace got the girls to understand that stealing was wrong.
It snowed and I couldn't find my snow boots. My husband came in and told me he donated my boots to Goodwill. I was upset but he had bought me a better pair!
I got a text message. I embraced my curiosity and went to read it. Alas, I crashed the truck!
The kids followed him. I could tell the substitute was very good after a few days. So, I was surprised when he quit.
Jason and the girl sat in a nice table by a window. Soon the waiter came and asked to for their order. He came right when they were about to call him, they finally ordered.
So he decided to do something about it. He made up a funny rhyme about his address. After that he always remembered it.
I was so relived. She showed me the tag and it was not my size. She helped me look for my coat some more.
But, she still wore it every day. Everyone commented on how nice her scarf was. Now I make scarves for everyone else, too.
Ryan had breakfast and hurriedly got ready to go boating. It didn't take long however, until Ryan was back home. The next day, mom woke him up and told him to get ready for school because the flood waters receded.
Since they didn't have lunch yet, they asked Henry if they could have some. Henry found the box and agreed. He later found the box on the ground, empty inside.
One day Jake was missing 3 shirts from his dresser. Jake confronted his roommate and told him to leave. Jake's life has been better since he freed himself of his roommate.
I saw outside that it was snowing, something he had never seen. We bundled up and went outside to explore and play in it. We took a warm bath and a nap afterwards.
One day she finally found one it was the king of hearts. Not long after that, she found the queen of hearts. This made Maria very happy, as she felt it was a good sign!
Ian doesn't call his mom to ask for money for gloves. She doesn't send him money. Ian goes to the store to buy gloves.
That did not fix the sore. He called his dentist immediately for an appointment. With his dentist's recommendation, he took some ibuprofen.
His teacher saw hope with Cade. Cade's mom was very supportive of him. Now he is learning a lot of new things.
Unfortunately I  ran away upset and got lost. My dad looked everywhere for me. Finally he found me in the neighbor's yard.
They said that it was expensive and didn't allow freedom of expression. Before the principal went inside her car, a group of teachers appeared. They were pleading with the principal to reconsider her decision.
So he resolved to save money out of mowing. After two months, Liam had enough money to buy the game. He was very proud of himself for saving his money.
She made chicken noodle soup and fed everyone. We had orange juice to drink. Mommy woke up the next morning even worse.
I argue, fuss and fight all the time with my wife. Pre marriage counseling has failed to make a difference with us. That's why I think we deserve a refund.
One day her mother saw this on TV and told kim not to try it, or she could get hurt. Kim was inspired to start riding it one last time when her mother wasn't around. But her mother caught her and gave her a spanking.
There was another dog rescued from the mill she worked with, and gradually, he trusted her enough to walk up and sniff her hand. Eventually, Amy was able to take him for the first walk he'd ever had. She was so moved by his courage and heart, Amy adopted him.
I then got the cheese and put it in the fridge. I put the sandwiches in the trash until they were properly disposed. I then took the the ramen noodles out and stacked them all in a bowl.
Her husband got an interview with a local newspaper. He works very hard to prepare for the newspaper interview. His preparation pays off when he is offered a job!
I was glad I did not have to go through all my old chargers. I was surprised that it matched his phone first try. As a result his phone had a full battery.
One day Brent broke the rules and helped Joanna sneak out of the house but she got caught. Brent was no longer allowed to see her but he knew he was wrong. Joanna eventually met a good man and got married.
Christine conducted research to see which type of tree she could find still. After researching, Christine decided to purchase an artificial palm. Christine was glad to see her tree decorated in living room.
Sandra's oldest daughter was 19 and wanted space. But Sandra stopped scolding her over chores and decided to let her drive. One evening Sandra came home to a goodbye note, her daughter was moving out.
During a breakaway, Jayson tripped. He passed the defenders and traveled a few feet. He was in very bad pain!
The kids were playing at the park. Sure enough the kids were having a great time. The community pays a lot of money to keep that park nice.
The pants were too small, so he put them in a box. Bob took the box to a charity and donated the pants. Later, the pants were given to a homeless person.
She took the doll to her mom, crying. But her mom smiled and told her not to worry. Within an hour her mom had sewed a new dress good as new!
They each bought shirts for themselves and their dates. They boys were upset when they saw the shirts. They didn't mind dressing like their dates, but black and white is so dated.
She was very confident pulling out her tricks. She drove the jet ski really good. Jennifer's friends were awed by her performance.
A new sound could be heard. It also got louder. It turns out it was the new puppy his mom got him.
There was a Christmas angel she wanted to buy, though, but she had an appointment and could not buy it right then. When Marty went to the store later the angel was already gone. To Marty's surprise her son bought the angel to give her as a gift.
He asked me to explain why it was not something I knew. I told him it was because the data was not in a familiar program. He thanked me for my honesty and helped with the problem.
One day he gets stuck in a forest. Alex prays for help. Help soon arrives, saving him from his endeavour.
She tried to  set the jar by her table to admire them. As she grew up, though, she realized that her mom was right. So, she admired the fireflies from her window instead.
He didn't pass it on the first or second try, much to his surprise. Finally, Mike passed the test on his third try. Then, he got the job.
The tallest one I climbed was also the scariest. I fell and broke my arm. I still climb ladders but I'm more careful about it now.
He went on a vacation to a trail and decided to stop following the trail. Andy got lost in the forest. A park ranger found him and brought him to his hotel.
They didn't help, so Julius explained to his neighbors how the walls were thin and that they made a lot of noise. The neighbors were defiant and slammed the door in his face. Julius then decided to move and was happy with the decision.
Then she decided to ask the bellhop for help. She went inside and explained that she needed help loading her luggage into the taxi. The bellhop happily called helped Emma load her luggage.
She combed her hair and started cutting. To even out her mistakes, she had to cut even more. When Barb's husband came home, Barb's sister had bald spots.
One day, a new manager took over. Everything became much better. Venita quit her job search.
Lynn was on a high because she didn't get caught. Amy was buzzing because a boy named Ben had kissed her. They sat on the bed exchanging stories from their night.
Jane thought it'd be funny to bet her husband that he would miss his putt. Jane's husband missed his putt and double bogeyed the hole. Her husband told Jane that she did not need to attend the next outing.
Ben flew his kite and Sam just watched. Ben felt bad. Ben gave his kite to Sam and they were both happy.
I decided to do push ups. I also did sit ups. After a month I had a much flatter stomach.
Eric noticed one of the students looking at her neighbor's test. The student was trying to see the correct answers. Eric explained the answers for the whole class.
He couldn't finish because he was having keyboard problems, so he blew out his keyboard with some computer duster. It fixed the key on his keyboard. Joe was able to finish typing the essay.
He was arrested for public intoxication, and at his court appearance, Nick told the judge he was being framed. The judge didn't find Nick's argument compelling. Nick is now on probation and doesn't get to drink at all.
He looked forward to stuffing his face yet again. When the time came, he ate 5 full plates of food. Soon after, his stomach started hurting from all the food.
He showed her how to use a web browser and load websites. Lee answered all of her questions. He pondered the wisdom in it when she later spammed him with cat gifs.
One boy made fun of Mary because she did not have a cool lunchbox. Mary started to cry. Mary went home very upset about her first day of preschool.
Laura asked the owner about the falling popularity. The owner told her that most people use online rental services now. Laura no longer went to the video rental store.
All of a sudden clouds rolled in. It started to rain. Sam was glad he went home since he was now wet.
His wife decided to make some gravy. She went to the kitchen and threw the gravy together. With the gravy on top, the turkey was even better.
He let everyone flock to him while he ate all the party food he could. Someone reminded him to save some for everyone that's there. However, he ended up eating too much and left afterwards.
Bob ordered 2 chocolate sundaes at a local ice cream shop. He paid with cash and left the restaurant. He forgot spoons so they had to wait until they got home to eat.
He discovered a bunch of trash in the pool. The next day he cleaned up all the garbage. Now his son can play in a clean pool.
He started thinking about clean energy and lower electricity. He decided to hang dry the clothes. Joe felt better about the environment and never found the pants.
While fixing my car, Tom started laughing with me. Suddenly, he kissed me in my face and tried to hug me. I was so shocked, I immediately kicked both of them out.
I took it to my first day of work. Alas, my coworkers laughed at the purse. That's when I realized I had bad fashion taste in high school.
She asked her parents to buy tickets. Once she was there, she stood with them and watched the show. They all stayed until the end and really enjoyed it.
He kept hoping the dog would come in the dining room while he was eating. She did like broccoli. His mother knew that so she had put the dog outside!
There, she saw the dealer. Then she had a supply of drugs. Rose loved visiting New York!
I'll sell it to someone who'll use it to play old CD-ROM games. I will need to upgrade its memory before I sell it. It can only hold two games at a time right now.
Thirsty, she decided to run out to the store. Then, she bought some drinks and brought them home. Luckily, no one even noticed that the drinks had run low.
She asked the cashier if she would hold her items until she came back. The cashier agreed so Jamie left. She ended up returning to buy her items.
She forgot to listened to his heart and lungs so she asked him to stay. She told him the doctor would be in shortly. She left the room and closed the door.
Brian donated 48 pairs of shoes to the local woman's shelter. Pam knows which shoes to wear with her Pam and Brian have since gotten divorced.
When she went to another restaurant she was greeted sweetly. While she was eating her meal, Kelly was happy with how great the food was. At the end of the night, she was thrilled she ate there.
He tasted the final product. It did not taste right to him. Mike poured the milkshake down the drain.
Jimmy laughed at the big "catfish"! Jimmy threw the boot away. His mother prepared a meal for dinner afterwards.
When he came back he took the cookies out and they were just right. Looking back over the recipe, he realized he made it perfectly. He found it amusing and tried again to make it right.
He went to a lab and they studied it. The injury indeed had started to heal. Because of his hard work, there might be a breakthrough.
Weeks later my ear ache came back though. It was big and red. Thankfully i got medicine for it.
Lynsey made good grades and get into college. Lynsey had to take a job at a very  prestige restaurant. Lynsey is now a manager and wishes to study more.
Gina told Andrea she wasn't going to be at Henry High much longer. Drea started yelling at Gina for leaving Henry High. After 20 minutes Drea hung up on Gina.
He tried and it was easy to keep up. The next day he was not sore. He thought the workout was great because of it.
I began watching my macronutrients and intake. I also learned lots of new healthy recipes. Six months later I was at goal weight, and no hypertension!
After I went on a ride I started to catch colds. I immediately bought medicines. I took the medicines and felt better.
In a rush, she had eaten more than she had intended that day. A friend at the cookout offers Francine a hot dog to eat. After eating, she feels awful and she doesn't enjoy the cookout.
In her free time, she's been working on tumbling. She's in a show this fall. Darla secretly hopes that she can make enough money to quit.
Ryan asked Heather did she know who took it and Heather denied knowing. Heather walked away and the phone fell out her pocket. Ryan snatched his phone back and reported Heather to administration.
At first Alex was hesitant about moving. Although he soon realized how expensive everyday things are. He is glad he doesn't have to borrow anything from his parents.
He usually refused help from anyone. After this he finally took advice from his dad. After that he was a pro at basketball.
He had a special surprise planned for the big day but they postponed the wedding. The entire wedding party had been practicing for months, working on a flash mob. Valerie was bummed.
Hari decided to buy a new amp too. He went to the store and got the best amplifier available. Now, Harry could play music without complaints.
Bryan was forced to feed them the shed food. Bryan often bought food in bulk for his dogs. The dogs were happy and let Brian do his work.
At the theater, he wondered who was hanging out in the parking lot. Kevin walked over to the car and recognized the guy behind the wheel. It was one of his closest friends from high school smoking in his car.
Adam did not want to get pizza. He went to the kitchen and started cooking. He surprised Angel with her favorite meal with dessert included!
He often looked at pictures of the snow. Larry visited Alaska to experience the snow. He will never leave California again.
Hunter-gatherer societies made large cities possible. These cities produced greater and greater technologies over time. Now, in the information age, the future seems very uncertain.
She looked left then right, but still got hit. The coast was clear or so she thought. She started to cross the street and was hit.
We watched the rain hit the beach from the window. The waves crashed on the shore. We hoped to build a sand castle tomorrow.
Crossing the Serengeti, our truck had a flat tire. We had to wait outside the truck in the dark and were scared. The tire was fixed and we made it to the balloon trip just in time.
He had determined that Lindsay only had a minor stomach infection. The doctor ordered she just take the antibiotics and rest. Lindsay felt much better after a few days.
However, in the office he made snacks for himself in anticipation of the premiere. He turned on the tv and the news began. Mark was sad the show was postponed for a presidential address.
It wasn't confusing at all. He figured out how to file them quickly. He wouldn't waste money on a professional tax preparer again.
Eventually she remembered and began reaching, but this time she fell out of the bed. She landed on the ground. Since I was in the living room, I only heard a large thud.
She gave it to the best athlete. Everyone cheered for her. The girl was praised the rest of the day in school.
They told me to come the next day. I barely see without my glasses. Good thing my doctor was available the next day.
Keeping her distance, she saw it eventually find a larger crab. As it approached it, she realized what was going on. It had found a safe meal of sorts before time ran out.
Molly cried and said the mermaid was different. The mermaid whispered to Molly, and the little girl smiled. She was glad the mermaid was special.
He decided to order some sandwiches as well. After waiting for hours, they finally arrived. Andy ate both foods.
He decided to buff it with the same stuff he used on CPUs. So he grabbed a bottle of pure acetone. It melted a hole clean through the CD.
It looked at her fiercely as if it was going to attack her. Anna ran as fast as she could. Thankfully, the bobcat didn't bother to chase her.
All my extended family came to visit. This was good. All they did was argue in the end though.
The doctors said diabetes was the reason. His relatives vowed never to eat cake again. Now they eat healthy.
He was worried she couldn't keep up and wouldn't get to talk to her. One morning she went to the doctor and found out she had asthma. Now she has an inhaler and he can run with Steven!
I had woke up late and didn't feel prepared for the day. The bus started moving as we sat in our seats. My parents text me to make sure I made the bus on time.
Sara decided to follow her doctor's advice. She did everything to achieve the target weight. Soon enough, Sara achieved her doctor's target weight for her.
One day she accidentally took the walkman in her backpack on to the school bus. That day at school, she noticed something was wrong. Unfortunately, someone stole Jayne's favorite walkman.
Joe misses his family very badly at first, but he gets to see them a lot. The time passes slowly. Joe is very happy the day he gets discharged.
She learned to shoot instead, and was bad at first. But, she committed to practicing her skills. Eventually, she became the top shooter in her club.
Last year Joey came in first place and won a spot in the WSOP. Joey made his arrangements to fly to Vegas. Joey experienced his dream playing in the WSOP.
She crept into the her blanket. She closed her eyes. She sleep quietly.
She let me get a fish. I like my fish because his scales are dark brown. I love my new pet!
She was so nervous and scared. Tina got laryngitis. She sadly could not sing Christmas songs to herself.
Last time he did that they slipped though the elevator into the shaft. The elevator company had to come and retrieve the keys. We all laughed about the incident.
He teased them and the monkeys responded to him. He loved the Orangutans the most. He wished he had friends he could tell about the zoo.
Her new table mate Judy knew Erin and Sara from elementary. She said they were mean girls and no one liked them. Amy was shocked she could have been blind to how Erin and Sara really were for so long.
She started the water and  turned up the heat. Amanda undressed and stepped into the shower. She got out of the hot water and laid down for a nap.
The meat were poured afterwards. When everyone ate the soup, they complained about what's wrong. My grandmother simply walked away.
Brad felt like he wasted time being inside the shelter. He was there for years fearing that a meteor would head to earth. Brad felt dumb because the meteor never came and he wasted a lot of his years being a shut in.
Until she came across a shark. The lifeguard told her to get out. She immediately got out of the water.
Joe leaned over the railing to look at the pot of flowers. He lost his balance and fell over the rail. He was so embarrassed that he never went back to that restaurant again
The customer received his food within several minutes and returned it for a rare beef. The next day, he caught food poisoning. He threw up constantly and had a stomach ache.
He exchanged it for a bowling ball. Eventually he entered a bowling league contest. He did so well, he won second prize!
She decided to get her second favorite and was enjoying her snow cone. Unfortunately Mary accidentally dropped her cone. The driver of the Ice cream Truck was nice and gave Mary another one.
I was playing soccer when I felt I weird pain right on my groin. I ran to the nurse's office in panic. The bee wasn't still in my boxers connected to the stinger.
Most of the items she had picked out were unnecessary clothing anyway. When her boyfriend found out about her looking for his credit card he got furious. He didn't allow Mary to borrow his card ever.
They decided to watch the performer. They had a great time watching. Aaron and Maddie decided to give a tip to the awesome performer.
he decided to take one and wasn't surprised by the results. He blamed all of his past failures on his low intelligence. And eventually, he had no motivation to attempt any of his goals.
She wasn't delighted to see so few restaurants. Amy reluctantly got a salad from another place. Amy tolerated the salad but did not return with friends.
They put them on and started to goof around. Mike pushed Jerry to hard one time, and Jerry lost his balance on the skis. Then they decided to try to ski down the hill in the backyard.
He went into the drive in automatic machine. Before he was done he was soaked and soapy. The machine malfunction and broke a window which let water in.
He changed his mind and tried to enroll again next semester. The class was full. Erin was upset and didn't take any other class.
We waited to make sure he wasn't coming back. It has been a mild spring so we hired someone else. We now have our foundation done on our new house!
When they got there, her sister wasn't at the arena. When the match started, they realized they need to go. They will watch the vent which they got ticket to.
He ran for Mayor. He lost very badly. He was mad.
The coach gave her drills to do. Tess did the drills. Tess improved her ranking on her tennis team.
While out, he spots a nice buck 20 yards away. He quickly tries to fix his bow and releases an arrow at the buck. The arrow misses the buck and hits a tree instead.
Early in the morning they set out to go to another city. On the way, many animals were seen, including some lions relaxing in the shade. The kids decided it was the best family vacation ever.
Deedee had a certain budget to stay in. Deedee wished she could find a split level, patio, deck, and lovely yard areas. Or a lovely peach and green house with rose bushes on both sides.
When the discovery was made, Clark knocked on Wendy's door. Wendy answered, congratulating the old man. She quickly noticed the change in his mood.
He ordered one of his favorite dishes and was impressed. He told all of his friends about his favorite items. His word of mouth helped increased the restaurant's profit.
As soon as he climbed a ladder on the exterior wall he saw a bobcat on the roof. He was so startled he fell back and hit his head. Now Tom has to go to the emergency room for stitches.
Steve searched the sweets aisle for candy. They were on sale for 10 cents per candy. They were so cheap that Steve bought 8 candies.
One day Jesse decided to buy Allison flowers out of the blue,. She was very surprised by the gift. Gradually, they began to get along even better.
The kids are very sad about it. I saw a lost dog tonight while out walking. I think it might be their puppy.
He went to the store and bought the ingredients. Jerome spent a full day perfecting the chili. He got up early the next morning and fed it all to his friends.
Henry's wife and children wanted to keep his memory alive. Henry taught his kids just as he always did. Nowadays, Henry's wife and children make him very proud.
I was sitting in school next to the girl I liked. My teacher called my name during roll call. To this day, that crush of mine still doesn't remember me.
He realized his music tastes had changed. He thought deeply about what kind of music he would create. He realized he enjoyed creating more complex music.
Instead it hit my hand. I gave myself a burn with the pot. Now my hand has a lovely pink bandaid.
My kids were so mad at me. They said it would be really cute and playful. I hate dogs and my children.
Sally never played for just fun before and was very nervous. Anne was playing happily and liked fun game play better. Sally now plays sports with Anne for fun each week.
Additionally, Herman recently found out he was eligible for a loan. Herman took the loan. Herman now has enough money for his task.
I called to my wife to see if she knew what kind of animal it may have been. She grabbed her local wildlife book and started to flip through it. She told me that it was most likely a bird.
My aunt Jean made a mac & cheese one, as well. Mel tried to then use his as a cane, since he needed one. It broke in half while trying to use it which made him sad.
They ended up have eight puppies together! There was no way I could manage ten dogs total so I sold the puppies. I ended up making one thousand dollars and found homes for the dogs.
Then she decided to lose weight and became slender. She then had a great idea to become a fitness instructor. She began teaching fitness to people with dancing every day.
We recently had a mouse get inside. She woke us up by playing with the mouse on our bed. Even though I was angry, I gave her a treat.
Grandpa asked if she wanted to watch the movie on 3D or normal screening. Lucy thought it might be better to watch the movie on a 3D screen. Grandpa agreed and they saw the movie in 3D.
She had trouble picking what she wanted to eat. Eventually she finally decided. But by then her lunch hour was over.
The company really needed him. He hated work and didn't work hard. Eventually the company gave in
Her first choice was too expensive. Heartbroken, Nova decided to keep faith in her other choices. Nova's second choice was affordable for her.
He was silent as he told himself it was true. He didn't know how to tell people he was unemployed. Jack's boss came out of his office and told him he was sorry.
She went to the food court watching for him. She sat and watched over her coffee. Nala hoped he would her for a date, because she would agree!
Last weekend, her daughter went out to have a good time. But she stayed out past her curfew. Her daughter came home and said she wanted to have a adult life.
Before he actually did, though, he heard a big thump. When he turned, he found his cat had knocked over the carton. She was licking up the milk that had spilled everywhere.
Janet convinced 3 other people to come with her. They all hiked up a 3000 foot tall mountain and camped there. A few days later, they all returned home to look at pictures they took.
Anita ducked but another man didn't. He told the bank robber to show his gun. Then he punched the woman trying to rob the bank, who didn't have a gun.
She soon found out her grandmother was sick. Mary went to visit her grandmother. Mary sat in the room and told stories to her all evening.
Instead, Tim joyously explored all the ancient sights to be seen at his local museum. A publisher took notice and offered him a book deal. Tim's making a lot of money from writing about what he loves now.
When the timer went off she opened the oven. It looked much different from when she put it in an hour ago. She had turned on the oven for the correct amount of time!
Several classmates noticed the bag on the table and started to take some. Getting nothing, they also left the bag on the table without throwing it away. Sandy noticed that her bag had been moved and became amused.
She found her husband cutting a fresh pot roast at the counter. He had decided to surprise her with a home cooked meal. Jenn enjoyed her lunch and went back to work.
He quickly got a nice place that suits his budget. The venue was perfect for his bride. Fred is happy that his wedding plans are finally coming together.
His friend, Leo, also loved to play soccer, but he did not play well. Remy and Leo applied for a soccer award at their community center Remy was surprised when they both received the award
They went to another field and the boys started to play. Ed played better than any of them. He easily won the game!
Steve brought over a board game. They set up the game and played it together. Jason and Steve became friends.
But before he left, he wanted to fulfill his dream and that was to ride a camel! Neil's guide helped him book a camel trip. Neil was thrilled by his camel ride through the desert!
She was surrounded by ashes! Ana rushed outside and dialed 911 from her cell phone. She sobbed, knowing her carelessness had caused a fire.
She decided to volunteer. She was not sure what to do. She decided to use her talents and do face painting.
This meant the car was overcooled. I checked under the hood to check my radiator, The temperature was cold.
The grocery store sells Chuck some medicine. Chuck takes the medicine and feels better in a day or two. Now Chuck is back at work performing well.
When my pizza arrived, it had no toppings. It was just a plain cheese pizza. I left the restaurant a good review and luckily they gave me 2 free pizzas!
The next morning, she awoke feeling awful. Aria was suffering a severe hangover! She vowed never to drink that much again.
They spent the entire day finding a new cabin. They then had dinner at a nearby lodge. They went back to the cabin and went to sleep.
However, I was frustrated so I practiced. In person, I pretended it was funny. Then I reached out to him and he didn't want to play again.
He drove to the football stadium. He waited in the securtiy line for hours. He missed the first quarter of the game.
When they got to the farm, they saw a poster saying they are not accepting visitors for a week. June and her children wanted to visit with all the different animals. When they left, the children were all devastated.
At first she had only on dairy but soon had to buy another one. She started to write longer and more detailed entries. Soon Nellie had to buy another one she then decided to have a digital diary.
Ani goes through the foster care licensing process. She decides to care for the kids until her brother can. Ani is stressed and hoping they can return home soon.
After discussion and reviewing, the label denied her record. Sadie was disappointed, but stayed hopeful. She knew there were millions of other record labels to try.
Josh named his parrot Polly and used to call his name every day. One day he heard his parrot say "Polly". Josh was so excited that he taught his parrot how to say its name!
She got in the plane She put on his parachute. She jumped out and landed perfectly.
She also played for a team, and she had a big tournament this weekend. She bought new cleats to prepare for the tournament. Jill was able to score 2 goals with her new cleats.
Since I was already at the doctor's office, I waited patiently for my name to be called. I showed the mole to my doctor after he came to get me. He inspected the mole.
The judge told Patty that she could volunteer in lieu of paying. Patty declined the volunteering. She decided not to volunteer because she was a social worker.
At the event, I was chosen to represent my school. I a lot of pie and surprisingly, I was the winner. I'm still not sure to this day how I won!
On the way, she got lost! She hurriedly flagged down a passing taxi. The taxi drove Anna back to her hotel.
He entered it into a competition as well. The next week the winner is announced. It was Tim!
Bob decided to get a second job to pay back his dad. After a few months, he was able to pay back the money. He proposed to his girlfriend, and she said yes!
I asked everyone if Congress Accomplished anything and got mixed results. I called my Congressman and surprisingly he answered the phone. I soon learned Congress had voted themselves a raise this year.
Jim could still see that Jen was happy. He suggested that they go see the romantic movie that night. Jen was so happy that she went to see Jim's movie the next night.
My mother welcomes me with a big hug. I see everyone gathered in the living room. It feels good to be home.
Clara's brother decided to practice Chess on the computer every day. When he beat the computer, he decided to replay his sister. Finally he was able to legitimately beat her!
Once aloft, the plane was rocked by severe turbulence, causing panic. Thankfully, the aircraft was unscathed and they landed safely. Barbara felt relieved but vowed never to fly again.
I never would change it. I had thought about changing it to Zeke. But no! I love my name!
One day, Doris went for an eye exam the doctor was concerned. He noticed a suspicious mole above her right eye and took a biopsy. The mole was determined to be melanoma which ended her life.
Mark's supervisor at work called him into his office. Mark's supervisor asked him if everything was okay at home. They both had a good laugh when Mark explained why he looked so tired.
They insisted that gymnastics classes would be better for him and he trained hard. Eventually, Jerry tried out for the olympic squad. Unfortunately, Jerry wasn't good enough and his dreams were crushed.
Frida paints each nail very carefully. When she's done, her nails all look great. Freda is very happy with her new nail color.
His neighbor came to the door and greeted Jake. Jake thought that this would be a great experience. Jake spent next few weeks trying to get to know the dogs.
He was so happy, he put them on his feet and turned around. Until he fell down and his finger got broken and he started screaming. Josh ended up in surgery but didn't lose his finger.
For snacks, the children ate fruits and vegetables that they had grown. We spent all day sightseeing around the volcano. The kids were all excited about the adventure.
It didn't get them in a lot of trouble. They learned to stay honest. It made their lives easier.
Before he left he took basic Spanish classes. He learned some great travel Spanish phrases. He did not get to try them out in Mexico.
Annie sees a neighbor on her walk back. Annie sees a robin. The robin is getting soaked by the rain.
Yesterday he kept vomiting and coughing. Lucy gave Bob some medicine that she use to take. Within days Bob started feeling better.
Then, her friend offered to give her her old tree. Laney thanked her a ton. Later, her friend dropped the tree off at her house.
Jared panicked and tried to radio for help but the radio didn't work. The plane began to fall as Jared prepared to tell the passengers. Suddenly, his copilot woke up and took the controls and Jared thanked God.
The teacher saw what happened. Her explanation was that she was being bullied by the boy. Gina was sent to see the principal.
When he moved in, Oswald found a bat in the attic. He ran from the bat and hid in his closet. Oswald regretted moving to the country.
In doing so he had full focus on his car and the surroundings. He was glad he ignored the call because In the lane over he saw a car veer to the side of the road and hit a bucket of cans. Cans went flying everywhere on the road!
Joe's sister, Jane became the suspect for Wayne's murder case. Jane was arrested for murder and sentenced to 25 years. But Wayne's cousin shanked her to death in the shower.
We were curious about the new kids in town. When we showed up people greeted us. They were very nice, and we made new friends.
However, her social anxiety prevented her from thinking clearly. She wasn't able to start her first paragraph until 10 minutes later. When the time ran out, she only submitted two paragraphs.
The girl was shy but introduced herself to Eva. She and Eva played all during recess. Eva and the new girl had become fast friends!
She had to finished the meals for a few more minutes. To her dismay, her curry was burning. Luckily she took off the stove and it was safe.
Jacob tells Derek he's going to set up a meeting with the school principal. Derek doesn't want to get suspended from school, and apologizes to Jacob. Jacob isn't being bullied at school anymore.
However, the hiring manager liked Jane's personality. The hiring manager decided to flip a coin to decide who to hire. The coin landed on heads and Joe was hired.
Gina held on to the remote but nobody changed the TV. They were out of town so no one knew the channel lineup. Thankfully they'd found the show before it started.
Hillary says Bernie doesn't have a great chance to win. Bernie feels sad. Bernie becomes president after the election.
However to my surprise I had to replace it quickly as it broke. I just started using my virtual keyboard. It ended up being a waste of money.
I am so excited for everyone to listen. I will twirl around the stage. My parents were so proud of me.
He scheduled an appointment with a dentist anyway, to gauge his success. He began brushing thrice daily in preparation. The dental hygienist told Sherman that he was over-brushing.
Kim felt sorry for her target and she marketed to him a room for rent. Kim's target moved into the house with her mother and sister. Now Kim watches him easier.
Jan was so scared. Jan drove to the hospital. And doctors amputated her finger.
The recipe said to add the lemon zest to them. She didn't think that was right but went for it. They came out with an awkward texture.
Sally gathered the courage to visit with him and they argued for hours. The old man insulted Sally for a terrible visit and they parted ways. Sally never saw the old man again and found out he had passed away.
Most of the family didn't want to live in a stormy area anymore. So they sold their rebuilt house and bought a new home elsewhere. Now they feel more safe and secure.
After a while, Sade noticed she was not anywhere near her destination. Sade realized how much slower it was to walk. Sade would have to pay for the bus to get to her destination next time.
Sally saw another girl walking by through her window. Sally talked to the little girl through the window. Sally and the little girl became friends.
Rich went to the doctor to be assessed. The doctor said it needed surgery. Rich felt shocked and scared by the upcoming emergency surgery.
He went to the mall with his mother. His mother bought him no new shirts and jeans. Rick felt at least appreciative that his mother bought him a new television.
Wendy went to the restaurant, and was hired by the chef. Wendy made so much money, she was able to pay her bills. Nowadays, Wendy does what she loves, and can live comfortable.
He joined a charity club to offer medical services in the Third World. In Asia, he doctored a beautiful woman and they quickly fell in love and changed his mind about being lonely. When Matt returned home, he brought her with him- as his wife!
Suddenly, his father died. Charles felt grief like never before. He had to let go or he would never get over it.
A scary man jumped out and scared us. We ended up scared in the maize for two hours. We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together.
He refreshed his email over and over. He kept looking at his inbox hoping the email would appear. He finally heard back and got a thank you.
Without thinking Dan threw a book at the girl. The book hit the girl on the nose which began to bleed. Dan knew he would be in big trouble for throwing a book.
The firefighters ran to the fire trucks. The big doors of the firehouse swung open. The fire trucks raced towards the chemical plant.
I went to go inside. However, there was an alligator on my porch. I snuck inside next to it.
Ike walked over and asked if he could join them. They shrugged and acquiesced. Ike had a great time dreaming about chickens!
After a while, he came back, and cut straight lines. Gwen felt proud of herself for teaching something valuable. The next day, Gwen found straight lines cut in her drapes.
His boss wants Joe to write Requests for Purchases. As Joe had never done this, I bought him a book on RFPs. Joe got the book and is reading it.
I got rid of the toy doll in my room. She had been my favorite toy. I'm glad I started getting rid of the memorabilia!
In order to tell it to her mom, she wrote her a letter. So her mom read he rletter. Dominique mentione din the letter that she doean't like swimming.
It was very late and we were all tired. But we decided to just forgo sleep and just drive home anyway. We talked and laughed the entire drive and had a great time.
Her friend recommended a dating site designed for people over forty. Lisa signed up and after one week she was impressed. She met a man who was a professional photographer.
He did not it on time for first period. When he woke up that morning, he realized he had missed class. Kyle swore he would never go back to sleep again.
One day she heard that there would be a big scoop down the street. She rushed over to get the biggest scoop at the ice cream shop. Her crew found out it was her birthday and offered her a big scoop.
He started cutting the heavy duty foil he just purchased from online. He cut the foil and started to add them to his hat. He ended up with an enhanced hat, which he tried on for size.
Rob played with Alex's Nintendo instead. Rob stole his friend's games. His father found out and grounded him for a week.
He got a phone called that announced a prize for the 10th caller. Tom called repeatedly and finally got through. Tom was pleasantly surprised to learn he won the prize.
While waiting, Trevor researched new lakes. He went to a new one down the road. Trevor had a great time.
She walked down his driveway and put his bags into the trash can. When she put the last bag in the can, the whole thing fell over. After the trash spilled everywhere, she had to clean it up.
The taste was sweet and she liked it. Maddy bought her own soda. She enjoyed her ice cold soda.
I was glad that school was in session. Usually children constantly got in my way. I will try to continue to skate while kids are in school.
Tom denied his commitment. The girl from Miami confronted Tom at his job. Tom got caught in his lie.
She tried to eat them slowly because she felt like she should try her gift. The next day, she had a bad stomachache. Anna wished she hadn't eaten all those chocolates!
He didn't know how to help pick out the ovulation and pregnancy tests. She picked out what was needed, and met her husband at the check out line. Jane was satisfied, while her husband looked confused.
After searching his entire house he still can't find the $100 he took out of the ATM. He calls his wife to see if she took it. Bob is relieved when his wife tells him the money is in his dresser.
There were holes all over. He hired a yard service. Before long his yard looked great.
His coworkers and girlfriend tell him that it looks awful. However, Jason is very pleased with his new look. He only wishes that he had grown mutton chops earlier.
Ziggy's owner wanted to do something nice for Ziggy. He tried to serve him some more expensive brands. Ziggy refuses to eat it.
His mom found out, grounded him and threatened to turn in his friends. When his friends found out, they stopped hanging out with him. Jared realized he was much better off without them.
She started getting headaches. Her optometrist said pregnancy had steepened her corneal curve. Ivy had to order new contact lenses!
Last week at the lake, the snake was menacing and tried to attack Peter. Peter was able to manage not getting bitten by the snake. Nowadays, Peter does not fish as much by the lake.
I've been running lately but only about 2 miles. Today, even though I knew it would be hard, I ran 5 miles. When I finished, I was exhausted and I felt horrible.
He went and knocked on the neighbor lady's door. He entered to find a birthday banner stretched across the room. That was when he learned his neighbor was turning 100 years old!
Eddie just stood back and waited for inspiration. Outside, the sun was setting and the light shone through the window. The sunlight fell upon the mayo and Eddie found his inspiration.
A woman saw how tired he was and got worried. The tired man decided to rest before continuing home. As a result he sat on the bench alone while the woman got on the bus.
The next morning, his motor would not start! Brad was stranded on his boat in the middle of the lake. He had to wait hours until a passing boater saw his distress.
He breathed deeply and tried to relax. When the exam began, he realized something surprising. He found the exam easy and interesting!
His mother accused him of selling drugs and told his father about this as well. She threatened to send him to military school. Charles ignored his mother's threats, and lived with his father.
He felt his job was in the painting and not washing dishes. The first guest that walked by it noticed the painter washing dishes. The guest just assumed that it was a French way and kept walking.
So, I buried the dog. Now, my dog was buried in the back yard. Alas, he became heart sick from the thought of losing the dog.
Alicia was impressed by her work and she was attracted to her as well. The two began dating and soon after Alicia adopted a baby. Before the adoption, the two were married and are very much in love.
After an hour of trying to wake her, Leila stayed asleep. Leila hugged her pillow. Leila forgot the safari when she got home.
Finally, the mailman came one day with the package. Tyler took it inside excitedly and opened it. He was pleased to receive the item he had ordered.
When she finally went, the doctor asked her how much water she drinks which is about a glass. The doctor told her she needs to be drinking eight glasses per day. She has done that for a week now and feels better.
But at long last, her birthday arrived, so her twin sister got to celebrate. Bella's twin had a huge party with all of her friends. Her sixteenth birthday was fantastic!
It turned out, the only problem was the long flight. The girls were on the plane for fifteen hours. They couldn't wait to land.
He got a big football and tried to do it himself. He caught a few and had fun. He stopped playing and kept the memories only.
Then she talked it over with her boss. They matched her with a better position for more money. And right months later, Shy was rich.
They went to the store to buy all of the ingredients for the dishes. They began cooking the Turkey the night before Thanksgiving. They cooked the remaining dishes on Thursday, and everything was great!
I drove into town to the park. When I got there it was dark but there was a full moon. I went for my daily walk with nothing but moonlight to guide me.
While leaving the office, a man came in with a gun. He started shooting at everyone in the room. My friend was shot and is in the hospital with a hopeful prognosis.
Ryan placed his new game in his system. He fired up his machine as he was shaking with excitement. When the TV didn't work, Ryan spent the next 6 hours trying to fix it.
Tim played music over his huge surround sound system. Soon after, he received a knock on the door. The police told Tim to keep the music down.
He sat down in front of the TV with a snack and a drink. The TV wouldnt turn on. Henry didn't get to watch the show after all.
I ended up finding a similar person I didn't even know. The police found them and arrested them at a gas station. They ended up going my home confused.
She has one child. The father of the child is fighting for custody. Tim is paying Tina's lawyer to help her retain custody.
She found a bike she liked. She negotiated with the salesman for a lower price. She bought a new bike and felt great about her choice.
She bought a cheaper one, she decided to put them on at home. She slid her foot in and felt something strange. She found a baby snake inside the boot.
And the one in front of that one moved to do so as well. Jack honked his horn angrily, but it was no use. He learned an important lesson in patience and courtesy.
The girls bonded over things they both liked. Amy and Jane eventually talked about a cousin named John. hey realized they were sisters AND best friends!
It brought a stick back to her. She threw it again. This time the dog missed.
At the interview, the employer told her he couldn't hire her. Jenna found out it was because of her blue hair. She doesn't regret dying her hair such a strange color.
He stood up from his desk to get his blood flowing and gain energy. He walked by the windows and watched people come into his bank. When he got enough exercise he went back to his desk.
I had difficulty taking out the bread since it was stuck. When I took one slice out, part of it was left in the toaster. However, I ate the burned part that I took out.
His neighbor's car battery was dead. Bill had jumper cables in his car. With Bill's help, Ted was able to get his car started.
Then one day she snagged the arm of another sweater on a nail. The sweater ripped! Luckily, Ro's mom was able to fix it.
I practiced acting rarely. I was good on stage. But I never won any awards but still continued acting.
He didn't buy a ring, but set up a beautiful date! Sadly, while riding to the restaurant it decided to rain. Daniel decided to just get fast food in the car and Delilah said yes!
It was time for him to try morning tea. It must be delicious since his dad enjoyed it. After he tried some he couldn't understand how his dad could drink it.
She was, though, because she had absolutely nothing else to do, but there was nothing good on the television. Erica shut off the television. The rest of the day was filled with boredom for Erica.
He got eye surgery but his dad feared Mike wasn't being realistic. But then after high school, Mike went into pilot training. He proved his dad wrong, and made his whole family proud!
She put the money in a savings account and never touched it. After one year, she had earned enough to buy the car she wanted. Anna was so proud of herself and her saving ability!
He ran out of the groceries his mother had stocked up for him. At the store he put what he needed in the cart. He could not believe that it cost over $100!
A Muslim man told him to hand copy out the entire dictionary twice. The young man did this. This offended the person who stabbed him.
Her crush was snowed in, so she played in the snow and built a snowman instead. She placed a carrot for his nose and put a scarf on his neck. Leslie had a great time building her snowman.
He talked to therapists and religious leaders for help. John decided he liked Christianity the best. John converted and now his life had meaning.
He fixed up the place real nice all by himself for very cheap. After 10 years, Tom put the house on the market. He sold the house for over twice what he paid for it!
As they had every time before, the cupcakes came out perfect. As a result, she gave up on buying cupcakes. Now she makes her cupcakes every time.
An old man answered the door and greeted Ray. Ray told him that a storm was coming and he needed to evacuate. The old man looked at the sky, then vanished.
A church across the street was being demolished. Gina and her family tried to sleep. They slept as a wrecking ball slammed into the church.
Alex told Cole he could have just walked around it. Cole snapped back so Alex called his wife to have Cole picked up. After Cole was picked up, Alex decided to watch a movie by himself.
We returned on another trip, and while there, we saw the Liberty Bell. We took selfies with the Rocky statue. We had scrapple and took the train home.
One time somebody who looked like Will Smith walked into Guitar Center where I was working. Excited, I walked up to him and said, I'm so glad to meet you! He brightly smiled and said, I'm not Will Smith.
He was followed by a woman who came in with a severed toe. Finally, the nurse's ex-boyfriend came in. The nurse threw up her hands in disgust.
Months later Bob started to work on another project when he had money again. Bob went to the hardware store for more tile but they had none. Bob bought different tiles and hoped that no one would notice.
Will challenged him to a final game. Will practiced for days. He won 45 to nothing.
She stayed home and made some spaghetti with meatballs. It smelled delicious! Nina really enjoyed her delicious dinner.
Jim didn't think he'd be able to start his car anyway. The doors were frozen shut. He hoped the ice would melt by tomorrow.
As the game started, it was great that the Red Sox were winning. Jason and his friends cheered. When the Sox won at the end, Jason was elated.
They hid the cards in cupcakes. Then, they invited their friends over. When their friends saw their cakes, they were excited.
Nobody had seen Rufus anywhere, so Pedro let him keep hiding. As he was cleaning his house, he heard a bark. The barking got louder and louder until Rufus came out!
He decided to this year and spent a lot of time perfecting the costume. Halloween night he wore it proudly. Everyone loved it and gave him compliments.
But her boyfriend asked her what her favorite gift was. She thought about it for a moment. Then she decided that it was the new dollhouse.
Rob thought the game Toe Jam & Earl was going to be boring. To his delight the game was incredibly entertaining. He had a great time playing the game all weekend.
When he showed up, there were policemen and ambulances everywhere. It turned out his dad had a heart attack and Harry had to leave. Harry decided to go to a local restaurant after all.
She decided to try something new instead. To her dismay new flavor clashed with her toppings. Amy ended up eating it anyway.
They carried some clarinets in stock online. Laura reluctantly ordered one. She found it very enjoyable to her unexpected delight.
The coach made them practice twice a day to prepare. The boys were all exhausted but motivated. The hard work did not pay off in the end, and they lost to the rival team.
Despite all her money, she wanted to do something from the heart, so her sister helped her think of a great gift idea. Together they baked up dozens of tasty cookies. Li gifted each relative a yummy tray of treats!
He saved the stand, but less and less people bought bananas from him. He had a great idea of covering his bananas in chocolate. Now his business is better than ever.
All of them wrote back politely turning him down. He decided to submit a story using a female pen name. One magazine told him were going to pay him to publish his story!
But he quickly got bored, and decided to sneak and play Nintendo. He didn't hear his mother come in the back door. His mother was so furious she locked the Nintendo in her car trunk.
Richard puts up a good fight. Roxy utilizes her skills to her full potential. Roxy ended up winning $10.
His wife thought the game was over after the 3rd quarter. Tim looked at his wife is disbelief. They both started laughing at how silly his reaction was.
He was angry because he had just bought the car. Steve thought it was unfair and called the police. The police caught the culprit and he had to pay Steve for the window.
The contractor decided to get revenge. He poured a big load of cement onto the man's front door. The man was now trapped in his own house.
The dog's owner yelled for it to come to him. Robin wasn't sure what to do so she just braced herself. The dog jumped on her until it's owner retrieved it.
While cleaning out the pond, Henry felt a tickle on his leg. He looked down and saw that his leg was touching a plant. He yanked for a long time, and finally was able to free the plant from the soil.
I took zinc supplements for three months making me broke. It turns out that I was taking the branded one. I switched to a generic, which costs less.
The adults were so drunk. The children sneaked and sipped their champagne. The adults never knew what the children did.
She knows I am so distracted. Once she crawled into bed to take a nap. Now I talk on the phone whenever I want her to take a nap.
One day, a friend of ours decided to cook for us. He turned out to be really good. The food was amazing and we had a great party.
We added water and started digging in behind the guide's back. We found a lot of crystals. We brought them back and shared with our families.
He threw all his ingredients into the pot. The crowds arrived. Bill's chili was a hit!
Mimi was in such a hurry, she decided to try it after all. While skateboarding, Mimi fell and scraped her knees! Mimi vowed to wear knee pads while skateboarding from then on.
He made a small error overspending on the computer. It cost us $50 more. We joked about it.
This made Tony very proud. One day Tony brought his dog to a park. His dog actively played with other dogs as usual.
Then, he screamed at this boss, for no apparent reason. Richie felt terrible after he had his coffee. He went to apologize to his boss.
During a heated game, she felt like she had good cards. She had anxiously waited to see if the other players were still in. Karen screamed when the players stayed in and she lost all her money.
It was supposed to arrive in a day. Unfortunately Katy already dropped her phone. The screen cracked and it won't work right anymore.
Instead, he would recreate the test environment as best he could. He would practice in that environment. He noticed he performed better on tests due to this.
When he finished his walk, he went home. Then, he enjoyed his backyard. He got a suntan from being outside.
Diane went up on stage and began to sing. She sang the most horrible song she had ever sung. Diane won last place in the contest.
She succeeds in school and gets a great position somewhere else. She quickly works up the ranks. She now owns her own branch.
After a while, I got on my phone again and started browsing, and the articles were interesting, but made me sleepy. I started to fall asleep in my chair. I woke up and went to my bed.
I tried to get him to use a new exercise ball I bought. He grew to love it and started using it more. He started loosing weight pretty quickly after.
Her cat recovered from injury and started running again. The cat knocked a glass vase off the table. Bernadette was very sad the cat broke her grandmother's vase.
All of a sudden, they changed course. They pulled towards a different lane wanting to just visit the woods. They luckily found the woods.
I bought one for a future phone on the Internet and it will fit perfectly. I will test it out by dropping it and it probably won't have a stretch. I will be thrilled.
I found an old frozen steak in the fridge. I tried to give the steak over the fence to the dog. He ate it very slowly and it was finally quiet.
The scent was salted caramel. We loved the scent. We bought more of these candles on amazon.
She takes two more steps forward, into her mother's arms. Mama cheers for Lana's victory! Now Lana walks everywhere.
And now it's began ruining things too, because she just noticed it damaged her coffee table. But Cindy realized it was her fault. She didn't train it properly.
So they had a nice walk on the sand, followed by suntanning. When they were as warm as they could stand, they jumped in the water. They swam for hours and then drove home tired and happier!
He fell to the floor and didn't wake up for a few seconds. Troy did one hundred and one of them. Willie paid up and stopped making bets with Troy.
As she walked to a bakery, she saw a skinny kitten laying in the grass. She scooped the kitten up and took her home with her. Susan kept the kitten and enjoyed her new pet for many Year's.
Luke rode his bike to the barbershop. He got his haircut just a little bit. Luke looks like the same person!
We played extremely hard. Maybe next time we can do better. We ended up losing 7 to 1.
The essays were to be no more than five pages long. Max turned in a paper having written on it only the word this. Max got an A for having the best description of courage in the class.
Felix sat by a teacher and asked for help because of some pain. His knee began to swell up and the school nurse treated him. After a few hours, Felix began to feel a little better.
Dan looked at the time and saw how early it was. To start a fire he put on more kindling. Dan was warm enough to last until bed time.
She still called the fire department for the cat's safety The fire department was able to catch the cat down. The cat's owners were very thankful the cat was rescued.
When his son turned one, his son started having bad nightmares. Bill's wife begged him to stop playing the video games. Bill never stopped playing the games.
I started out by turking 10 days in a row and making about 30 cents. I kept at it doing a little every day and things began to add up. Now I turk almost every day and am making a lot of extra money.
At her local store there were no Kaboom on the shelf. She inquired with the manager what happened to Kaboom She was happy to find out they had been discontinued.
Last December, it was so hot, he finally had to wear shorts. But as soon as it was no longer over 70, he wore pants again. Nobody is sure how he does it.
He invited them both to his baseball game. He saw that they met each other and began talking. It looked aggressive and he was angry that they had begun talking again.
Her taxi wouldn't come. Sally called her friend Joe for a ride. Joe came 5 minutes later and was able to give Sally a ride to work.
In the middle he got a second wind. After a while he finally was able to finish. He celebrated with his sister.
I was happy for a long time. Then I realized the puppy was sick. I started to worry.
John's friends ate popcorn and drank soda and saw John leaving. One of the baseball players hit the ball straight at them. John caught the ball!
It was a great price at $150 for a table and 6 chairs. When the delivery man came to the door he was carrying a small box. Joe had ordered doll furniture and smiled!
The pass wasn't received by Nate and missed the shot. He knew that their team was losing the game. Nate didn't win the game and apologized to his teammates.
I had her pick up a few things for me too, and when she got back, I decided to have a can of ravioli. I heated the ravioli for 2-3 minutes before eating it. Afterwards, I decided to go to bed.
Everyone went home to get out of the heat. Tom stayed to play kickball by himself. Tom ended up having more fun playing alone.
They still had lots of dirty dishes in the sink. When it was time for dinner there were no dishes! Tyrone finally had to wash them.
In the afternoon, Anthony went skeet shooting alone. After he ran out of targets, he went back to his camp for lunch. He remained there for the rest of the day and read stories at night.
She decided today that she needed to organize things. She grouped together all of the series and books from the same author. When all the books were given good homes, she felt so much less stressed.
Ally felt a little uneasy going to the dance in a stolen dress anyway. A number of the girls at the dance commented how she was a stealer. They all thought she should go to jail.
He went back to the driveway and very carefully he changed the numbers on the signs. In the morning people believe the doctored signage. The teen laughed at the many car accidents that day.
She didn't want it to go to waste, so she tried to fix it. Using glue, she put it back together. She hung it on the tree and hid the cracked part.
It upset me that she didn't believe in me. This caused some problems and we split up. I found someone new who supported my dreams.
I jumped out of bed and ran to the kitchen. I flung the door open to let them out. They almost knocked me over on the way out, just to chase a squirrel!
She studied hard but didn't care if it was enough. When she took them she did well. She didn't care that she knew it.
But she was so tired, she slept tightly. Eva slept right through Mass. In the morning, she was sad that she had missed it.
They would always recycle together. They would stay after parties collecting cans. The money they got paid for the effort.
He hadn't cared about the speed limits. A police officer had seen him speeding by. Trevor got a lot of points on his license.
I opened my fridge, and noticed there was no room for my groceries. I began to clean out my fridge and put away my new items. After cleaning out the fridge, I had to take my trash out to the can.
He asked his family what they thought of it. His mom said that it tasted like urine. He immediately spit the juice out.
This was because The piano tuner told me the piano was ruined and could not be repaired. He tried to sell me a new one for a lot of money. I ended up buying one and giving the old one away.
While standing in a long line we played Heads Up to pass the time. My friend almost fell over backwards when the stone dragon breathed fire. This lead to a discussion about new Heads Up categories.
She immediately fell over. She walked as fast as she could out of the state park. Rita will now only go on the trails when she is with friends.
After they put on his sunscreen, Joe put the towel on the sand and sunned himself all day. Joe's back was solid red, because the ladies had forgot the sunscreen on his back. Joe had to sleep on his chest for a month.
Javi decided to buy an old car and fix it up. When he finished he drove it around town. Javi won praise and people complemented his car.
I found a cheap teacher on craigslist. Alas, he was not a good teacher. I fired him and hired a better teacher.
When he arrived at soccer practice, it was under 10 degrees. The coach heard there was a cold warning. So soccer practice was only half as long.
Their mom is really upset with all the complaining. She took away all their video games. They stopped complaining to get them back!
Last month, when Jill got a lawyer they started to listen. She got a settlement of fifteen thousand dollars. But all she wanted was an apology.
He tried to hire a yacht. But, it was already booked. Bob decided to go by plane and he actually enjoyed it!
Jenna was happy not to see melted cheese all over the main dish. She didn't want to hurt her friend's feelings by not being able to eat. She got enjoyed the meal and decided to be come back again next time.
At first she finds the habit tedious. But eventually she enjoys having more water. Liz is an alcoholic.
When the next album came out, she rushed out to buy it. By the time she got there, there were no more cds. They sold out in an hour.
Sue was panicky and scared and Jane had a hard time calming her. The child kept crying. 20 minutes later sue stopped crying and Jane had to wipe her tears.
He kept asking what these black things were all over her. She had fleas, how could he not know what fleas were? He is from Vegas, he said there are no fleas there, how crazy!
First we must measure the ingredients very carefully. Then we put it all in the big glass mixing bowl and stir it up. Mixing cookie batter is hard work but Grandma makes it fun.
Dylan finally found the perfect place! He spent the next few days booking his hotel and car. Dylan left for vacation the next day.
It was fine, since she had just gotten a big bonus at work. The next day, she decided to splurge on a big order of delivery Chinese food. She ate and enjoyed her chicken with broccoli and fried rice.
One night, Harry suddenly feared empty space outside. Harry went in, turned on all the lights, and spent his shift with them on. The next evening, Harry asked his boss for a second flashlight.
The guitar tech came out to do a sound check. He played a chord and it blasted out of the speakers in front of the lawn. My sons decided they would rather go down and sit on the lawn.
Despite what his doctors told him, Nick was still afraid he would have to spend his life bed ridden. After a few hard months, Nick's health started to improve. Nick was so happy to be healthy, he started running every day.
He then raised his two arms. When the thief put down the bag, a cop arrested him. The bag on the ground was brought for investigation.
His grandmother then offered a family ring with a lovely ruby. Doug accepted but was nervous because it wasn't the big diamond. Luckily, when Jan saw the ring, she was thrilled as ruby was her birthstone!
Lacy had a huge garage sale and sold tons of stuff. She used the money to organize the remainder of items in the garage. She was delighted when her car fit into the garage as usual.
Eli sat there with his mouth close, uninterested. The term meant something very, very inappropriate. Eli blushed and quickly closed that browser tab!
After a nice dinner, he handed her her gift. She opened the box and squealed with delight. It was soft, furry and friendly, and she loved it!
Estelle is a 40 year old black woman and Steve is black. Rita told us she would not date interracially because of her father. Everyone said Rita was foolish.
Her family arrived and couldn't believe how clean the house was. They spent all weekend enjoying her home. Betsy was shocked to see her house remain so clean.
Paco then took free lessons on how to ride the horse. He got really good at it and started bragging to his friends. Now everyone knows his ambitions as a rider came to fruition.
So they did rock paper scissors to see who picks the next one after the first one. The youngest won, and picked his favorite movie. The oldest child wouldn't watch it and was very mad.
One day her phone fell from her pocket out into the toilet sink Amy attempted to dry it and turn the phone on, but the screen stayed black. my's phone was broken and needed to be replaced.
For the first few minutes ray was nowhere to be seen. Finally Amy spotted him holding hands with another girl. Amy sat through the whole movie in a stunned silence.
One day he got into a fight at a bar. The other guy stomped and broke his foot. It ruined his career.
She brought her sisters but there was tension. Kourtney wasn't up for anything strenuous. Her sisters then got upset because they were bored.
Susan's family decided to sell her house. She was planning on moving to Florida to retire by the beach. The funeral will be held in a few days.
Her savvy friend came set up the new computer. He helped her get set up. Soon the computer was running faster than her old one ever did.
His brother had never played before. Before, they played four games, and his brother lost all four of them. Max decided he didn't like playing ping pong with his brother.
She decided she would call her friend Kim. Just then she saw Kim walking up the block. Amy ran to greet her smiling.
She kept getting more brown. Eventually her doctor noticed an abnormality. She had gotten the last stages of skin cancer quickly.
And as she approached the on-ramp signal stood red. Gina sat at the red light for 2 minutes before getting a green one. Finally she was able to get on the highway to drive home.
When he was in a room alone  Cal acted very badly. The teacher asked Cal why. Cal told him it was because he was new to the school.
Jon realized that his life was on a downward spiral. Jon wept openly, swearing to never commit a crime again. When released, he remained completely true to his word.
He put another bite of food in his mouth. Jamie was immediately relieved. The chef praised her food.
He caused no problems. They all wished they didn't have to give him up. They gave him to the pound.
Matt went to his local government assistance office. He applied for food stamps. Matt was able to afford to pay his rent with governmental assistance illegally.
Instead of letting Chad make it on time, an opponent smacked Chad. The coach called out on the person. He ended up getting ejected from the practice.
He began wondering how smart people think and act. He did his best to forget about it. He eventually felt mentally worse.
In the neighbor's mailbox there is mostly junk mail. She decides to throw it all away. Lucretia is confused that she checked the neighbor's mail today.
After going through treatment, she went back for a checkup and the doctor said everything is fine with her. The doctor gave her a lollipop and hand sanitizer. She was happy about the outcome.
When they sat on a bench he took her face. He kissed her. He kissed her.The two felt sparks.
Carla walked into the doctor's office. To her surprise Dr. Johnson was very gracious. She liked her a lot.
Lucy waved goodbye as the car drove off. She turned and realized it was just her and her grandparents now. She instantly felt bored again.
John started cramming for the exam again in the morning He studied as much as he could. John barely passed his midterm that morning.
Since two guards were running toward me, I protected the ball. My teammate, who was open, didn't see the ball and didn't run. He didn't score a touchdown.
They did not notice it so they looked all over the house, but they could not find the piece. Then, they saw a tail sticking out from under the couch. The dog had taken the piece!
One day, a plague came to egypt and many suffered. The queen called her advisors together and they made a plan. The queen's plan destroyed her kingdom.
When she was seen by the doctor, her blood pressure was taken. Her blood pressure was markedly lower than on previous visits. She knew the reason, and labor was induced.
Peppermints were his favorite so he ate all that he made. Skip started feeling sick later that day. He didn't eat candy for a week.
I saw my friends playing basketball together. Eventually, it started to rain outside. I watched them run home.
I packed all of my things. I said goodbye to my girlfriend. I started to fly to Eau Claire Wisconsin.
They decided to arm wrestle instead of play chess. The match lasted five minutes. They both quit and decided it didn't matter who was stronger.
Ike went to the school with his head held high. And there, he saw that other boys had long shaggy hair. Ike's hair was very stylish no matter how long it was
He started to watch the television through the window. The dog show came on the television. My dog started barking at the dogs on television.
One day, she decided to attend one out of curiousity. She realized that she loved celebrating Christmas. Rachel converted to Christianity.
Her dad sat in the kitchen eating a sandwich, was none the wiser. Lynn had never said  anything so funny. She decided she would tell a dirty joke again tomorrow.
He started mowing lawns to make up for the lost money. He went to the store to get his bike. Now all of his friends are jealous of his new bike.
He stayed up late reading books. He eventually went to sleep. He was very tired at school the next day.
It began to walk towards me. I checked it for a tag to find the owner. I got in touch with them and returned the dog.
I brought them home and got a recipe. I cooked the ingredients to the recipe. I enjoyed my meal of chicken curry.
ne day, Loki lost his favorite Teddy bear. Antonela found Loki's Teddy bear and gave it back to him. Now Loki loves Antonela as much as Antonela loves Loki.
She really wanted to attend a holiday party. Jill was disappointed and saddened by the news. Fortunately, a friend invited her to join them to a holiday party.
Her husband visited everyday and helped her move around. They were happy together and her husband was happy to take care of her. Then, after a few days she was ready to leave the hospital.
Ray turned around and headed to the ice cream store. But still, he was quite hot by the time he got there. Ray wished he had checked the weather forecast before walking.
I smiled at him and continued walking. The following day, I was walking down the same street. The same dog was walking with its owner along the street.
She realized how much of a metaphor they were for her life. Her poems were circulated all throughout her cell block. She was known all over jail for her terrible poems.
The maid found a cup full of old moldy milk. She figured that the cup was probably really gross at this point. So, she decided to just throw the cup out.
After he woke up, Jim couldn't find his phone. Jim was very sad and continued to search for the phone all day. He was happy to find out somebody had turned his phone in.
She went to the doctor and got diet pills. She now can fit clothes better. Grace also has more compliments in school.
After getting fired, he decided to apply to another company. The boss got impressed by Howard. Howard instantly got a new job!
She looked forward to every day she would get to yell bingo. She had all the numbers on her card. She yelled bingo at the top of her lungs.
Jill really wanted to ride it. Her mother gave her a dollar so she could ride a different ride. She picked a red airplane to ride.
I arranged the wood in the fire pit. I then lit the fire. Then we had an amazing campfire!
As Joe was giving his quarter to the driver he looked up. Al's mother was walking toward them. She had seen them through the window as she was passing by.
This haunted house was scarier than usual. She held her friend's hand through the whole house. At the end, she had had a scary, fun time!
The fish swam away and went down to the gravel. The snake slithered back out of the fish tank. Grabbed a mouse and devoured him.
While they waited for their food, she baked cookies for dessert. The oven overheated and lit the oven mitts on fire! Katniss ran to the kitchen and extinguished the fire.
She took the tests and was so nervous about  her grades. Her worry was for nothing, though, because she didn't need a degree! Taylor went home for the holidays happy and relieved.
Finally, his friend accepted the challenge and ended up winning Andy was very disappointed because usually he wins After a week of training Andy won against his friend.
She managed to fix herself up and go to her job interview. It was easy for her to present herself since she was refreshed. The boss thought of her as reliable and hired her.
People use to judge and ridicule Angela. She would get depressed and sad. Now Angela works as an accountant.
It always had its blinds down. A very large woman was sometimes seen inside. Patty was glad she had already sold one hundred boxes!
Walmart was having a mega sale! He filled his cart up, checked out, and went home. When he got home he got mad, he had forgot the paper towels.
He put the empty bottle on the shelf. The next customer in the store grabbed that coke for his meal. He opened it and it was empty and he was mad.
I had a really hard time caring for their dog as first. She missed her owners and gave me a hard time. Things got better with time and now I love my dog.
He had eaten 3 double cheeseburgers, large fries, and drinks. After eating, he made his way to the stadium. When the team lost, he ended this tradition.
He was so excited that he bought it soon as he could. Ronald ran back home with it but ended up tripping and breaking it. Ronald was angry with himself and had to walk back to the store.
His family returns from the rec center to find no meal. They decided to go to the buffet as a family. Julio is very happy his family is around.
Nancy got some hanging garden baskets. Before she knew it she had a variety of fresh produce. Nancy loved cooking with the results of her work.
We had to find a venue for the bazaar and luckily we did. My wife bough raffle tickets and she put the wreath up on our door. I hope we win some raffles.
Amy hadn't realized she had fallen asleep. She was upset her mother hadn't woken her up sooner. She snatched the phone from her and slammed the door.
Tom wanted to taste snow. Tom ate some snow. Tom had a lot of fun in Alaska.
His parents told him he would get a baby brother one day. One day Charlie's parents told him that they had very exciting news. Charlie will be getting a new brother in a few months!
We watched basketball for hours and had a great time. My girlfriend was at work and liked coming home to beer. Overall everyone enjoyed the day.
I remember the first time I fly, I decided to take medication first. It was supposed to calm my nerves. It calmed me too much and I slept through my alarm.
I searched high and low, all over the house. Finally, I found a stuffed animal that looked just like her dog. I had found the perfect Christmas gift.
Felicity really liked him, but he was married. She started dating someone, and he was jealous. Oliver got divorced and they finally got together.
Her first batch didn't look good. She heard her daughter opened the door and came to her. She let her daughter finish the cookies.
The rain had been coming down for three straight days. Vickie decided to move the entire family to higher ground. She was at ease since moving away from the hills.
Every time, his work was rejected. He decided to try one last time to get published. On his last visit, the publisher finally accepted his work!
At the end of his one day work week he still felt tired. His next work day was Monday, but he slept so long on Sunday night that he slept through his only day of work. While he slept, he dreamed about being rich.
Then had a mechanic look at his car. The mechanic told Tom how much it would cost him to get it fixed. Tom was very surprised at how much money it would cost.
He ate it while watching the TV. He was still hungry so he made some toast. He also ate that in front of the TV.
Steve was upset at first, but soon became more understanding. He studied and passed his taxi driver's test with no problems at all. Before long, he was earning money as a taxi driver, without needing his dad's help
There was always plenty of sand but no water. After graduating High School he applied for, & received, a job in L A. Today Paul goes to the pool daily.
His life at home was too hectic. He decided to make time to study and stay at the library. He was able to study and did well on the test.
However, he did not activate the antivirus and started downloading  games, a popup arrived and notified him of a virus. Jimmy tried to remove the virus but it destroyed his computer. Now Jimmy has to share a computer with his sister.
Sarah to go back to the flower shop and buy pot with a plant. She bought a rose bush and planted it in the pot. Two weeks later it had little pink roses blooming on it.
She landed on her knee which immediately started bleeding. She then began to cry upon seeing the blood. Ronald made her laugh by telling her she had just fallen on ketchup.
Ted panicked and ran to the other side to hide. As he hid, the streets filled up with violent protests. Ted ran the the embassy and then was flown out of the country.
I'm not a fan but still educate who is going to play. So far I've been really helpful. I've been more helpful than anybody else I know.
She asked for salted peanuts and got them. She ate them, and got fuller. Kim ended up needing to eat a lot of peanuts on this flight.
Her brother was proud of her. She was proud that he had noticed. Now she is back to feeling joy and fulfillment in her daily life.
There, he saw gorgeous mountain vistas. A guide even offered to take him up to Everest. Neil loved being so close to the mountains in China!
She decided to purchase a used iPad mini. It was in bad shape but it was all she could afford. In the end it was a great choice and she was happy.
Unfortunately, Ella can't catch the ball though. Her mommy practiced reading with her instead with her every day for a month. At the end of the month, Ella could read.
His parents said his little brother could sleep with them. His brother crawled into bed between his mom and his dad. He slept soundly the rest of the night, safe with his parents.
He once went to a nice Italian restaurant with his family. He decided he would order a pasta with a nice bolognese sauce. He was surprised that bolognese was not a fancy way to say bologna
Larry drinks a pot of herbal tea in the waiting room. Soon after drinking the tea, his sore throat subsides. Larry is happy he has done something about his sore throat.
When he came home, his feet were covered in mud. He stayed out on the front step and let them dry. Carter's mom decided to give him a towel to use rather than let them dry on their own.
She felt so bored and alone that day. Suddenly, she noticed a commercial for a local soup kitchen. But she was so drunk she couldn't go out and volunteer at a kitchen.
One of the children mentioned a tomato. She told him that was a great example. The teacher gave the student a gold star.
His shooting skills were terrific! Brian took second place at the competition. Brian decided to practice more so he could take first place next year.
My boss only likes to take certain people out to dinner. He has a group that he considers his inner circle. But since it's unfair, I did not appreciate my wife's joke.
Then decided to go to the zoo with her parents. A zoo keeper told her that they did not have any pandas. Chelsea was in tears for the rest of the day.
Luckily there was another dress shop across the street Rene walked in and saw a dress that was love at first sight. She decided to take it and was very thrilled with her purchase
He spent hours in there. Ed ended up walking out with over twenty different records. He won't say what discount he got, though.
As I watched the game it was actually quite boring. I had nothing to do. Finally I got to leave early.
They tumbled all the boxes down the stairs to save time. The boxes were a bit crumpled but still in good shape, but she was pissed. Pat collected everything on the ground floor and took it to the truck when she saw it happening.
She thought it would be okay since the weather was hot. The sun was so bright that the inside of the car  got too hot! Mary was happy  to find all the bunnies had not melted by taking them from the car to the fridge!
He claimed they couldn't corrupt his children's minds. He has criticized people who destroyed a few tvs in his lifetime. He has a tv now and watches it all the time with his children.
I grabbed my tools and worked hard on fixing it. I began to put the chair back together and it looked very good. I put my books on my desk and went back to work.
The phone was a surprise, so Kelly was not excited. Her mom came home that night with a bag. Kelly was jubilant ll when she saw it was actually phone.
The tall kids started finding many objects. After an hour, they were done. When they were done they won all the prizes.
His aunt heard about it and would like to come with him. Bob accepted happily and  invited his aunt. They went to the show and had the time of their life.
It made him sick, and he spent half of his trip resting in bed. He turned out to be the least resilient of any of his friends. David no longer thought he could eat whatever he wanted.
He was glad to get that done, because earlier he had thought he put it on the table and it wasn't there. He looked back in his truck and it wasn't there either. He was relieved when he saw the check was laying on the ground.
She decided to go anyway and was terrified to look down. She made sure her harness was double-checked for security. Angela counted to five and soared to the next platform.
And, I decided to rest my feet for a few days. I've avoided walking and have been massaging my feet regularly. The pain is still there but I think it is starting to diminish, thanks to the insoles.
Lewis saw something on the floor and picked the object up. Lewis noticed that it was a shiny silver dollar. Lewis decided to keep the lucky silver dollar.
Steve got encouragement from his friends to ask her to hang out again. Steve gathered courage and asked Tina to study together that night. Tina said no and soon they stopped seeing each other!
He watched as someone ate five pies in 20 minutes. His friend Tyler ate six pies in 20 minutes. Reece was happy about Tyler winning.
When the waiter handed the bill, everyone was silent. No one did anything until my aunt took out her checkbook. She felt angry since no person offered to split the bill.
He went to get the prescription. They made him wait two hours. When he saw the pharmacist, he got the medicine.
Wendy didn't pay attention when the coach explained the rules. She surprised herself by shooting the ball when her turn at shooting came. Then, Wendy heard laughter as she scored the basket.
Suddenly, he dropped it. It landed to the floor. When Max picked it up, his hands got covered in snot.
He did not know if his manners were adequate! His mom convinced him he was fine. Jim had a great dinner and was exceedingly polite!
I bought a dress and high heels. My dress was blue with sparkles. My date loved my dress.
He found the leaking pipe. He fixed the leak. Bob got a beer to celebrate.
They could not figure where to get some water. Finally they all agreed to get some water from the lake. Everybody had a wonderful time drinking fresh water.
I went to the store anyway with my debit card. I walked inside and tried to buy a playstation 4. Unfortunately, my card was declined for fraud alert.
She froze for a brief second. However, he lied to her and said that her face is pretty. She immediately blushed.
As he starts running, he finds himself becoming stronger. Finally Jasper is in a local marathon. He is happy that he successfully completed it.
Suddenly a rainstorm woke him up. Ed was glad he wasn't driving. He waited until it was safe before he drove off.
He was nervous because he didn't have a date for the fance. Thankfully a girl he liked was going alone. They went to the dance together and had a good time.
They filled their bags with the rocks Their bags were so full that they couldn't make it to the surface. After emptying their bags almost all the way, they made it out.
Joy got a boy and named him Pippin. Beth got a girl and named her Sweet Pea. The puppies have spent many hours together over the last year!
He was determined to make something of himself. He changed his habits. Cal eventually earned his GED.
They started unpacking all the food. They relaxed after a long day. The Miller family celebrated with a swim in the pool.
He was acting unusual compared to his usual self. Amy thought for sure she overreacted. She decided he would call her tonight for sure.
Last month, I decided I was going to use two gift cards. I could not decide what to buy and I did not use either card. I hope I can use all of my gift cards before they expire.
At the theater he found out he didn't have enough money to buy popcorn. Someone behind him gave him some popcorn. Kendall was so happy that a stranger would be so kind.
Everyone unpacked their belongings and stayed. However, all of us decided to meet up inside my aunts house after the picnic. They had a great time at the house.
They were not able to afford much. The Roberts decided to still have fun meeting people. It was as much fun as any previous vacation.
She expected lavish gifts from him on Valentine's Day. On Valentine's Day morning, he told her not to cook dinner that night. He took her to the most expensive restaurant in town and gave her a new ring.
The next time they went hiking, they traveled down a complex path. They became tired and turned around. They got lost in the mountain and lost their way.
Later, she drank an extremely sweet soda. Amanda tried her best, but the taste made her sick. She ended up throwing the whole drink up.
She took pain medicine to make her back feel better. The medicine started working so she felt much less pain. She was able to take a beautiful sunrise picture.
One day the books were gone. My mom removed them and fined me. I was very angry at my mother.
Last week, Emily got mad at her brother for barging in. She yelled at him for a whole hour. Emily's brother learned his lesson about talking too much.
He learned this was because there was a free health screening. John decided to go into one of the trucks and get his hearing checked. He was happy to learn he had perfect hearing.
She had the same teacher as the last year. She assumed all the same people would be in her class. She was shocked to see half of the class was new students.
I spent the entire off season working on cricket then. I would do sprints almost every day. The following year I made the cricket team instead of soccer.
She fed it and it clung to her so she brought it indoors. Unfortunately I told her that I hate cats. She understood so she returned the can to the shelter.
He argued for a while saying he didn't have to go. His parents agreed, so they started the drive. Before the first stoplight Keith had to pee.
They decide to wait in front of the theater for tickets in 2 months. When they get there, they see a line of campers. Jasmine and her dad were able to wait and got tickets.
She wanted  to win really bad. She got very lucky and won! She now had bragging rights over everyone else.
It fell off a balcony. It was hurt but got better. Sam was more vigilant from there on out.
His latest project asked him to build a box. Bob thought he would make a bad box. Bob ended up not making any box in class!
Her friend was sad to hear that Shirley wasn't dating. She asked to make Shirley's online profile. Then Shirley made the profile instead.
He was stopped by the cops the next day. They did not find him suspicious and let him go. Bill went on a lot of vacations with the money.
She knew her family wouldn't like him. Ivy never invited her boyfriend to Thanksgiving dinner. Her boyfriend was angry she wouldn't let him meet her family.
She came upon a sign that told drivers to proceed since the exit was closed. She ended up going to the next exit. Overall, she ended up being even more late to work, than usual.
She needed to save up for a house down payment. She started following a financial advisor. She was able to turn her life around.
I put the remains up for sale on eBay. I made $59. I went back to the garage but found nothing else.
She was assigned to a task with me in 2008. She asked if I could recall the project. I kept the clock in my home and now I always remember her.
All of the book stores were selling them for over a hundred dollars. Finally yesterday I saw a book on Amazon for four dollars. I scooped it up and didn't care it was cheap.
During her first ride, a horse got scared and kicked her. Her leg needed 3 reconstructive surgeries. Susan will not go horseback riding again.
Her mom was reluctant but figured it was just one cat. A week later, the cat gave birth to kittens. The humane society was then the owners of 8 cats.
Her friends want to swim rather than to ride a roller coaster. They dared her to go deep. She went deeper as she aslo loves swimming.
She was a bit thirsty for some water too. So she got up for water and came right back down fast. She fainted and was found by her husband.
Bob had to board the plane with a hazmat suit and hide it from the passengers. On the plane, Bob fell and his suit fell out. Now Bob is forced to remain on the ground.
He went to the toy store and looked at all the toy animals. Finally, he decided to buy a toy monkey. He took the toy monkey home, and they soon became best friends
Suddenly he noticed a weird white sack attached to it. Then, a huge black bug came out of the sack. The bug crawled away and Tom lost his appetite.
She was crying as she explained to the officer. He smiled and offered her something to eat. Lucy hungrily ate the candy bar and soda the officer gave her.
His mom was making caramel apples when he had them all open. She dipped the apples into the melted caramel. He got to eat one right away as a reward for his hard work.
She would still try the motions with her hands. She fell and hit her head a few times. Sue stopped tying to do cartwheeld.
Tim took a huge bowl of it. The taste was so terrible. Tim realized that sometimes ice cream is not a good thing.
She ordered spaghetti and meatballs from a restaurant. Angelina at her dinner rapidly. She was pleased with the taste and it satisfied her hunger.
There was also wallet, and she dug through it. She found an ID and figured that she could turn it into the owner. Instead, she decided to keep it for herself.
It was her boyfriend. Kelly kept sleeping. However her parents found out and called the police.
Then she remembers she has nail polish, since she forgot to paint them this week. Roxy picks out a color to paint her nails. Now her nails are beautifully painted.
Then, his little brother spilled his soda and the dog ate his sandwich. Cole's parents saw what happened and gave him five more dollars. Cole went back to the store for another sandwich and a soda.
I cried all the time because I was unhappy. My grandparents called to talk to my mom. I moved in with mom's boyfriend
He went to his friend and asked what to get. He bought some controllers and some video games. He decided if his son doesn't like one, he'll like the other.
He noticed his neighbor's trash spilled. Ted walked over and cleaned up the mess. After cleaning the mess, Ted put his trash in the neighbor's can.
The next year, he picked all of his peppers, and Ian went to his kitchen to make sauce. The sauce tasted hotter than in previous years. Ian needed a minute to cool down after tasting it.
He knew that it is too expensive. Jasper respects their complaints, and never uses the air conditioner any more. Eventually, he moves out.
He was about to check his phone when his boss called him. He had to work overtime tonight. Sam was unable to unwind down from work like he had planned.
The next time she was supposed to babysit, Nelle decided not to go and babysit after all because her nephew was sick. She did not want to get sick herself! Nelle's aunt was unhappy, but she understood Nelle's concern.
After buying groceries, she went home, and Susan went inside to find a lot of her things missing. Upset, she looked down and found the thief's dropped wallet. The police were able to quickly track him down and get her stuff back.
There was banging noises coming from the upstairs apartment here as well. For the first time, Alfred cared about who lived up there. When he went to check he saw the police removing his dead neighbor.
Jim took him to the vet. The vet said the dog looked terrible. Jim got rid of the dog.
She really loved it and wanted to wear it so confidently. When she got home she saw a magazine article about lipstick. It read, Hot Havana Red the prostitutes signature, Jane felt so sad.
Tho, my friend Tina thinks I'm an artist. She would like to sell my creation online. I think some people fail to see the beauty in my creation.
But he was able to get someone to fill in for him, so Lana picked out a dress. He took her to dinner first. It was the perfect first dance.
The computers had a game called Oregon Trail. Amy was new to computers so she got easily distracted. She played the game exclusively afterwards until she won.
A year later, we took our camper and stayed in a campground. The kids had a blast swimming and fishing. We were not ready for the vacation to be over.
While having a trainer is expensive, Julie is happy with the results from the book. She finds herself becoming much stronger than she thought possible. Julie sends the book author a special thank you note.
At first he thought prison was a waste of time. But then it started helping him. In the end, Karl was grateful for the correction.
Luckily, I worked from home. I worked on my laptop inside. I had a hot chocolate while working and it warmed me up.
She bought an at-home glycolic acid skin peel and applied it. After an hour, she rinsed it off and checked her skin in the mirror. To her pleasure, Tora saw that her fine lines had been diminished!
He put the homemade batteries in a toy car. The toy cars raced for a long time. The blue car stopped, which meant the experiment was over!
As soon as he saw this, Jay began to feel ill. He tore the letter in half and threw it on the ground. Jay looked at it and pick it up with great effort.
He was going to make scrambled eggs and toast. He was in the process of making the perfect eggs and toast. The breakfast was a total masterpiece.
He begged her not to. They had been together for many years. Jane understood that their relationship held sentimental value.
When I finished I bought Madeleines and ate them. I only remembered part of the first book, which featured Madeline cookies. I was happy to have delicious cookies.
They took their time, but Beth still slipped once and scraped her knee After several hours they finally made it to the top. It was very dark and they can't see anything.
She got to experience swimming with dolphins. She said it was terrible. She brought back a photograph of her kissing the dolphin on its nose.
He finally got some clients and was working one day when suddenly the person he was trailing noticed him. He asked him what he was doing and complained to the client. Trent ended up losing his good reputation in the field.
Josh got a tutor that helped him very much, and soon his reading improved. Josh felt much better about himself, and his grades got better, too. Josh was very grateful to his tutor for helping him.
At lunch he opened his bag to get his chips. His folders had crushed all of Ed's chips. Ed had to eat the destroyed chips for lunch.
The young child was curious and asked multiple questions about the gorillas. Brandon and a zoo employee gladly answered each questions. The young child left with a great deal of knowledge about the gorillas.
She had hoped to get a great grade on it. She stared at the test page and cried. Lucy had a terrible time.
The company refused to pay a fair wage for JD's stories. JD became angry with the company. JD no longer submits his writings to that company.
He didn't have time to shower and go to the mechanic. He ended up rushing to school without a shower. That day, everyone avoided Jim.
Her friend Kim was happy. So was Amy. She decided she would rather lose bacon, than lose a friend.
The rink was very crowded and full of kids. Someone got on the ice but slipped and fell. Thankfully I they back up and was okay.
That day some dogs got into the woods with Gretchen. They chased her and bit her until she became very exhausted. Gretchen's family was devastated that the dogs almost killed Gretchen.
Everyone who worked there was on a diet. Eva didn't sell more cookies than anyone else in her troop. Eva didn't earn a nickname.
Fanny started to become jealous of the attention he gave it. She finally told him it was her or the cat. He choose Fanny over the cat of course.
Suddenly, she felt wet. She learned she had peed on herself. She had to walk home in shame.
Ash attended wanting to confront her fear of horseback riding. Ash was terrified at first but came around and enjoyed herself. She quickly realized that horses weren't scary animals at all.
Her friend Tami stayed by her side all night. Gina introduced the cool kids so Tami could talk to them. Gina decided one more sleepover couldn't hurt.
Alas, they tasted terrible. Then I decided to order some chicken wings for takeout. They were incredibly tasty!
She had nothing else to occupy her time. When she wasn't reading the book she was bored again. She returned to the library to finish reading the book she'd started.
He turned back and asked Yan if he looked at his pants. Yan looked down. He immediately realized that his zipper was wide open.
He did and then he bought me a Vodka Redbull. I later realized he was still trying to pick me up. Overall I'd say it was creepy.
She was expecting a cute box with a bow. In the box, there should be a ton of cute baby clothes. Maria called the gifter and told them the box hasn't arrived yet.
He waited patiently for a fish to nibble his line. He finally felt a tug and snapped his fishing pole to hook the fish! He was so disappointed to see he had only hooked some garbage.
Unfortunately her mom left the turkey in the oven too long. It was badly burnt, and the main course ruined. Melissa decided to  host next year.
The day is finally here. They have decided to wear three identical outfits. They have a good time with their friends in Salem MA.
I rescheduled it next week and It will be very exciting and informational. I decided that I would really like to study geology. I am going to enroll in my local college for geology classes.
Steven bent down and was startled by a girl jumping out from under the covers! She was just trying to ask him to look for monsters under  the bed. Steve told her to stop messing around and to make her bed.
Students wrote in and tell why they hated everyone. Then he offered salient, helpful advice. Mac loved writing"I Hate Everyone Here.".
Next month after recovering, his quarterback threw him the ball. He caught it in the end zone. He won the game.
In chemistry class he fell asleep at the new school. While sleeping he moaned, I love chicken bacon ranch so much. His teacher kicked him out of class and he was suspended.
This schedule also just felt better for him. Rob realized that this was hurting his ability to find a job. Rob had to adjust to a more typical schedule.
She was so excited! She dressed up and waited eagerly for him at the door. When he entered, everyone cried with joy!
She went the next day, and once the artist starting drawing, it did not hurt. When the artist was done, a pretty flower was on her arm. Julia was thrilled with the result.
After they were finished with the applications, the manager came. She picked up their applications off the table. The kids left as soon as the manager took them to the back.
Sam still planted the seed in a pot. Sam waters the seedling every day. Sam now has a tomato and a plant!
I had to clean it up. Coffee went all over my shirt. I had to turn around and change before work.
Jackson was questioned by the host of the party about stealing. Jackson lied and said he took it accidentally. Jackson now lives with the guilt of being a liar and thief.
On a sunny day, he was hunting and heard something crackling. He realized he was being chased by a bear! He got away, but remembered why he hated hunting after that incident!
The driver accused Jim of trying to steal the cat. He called the cops on him. As a result, he fell out of the tree.
Gale managed to corner it in the lobby. The cat yelped and got back in the carrier. Gale tried to comfort the cat, and took back to the exam room for its shots.
She didn't offer to trade her sandwich for Frannie's. Frannie didn't swap. The were both happy with the sandwiches.
He shook his hands and feet. His friend Jay was sad that he didn't know how to do it. Fortunately, Tim was nice enough to show him how.
Jonathan was intimated by his father throughout the match. Jonathan was able to beat his father in record time. Jonathan claimed his title as chess master.
Then a doctor gave her some medicine to take with her tea. Jo took her medicine and rested for a few days. Jo woke up a few days later and felt even better.
But, my aunts pipes froze. She'll be staying at our house while everything gets fixed. Unfortunately that may take weeks.
Cara asked her husband to go get snacks. Cara's husband bought the wrong thing. Cara decided she'd have to write what she wanted on paper from now on.
My niece is a big fan of Frida Kahlo. I had not heard of her until my niece told me. She intend to go see the painting soon.
Amy was partially glad as she knew Beth would want to talk about Ray. Beth had been upset that Ray had called her. Amy had no idea why he'd called her, but she didn't want to think about it anymore.
Then it turned out he was framed, so he was set to be released, so Ben collected his things and left the jail. He looked around outside, shocked by the changes. Freedom was intoxicating but strange after all that time.
My friend let me get in trouble. I talked to her after detention. We were still friends.
Every day, Mike fed the turtle. One day Mike came home to find the turtle had died. Mike's mom told him that it wasn't his fault.
June's job was to pick out some fun socks. She was running out of time to pick something. Luckily, the teacher found the perfect pairs right in time.
But as the day grew into night, it grew darker outside and became harder to see. But then the full moon rose, illuminating the sky. Ken was able to keep reading in the moonlight.
As he accepted his diploma at the hospital. While leaving, Roy turned abruptly to walk off the sidewalk with his clothes caught. His robe ripped off in front of the doctors
She had pulled over to change a tire. I need to get new tires she thought. Suddenly a truck hit her car as it drove by.
Until she once met a man who used her. Mona finally found out one hurtful thing. What was always inside her, was just a savage beast.
Later, she began by cleaning plates, and then continues by cleaning glasses. Finally she finished cleaning the dishes. She slept soundly after a long but enjoyable day.
He slightly glanced over towards Drew with a confident smile. The teacher noticed that brief moment. He told Dan to bring his test paper to him and he gave him an F.
He went to a friends house to bake some. He was talking with his friend and forgot the cookies in the oven. By the time he pulled it out, it was hopelessly burned!
He called up his mother for money. His mother gave him cash. Roger smiled.
His friend, Jordan, offered to help. Jordan gave him some advice. Fred used it and designed the website.
It took me about a year to even remember I had the game, it wasn't worth it. Having a little world full of nice animals and building a home sounded fun, but I couldn't get interested. I forgot about that game.
When he came home, he had three bags of groceries. Mandy smiled at him. She made a mental note to send him to the store every time.
Before they lost the rat boils appeared over their bodies. Harry's baby sister fell very ill and died. Harry realized the rat brought the plague and if it came back he would flush it down the loo.
Edward had all the ingredients he needed to make lasagna. Edward followed the recipe to make lasagna. Edward enjoyed the lasagna dinner that he had cooked himself.
She decided that she would do her best. She was well prepared. She sighed in happiness and swore to always study beforehand.
I got my jeep stuck between two boulders. Luckily my friend was there to pull me out. I decided to never go off-roading without a friend.
She got to go on a field trip with the school. She was nervous she had no friends to go with her. Marsha learned a lot by going on the field trip.
She decided to help them tape the beach balls one on top of the other. They borrowed a hat from their dad's closet. Jamie gave them a giant marker to draw the nose for the finishing touch.
He had to have some construction work done in his loft. He left his heap watch on his nightstand. After the construction workers left he noticed his watch was missing.
His second stop was to be the post office where he'd wait half the day. Feeling hungry, he wanted to stop at the patty shop for a patty and juice. Donovan bit into his tongue and knew the trip to town was not worth it.
He drank the entire cup. Afterwards Timmy started to sweat profusely. He had consumed too much caffeine earlier.
I started going to the prison library to hang myself. Eventually, I was stopped and helped by a guard. When I was released from prison I went on to become successful and thankful to that guard.
Lucy would have liked a bowl of ice cream. She would have to wait until tomorrow. Her grandma would then let her have two bowls of ice cream to cheer her up.
Then he noticed another dog sputtering nearby! Rick hurried into the pool and pulled the dog out. The dog was so relieved, he cried with gratitude!
I ordered a spicy enchilada, extra hot. The chef's just laughed at me when they hand me my enchilada. I now have blisters on my tongue and a nuclear war zone in my stomach.
Eric loved being a preacher's kid. Every Saturday he would try to devise a way to get to church. Every Sunday he would be sitting in the front row because of his efforts.
They are usually over two hours long. I wouldn't be able to make it through. She was happy that her sister could and it was always worth it, though.
He knew he could not make pancakes or sausage or anything! He had idea about bringing her cereal in a bowl! But then he thought that would be the worst birthday breakfast she could ever have.
They thought their friends that lived an hour away would also be spared. Unfortunately they were wrong. All of them died tragically.
She called her cousin Amy instead. Lucy felt family came first so she decided to spend time with them. Amy wanted to take Lucy to a party but Lucy wanted to stay home with her family.
He went around smelling and touching all of the dishes. Soon after Mark became really hungry. He quickly realized he craved all the dishes.
Then one day he had a bad car accident. He had injured himself and another person. Gil now speaks publicly about the dangers of eating and driving.
I spilled my soda on my pants. We disturbed all the people around us. Luckily, we immediately found a cab.
The professor that gave a seminar in science and society was there. The professor offered us beer at the party. I had a Coors.
They promised never to lose the wedding rings on their hands. After the marriage, they opened their eyes. They hugged each other and went outside to play.
She was looking for her dad. She had no idea how she'd get dry quickly, but he was holding her up. She smiled politely and began her journey.
Craig felt sad it was a tradition they never missed. He decided to honor that tradition by giving extra candy to kids that came knocking. Craig's sons went trick or treating with him the following year.
Mikey tried to stop her from eating it and he began berating the waiter. Other people noticed and scolded him. It became such a mess Mikey decided to leave.
The wind shifted and Barry saw flames in the distance. Barry called out the alarm to the incident commander. The personnel all evacuated safely due to his diligence.
The phone finally rang and she was told that she won! She got to shop at her favorite store. Sally bought $600 worth of clothes.
I decided on getting Panda Express. I got the number and ordered my food. Twenty minutes later, my food arrived at my house.
Sally overheard me telling the story and laughed. Later I heard Sally telling her friends that she had found my marbles! I asked her about the marbles, but she wouldn't return them.
He got better and then got straight A's on his first report card. One day he failed at playing chess. He kept practicing until he was good at that too.
Her other excursions got cancelled and Sherry wanted to try something new. She saw a poster for snorkeling and decided to go for it. She couldn't believe all the beautiful fish that were in the water.
Last night she pooped on the bed. Luckily it was a dry stool. My wife yelled at the cat.
My Dad and I decided to try them out. We played until 10 o'clock Thanksgiving night. I couldn't believe the amount of people I saw playing online!
Billy reached around inside the house to find the light switch. When he flipped it on, nothing happened. He replaced the light bulb and he could once again see.
A week later he lost it again and then he remembered that a substitute bus had been used one day. He went out of his way to track down the other bus. After carefully searching it, he found the lost monkey!
A man tried to rob them. Billy Joe shot him. Billy Joe was arrested for murder.
He decided he'd continue to practice to do it again. He practiced harder than he ever did in his life. The next game, he hit the biggest home run ever.
He opens her door and a puppy runs in. The puppy jumps and licks his face. Helen falls in love.
He decides to investigate, gets out his chair, and grabs his flashlight before opening the front door. As he walked outside, there was loud rattling of the bushes. A giant muskrat leaps out and scares him.
A huge turtle was caught, struggling to get out of it. Jim Bob stomped on its neck, breaking it. He wears its shell around his neck in memory of the delicious stew it made.
He took a train to Sofia and took tours from there. In a few weeks, he had seen a dozen horses. Neil was blown away by the beauty of the horses in Bulgaria!
Sometimes they break me, though. After weeks of trying I'll give up. They go on the top shelf as the teasers that bested me.
Ben ran to the kitchen to get some pop tarts. He fed one to the gecko. Ben watched the gecko eating the pop tart.
She looked inside. Becoming frantic, Mother noticed her children were giggling. She realized her glasses were on top of her head.
One of his best friend helped and shaved his head for him instead. The friend took the electric razor and was finished in two minutes. Tim sat there, stunned at his new look.
His mother cleaned all of the counters and appliances. Finally, she swept the floors. With the kitchen clean, she was able to relax.
She bought ingredients including cinnamon. She mixed them all up. Jen then burned the cookies.
One child saw this action and was drawn to the monkey. The kid felt like he should reward the monkey for the entertainment. The kid threw some of his food over the fence to feed the monkey.
Kelsey did not know who to pick for her new date. Her mom helped Kelsey choose. Kelsey chose her best friend.
She didn't lift weights. She didn't eat healthy things and drank sodas. She was unhappy when she lost the competition.
I completed an application for Appen. Then the application guided me to write a story. I wrote a short story, and completed the application.
But she was still not a great speller Sarah missed two words and made a B on her test. She vowed to study even harder in the future.
Next year he went again and Bill offered Pam a hot cider, which she accepted. Soon thereafter, Pam began to feel dizzy. Falling to the ground, she realized the cider was drugged.
Since the chips were spicy, I ended up sweating. Although mom asked if I was okay, I pretended to be fine. However, I immediately ran to the water foundation a minute later.
She consulted the map to find her class. On the way everyone paid any attention to her. She was happy since that meant she was standing out.
Nell enjoyed the project, matching music notes to the letters. When she came to the letter X, Nell was stumped. The teacher was impressed that Nell drew a xylophone.
Elliot decided to go to college for dancing. After he graduated, he became very famous. Now his friends are even prouder of him for dancing!
Each of his friends gave him something from their lunch. He got half a sandwich, some grapes, some chips and a juice. It was even better than the water he left at home.
Determined to see the reef, she saved all of her money. Once comfortable she saved enough money, she booked a vacation. Two Year's later, she spent her vacation exploring the reef.
She opened the window to let the breeze in. It was still too hot, so she turned on the air conditioning. After a few hours the room was no longer hot.
She came across a creek that she had to walk through. She fell in the creek and was gently washed by the water She felt really cold the climate was really chilly.
He searched every store and no one carried fresh milk. Chip went home and milked his own cows. He charged people big money for this very fresh milk.
In his heart, he couldn't make himself say goodbye. Besides, the salesclerk might tell him they couldn't accept his donation. He happily kept them at home.
They went shopping. They watched the game of Chicago Bulls vs Boston Celtics. They always have a great time catching up.
Ethan went back home. He saw that he was wrong about what day his appointment was for. He scheduled a new appointment.
One of his audiences thought he was a thief. They accosted him and held him for the police. Mike was released but never went back to Los Angeles.
The hill became too steep for him to hike without risk of falling. He was sad to have to turn around. Climbing gear was always brought on his future trips.
The other two laughed rudely. The one who fell was sad. After the show she went to the hospital by herself.
He found another stove for a good price. He bought it and brought it home. He now has a new stove that he loves.
The car stopped on me just blocks from the house. I had to walk the rest of the way. Now I have to go get a tow truck to tow the stranded car.
There seemed to look like instruments coming out right after my luggage. I noticed a group of young men come and collect the items. I had been on the same flight as the International Noise Conspiracy!
Her English teacher let her know that she needed to read a book. Mary spent the next two weeks speed reading the book. On the first day of school, she was ready to participate in the work.
Her teacher made her keep track of reading minutes. She had to keep a log. Camryn makes up fake numbers for her log.
He practiced at home until he was ready for the next year's tryouts. He went to the tryouts and hit every ball. The couch immediately put him on the team.
She put the castle into its cage before she went to bed. In the morning, there was nothing left but shreds and plaster dust. Guinea pigs do not appreciate fine architecture.
He opened the envelope containing that day's code. Inside was a coupon for half-off the price of a sandwich. Belatedly, he realized it was April Fool's Day.
He found some baby ants crawling around their nest. Sam scooped up the baby ants. He placed them in his neighbors yard.
They day of the presentation he forgot his notes He went up and did a terrible job. He even forgot to zipper his pants
Some inhaled too much smoke and began to see things. One man thought he saw a person dancing in the fire. He thought that it looked like a great place to dance.
Joanna wasn't paying attention to where she was walking. Joanna fell into a puddle of mud. Joanna felt embarrassed as she felt all eyes on her.
One day his dad tripped on a lego walking down the stairs. He broke his neck and is a cripple now. Jimmy never forgave himself for it.
The all sat on the couch. Then, one friend went in to the kitchen to get snacks for them. They enjoyed being able to watch the movie together.
They huddled lower in the bushes, afraid because they weren't being quiet. The Jehovah Witnesses stopped at their hiding spot. They breathed a sigh of resignation, and couldn't resume their morning jog.
Ray started at the top aisle and worked his way down. He was able to find everything he needed. Once he had it all, Ray went home.
He saw his bully named Val and she knew there would be a confrontation between them. She ran very fast to her home and she was happy to be safe now. Ali was so exhausted from the time she fell asleep on the couch.
When he got a new pencil and was done with the outline, he showed it to me. It ended up being my face on top of a banana. I ripped the page and threw it away.
Occasionally, students would sneak and play with the bunny. One day, Sam fed the bunny french fries. The bunny became sick and was removed from the class.
Their family was growing soon. Finally the baby game, it was a girl they named her Elsa. Elsa added excitement to their lives.
I prefer to have fresh veggies in my salad. At the market I was able to find everything I need. I left the farmers market to go make my salad.
She requested to take the next day off because of her headache. She drove home and took a hot shower. She took an advil and fell asleep.
I tried to catch it but it was too fast. He would dig at the dirt with his claws. He would also tear into my prize winning flowers.
I found it sitting in the dumpster at the fire station. It broke my heart to get rid of it. I sold because few use that technology any more.
Jen goes to school. The school principal calls to complain about what Jen is wearing. When Jen's get home her mother she grounds her for a month.
When she calls the police the officer arrests him. She learns that her son has been committing crime using her name. But not before he spends 3 days in jail and she writes her son off.
June called a friend that loved cats. Her friend came and walked over and picked up the kitten. She ended up keeping the kitten.
I went back next week and a large eel darted out after me. Lucas grabbed the eel and wrestled with it. The eel swam away after biting off a chunk of Lucas' arm.
The night she decided to go out in a tight dress someone walked up to her and offered her money. Tracy gladly accepted and walked away. Tracy was perplexed when the man ran after her in anger.
But, she waited for days to see a hummingbird. Luckily, the two showed up when she had almost given up hope. Anna was so happy to see the little red-chested birds again.
Dave felt glad that he was wearing a mask. The teller handed over the money and put a note with it. The note said he hoped to see him at Halloween.
However, after a week, I realized that the phone had terrible service. I tried to ask for a new phone but my boss told me no I got angry and smashed the phone on the floor.
I didn't mind for a while but after a few months it got tiresome. I was excited when I recently got a better paying job. The extra money would help me add healthy variety to my diet.
Bob was tired of washing his clothes at the laundromat. Bob researched new washers and found the prices far too expensive. Frustrated, Bob knew his only choice was the laundromat.
It got really overweight from being spoiled so much. Nancy eventually realized the dog had to lose weight. She started feeding him less treats and a healthier diet.
Amy was thrown around the car and was okay. She was rushed to the hospital, where doctors checked on her. They ended up keeping her hospitalized for three days.
As she bit, part of Kerry's tooth broke. She rushed to the dentist. She had to have emergency dental surgery to fix her tooth.
Beef, spices, and his new dehydrator. But he looked at the package of meat. It wasn't beef he bought it was lamb!
On Christmas Day, Jay received a very large box. Curious, she unwrapped and opened the box and took out the contents. She found three gift cards taped to the bottom of the box and laughed, at least it was to her favorite store.
At home, her child accidentally pulled on one of the hangers. The entire set of clothes in the closet collapsed on her. Tina quickly rushed to get her.
Donald was able to get into a chemo therapy. His cancer began to clear up with the treatments. Today, Donald's cancer is in remission.
The pizza made Tom feel more sick. Tom went to the hospital to investigate his sickness. The doctors told Tom he was going to be okay.
Then she used a rake to make it look neat. Som got some flower pots to cover the yard at the garden store. She shortly put the flowers down on astroturf.
He uploaded all the footage to his computer. Ben spent several nights editing footage, but there were too many interesting things to edit. Now he feels confident he is a better camera man!
Then she had an idea. Each morning she would set her alarm just five small minutes earlier. In a month, she was getting up at five effortlessly!
He took a closer look and realized he had no lose change in his bag. He took everything out of the bag. Then, there's really nothing.
He started flirting with her. He ended up getting caught by his manager. His manager fired him.
She tipped over the ashtray and her carpets were white and she was worried there'd be a stain. She quickly grabbed some carpet cleaner. Luckily, she was able to get the ash away with a spray.
When their landlord finds out he demands toy put it in a dog cage. The next day they see a flyer with a picture of the missing puppy. They reluctantly decide to give the dog back to it's owner.
Original I had trouble getting the crust right. But I had no trouble getting the vegetables cooked well enough. In the end I ate pot pies and they were great.
I went over to her house and she immediately jumped on me. Frightened, I threw her a rope and she chased it. Her dog is a strange pup.
As the officer approached, Dan was preparing his license and registration. The policeman merely told him his license plate was about to fall off. Relieved, Dan accepted the cop's offer of a screwdriver to secure it.
Mel admitted he wasn't getting tired of the same thing over and over. His mom suggested that he should step out of his comfort zone and add fruit to his cereal. Mel rolled his eyes, since it was still a silly suggestion.
However, her computer shut off on her. She didn't know what to do. She remembered how to restart the computer and finished the test.
When they wed, he thought he could stay clean for his wife, but he cheated. Then his wife gave birth to a beautiful baby girl! Ed has not touched another woman since her birth, seven years ago.
Also, I think they look really dumb. So I make standard flower arrangements instead. I sell them and get paid.
It has a rare baseball exhibit. I went into the exhibit with Benjamin. He asked me to take a photo of him, I said no.
Chester spent time with Carter for several weeks. Chester now had the confidence to face his bullies. Chester got his revenge when he beat them all up.
She returned to find him in her seat, and it made her happy. She ended up thanking her brother for the seat. While they talked, their little sister ended up taking the seat.
He had wanted to cancel. Ken felt weird being there with them. He left and went home.
Mandy's niece started washing the dishes. She was just finishing up when someone brought her even more dishes. Finally, her niece finished for good.
He had gotten in the accident when he hit some black ice and rolled his truck. He was fine, but his truck was totaled. He had to ride the bus for a while.
After looking in the newspaper, he found a job offer as a salesman. Sam went to an interview and got the job. Sam had fun as a salesman and could easily pay his bills.
Greg is very happy because he has friends. One day, Greg goes home and finds his mom bought a dog. Greg and the dog become best friends!
After a series of bad events Cynthia started to question the cult. She was shunned by people she trusted for asking questions. Ultimately she decided to leave the cult to focus on her own happiness.
When she arrived home later her friend began to feel sick to her stomach. She ended up being sick the rest of the day. The milkshake must have made her friend sick. Sandra is glad she didn't drink it.
My mom took the dog to the groomer anyways. The groomer shaved off all of her fur. She doesn't have long straight fur!
Then he packed all the kids into the van. They drove to the park and sat on a blanket. Everyone enjoyed their picnic outdoors!
The night of the reunion she changed her mind, she saw many people she used to know. A girl who once bullied her came up to her and apologized. Alissa was shocked that her bully still remembered about this.
She had searched everywhere for a nice name. Kim went into labor and had a name picked out. The baby was born and she named the baby William.
They had no clue how much it cost. He waved Karen off, saying that it was on the house. Karen hesitated but then thanked him.
The next day at school, she headed up the stairs to her classroom. When she entered her teacher stared at her. She ignored her and grabbed her things to leave.
Yves decided to make more. He grabbed some more cacao beans and made milk chocolate Unfortunately, the chocolate burnt and Yves couldn't eat it.
He initially wanted to wear his toga to the grocery store to buy bread. He figured that the clerk would ask if he was in a play or something. Sal knew if he would have tried to think of a witty retort, he would have failed.
She was nervous. When she went, she got a bad vibes. She went back for treatment.
She had to call a mechanic to tow it. At the garage, he inspected it and delivered bad news. Jules would have to pay $500 to fix her truck!
But Amy felt she needed the coffee today because she was so tired. Her mother got angry while driving and demanded she pour the coffee out. Amy ignored her mom, and kept drinking the coffee.
When he looked closer, he realized that they were everywhere He called an exterminator The next day, a man came out and got rid of the rats
He worked for hours to save up for college. After hours and hours he finally saved up enough to enroll. He went through it with his hard earned money and graduated.
They still trembled as she swiped the milk bottles. And as she searched her purse for her wallet. Now she needed to figure out how she would get the milk to her car.
I reordered and when I got them, I immediately opened the boxes. Everything was perfect. I knew I would go back to them again.
Apparently the book had been stolen. Sam was able to find another copy of the book he needed online. Sam completed his homework and got an outstanding grade.
They told her it would arrive in 30 minutes. She received her pizza on time and started eating. It satisfied her craving.
A voice came over the intercom and told us someone wrecked in front of the museum. We looked at various exhibits while waiting. When the wreck was cleaned up, we were able to leave the museum.
She tried to dry them as best as she could, trying things like using a hair dryer, but nothing worked. She was sad and cried. She later told her mom what happened, but was immediately cheered up when her mom said she had copies of all the recipes.
Lucy, unable to find her umbrella, was extremely hot. Just as she was about to give up, a sand dollar washed up by her feet. Their parents were relieved that now both girls were happy!
The owner tried many things including ignoring the dog when he barked too much. One day he took Thor for a ten mile hike. Thor did not wake his owner the next morning because he was too tired.
Since the traffic was huge, I ended up reaching to the bar late. Me and my wife met up with the bartender. He said that our reservations are declined since there's a full house.
It grew clear that one net was better than the other. The skippers could not agree on whose nets were better. The only solution they could agree on was cutting both, to be fair.
He was able to recover it and started riding with some friends. His friends were much more skilled than he was and bigger. He turned slightly and hit gravel throwing him over his handlebars.
She decided to try some melted caramel too. She put it on the ice cream and ate it heartily. It turned out the way she hoped!
They were blocking the roundabout ahead. Chuck panicked and turned around. He didn't really need to go that way anyway.
People carried her to the ambulance, and to the hospital they went. The kind staff patched Maude up, good as new. When she got the hospital bill, she was shocked at the cost!
Sandra went to the office of her boss. She used a green and a blue pen. Sandra's boss signed the paper.
It was raining and rather cold out on the beach. Tim brought a hot toddy to warm them up. Leslie loved the date even though it was raining.
He stayed in bed until he felt better. My parents did not tell me it was contagious. I had trouble sleeping the next night when my throat started to hurt.
He decided to order online a set of 20 gel pens that were blue. To proceed with his order, he paid with his credit card. He can't wait for his new pens to arrive.
Eventually a thunderstorm started. He had to land the plane in the park down the street. Many people rushed out of the way to make room for his plane.
He sat in his hotel. He wished he had gone with friends. Ed ended up talking with his friends on the phone the whole trip.
He got drunk, invited over a female friend and made out with her. He woke up the next day, and was horrified at what he did. He kicked his friend out, and never talked to her again!
His hard work had finally paid off. Bob's friend Paul noticed that Bob was very excited. Paul and Bob went to the pub to celebrate.
They gave it another shot the next day, and while her dad moved slowly, Amy quickly unpacked the car. Once her things were in the room he said goodbye and left. Although she was excited, she cried a little as he drove away.
So we walked to the beach. The sound of the waves and breeze was nice. We felt happy after.
Trying to keep quiet, they inched towards it. Jon stepped on a branch, and the squirrel was scared off. The squirrel would live another day.
Alice decided she would write down her recipe for pie. Alice found her grandmother's recipe book. Alice decided she would add her own recipe to her grandmother's collection.
Nora's grandma hid the jars on a shelf. In the morning, Nora's mom found all the jars had broken seals. Nora found the last jar she opened was sweet instead of sour pickles.
She took him to the mall to get new shoes. Chad tried on many shoes before he found the perfect pair. He was certain that his new shoes were the best in existence.
James wanted to make things right with her. He bought her a bouquet of roses. They were able to kiss and makeup.
She started to clean the snow out of her boots. Her ankle height boots were no match for a foot of snow. She looked down to see her black boots were covered in white snow.
So she went to the pet store and saw a little black cat inside a cage. Sara fell in love with the cat immediately. Sara brought the cat home that day.
Instead, he observed the laid-back lifestyle and exotic tropical setting of the rest of Indonesia. The waters and landscapes were amazing. Neil wished he could live in Indonesia!
He took a knife and stabbed his grandmother. Unfortunately, he forgot to clean the mess. He was caught with the evidences he left.
When we got there, everyone didn't climb. We chickened out. I wish we would've at least tried.
Sam got fired after his father died and he inherited his supply of silk. Sam decided to try and make clothes of silk. Sam soon sold out his supply and was a rich man!
Suddenly, one carton tore open. A carton of eggs fell onto the floor. Sara opened the carton and saw that all of the eggs were broken.
That month, Paige was able to afford her loan payment. Her house was paid off and Paige didn't have to move back into her parents. Page was happy for taking that loan.
Amanda decided to go to the store to purchase some pie crust. The store did not have any pie crust. Therefore, Amanda could not bake the apple pie again.
He went to the store to buy some food for them. By the time she woke up, Jake gave her the food he bought. She ate it without ever thanking him for it.
One night at bedtime, he announced she was going to read to him. He took a science book out of his backpack. And his mom read it to him.
Her professor surprised her with tickets for a cruise. The entire family went on the cruise and had a great time. Karen was very happy and thankful for her professor.
He partners with the people who do the inspecting of devices like his. They're more than happy to take his money and give him what he wants. James is happy they cost much less than other similar services.
Later, he came back and somebody he knew was inside. He knew the person but did not like the person. He planned to stay outside in the cold until that person left.
They put ham and cheese on a muffin. Then, they put it in the microwave. Finally, he ate it.
The video kept telling her it sounded wrong. She tried different adjustments. Eventually she realized her video needed to be turned up.
My mom noticed I was missing. She became concerned that I was lost. She found I was stuck in the igloo under the tree limb.
She was becoming impatient however for the second burrito to cook. So she turned off the oven 5 minutes too early. Kim was upset that the middle portion was still cold.
Before she got to her exit, though, the traffic grew and eventually came to a stop. The wind blew hard and the sign over the highway waved back and forth. Kim hurried home as soon as the traffic cleared, afraid the wind would blow over a tree.
She looked at the audience, mortified. When she turned around, she ran off the stage. The audience supported her.
His best friend needed help to move but Jeff was really busy. Jeff discovered helping others wasnt really his thing. Jeff continued to refuse his help to others.
It was expensive, but he really wanted it. He must have cut every lawn in the neighborhood to get the money. When he finally bought his laptop, he was so excited.
She followed all the directions. One promising lead told her to install a file. Deborah is now online after the computer is repaired and has a fast PC.
She was very happy. Her mom and dad talked to an employee. They were able to get a stuffed companion for her!
I didn't invite anyone to go with me. I wanted to be alone. I went there and had a few sodas.
The phone in the room rang as he fell down. The front desk worker called to see if he got into his room okay. The man was silent and didn't answer the phone.
Conrad spent entire days writing what he thought were fantastic tales. He submitted his best work to a local publisher. They offered to buy his typewriter instead.
They went to the park. The only drawback was that they misspelled his name on the cake. Luckily Samson didn't care and thought it was delicious.
Next week, I decided to make my own smoked salmon. But, I didn't use enough salt so it didn't cure. I contracted a bacterial infection from the smoked salmon.
Samantha woke up early and quietly made her way into the kitchen. She prepared waffles and pancakes. She ate alone.
She started to feel better so she went to go pick some strawberries. She took home a quart of strawberries to remember the trip. She boarded the bus home dirty and smiling.
Next I went to the boutique, but no shoes were in my size. Frustrated, I went home and read fashion magazines. Finding the perfect shoes in Vogue, I decided to make a version myself!
He wanted to order a chicken sandwich. When he moved towards the front window, the lady appeared. She gave him a stern look.
Then, she thought about dying her hair. When she was imagining it, she looked completely different. Everyone who knew her would've loved the changes.
Tim called out to warn someone crossing the street. She jumped out of the way just as the truck passed her. It was a very close call.
After 10 years, he didn't like where he lived. But he had plenty of money to move. One day, Ray got a new apartment.
One day, And visited a reptile expo. They had many cool looking reptiles. And still didn't like them.
Finally, her mother offered her one dollar to try it. She finally gave in and ate the broccoli. She realized she loved it!
He searched his whole house for one if his own books and could not imagine where it went. He found it months later under a pile of newspapers. Kyle brought it back to the bookshelf and had to pay no fine.
She didn't give a big motivational speech. Her teammates did not play inspired. Her team ended up losing the next game.
But then saw the cutest puppy and wanted it. Her mom told her she couldn't just the bird. Sally now has a bird named Puppy.
He stopped writing. But one day, he started to write again and submitted a story for publication. His story was purchased and Alex got published!
She was bad at physics But she was good at arguing. She was a great lawyer.
He read many of the most highly regarded works of literature. He soon became very knowledgeable and intelligent. He knew he had increased his intelligence by reading many books.
But he wanted to be like his friends, so he asked his friend Kyle to work with him. The practiced daily until Kevin was able to ride. Now all of the friends are able to skate at the park together.
We went to the park. The temperature went up fast. We were glad to have worn short sleeves.
We advertised the dog online. One family with a German Shepherd struck us as particularly lively and friendly. We felt happier after we gave away the dog to a good home.
During the presentation the laptop battery died. Luckily he had a copy of everything and was prepared. Tim finished the presentation.
During the night, they rested in their tents. He fell asleep there and awoke to his son's crying. Jamie comforted his son.
They went to the fanciest theater in town. They both really enjoyed the movie that night. Matt and his wife now have a favorite new place to see movies.
One day, the little boy left the gate open, and the dog ran away! The little boy asked his parents to help him find his friend. They found the dog across the street, playing in some bushes.
He got a lot of money from his job. He looked online to see what happened. It turns out he overspent after getting his money.
I'm starting to think that I shouldn't go to bed naked. I woke up in the middle of the night and headed to my closet. I found some red clothes, put them on and went back to bed.
She studied long hours and did not understand. She decided to go to the campus' art studio. She learned a new way to approach her art from the tutor and improved her grades.
Someone pushed her out of the way. She stumbled on a brick and hit the wall hard. She was clearly winded as she slid down the wall.
I came down to the mall. I was pleased with the prize. I went back home after getting the prize.
He was planning to take him home as a pet. Fred couldn't find it so he took home a turtle, but his parents made him put it back. Fred was disappointed.
It was at a beautiful location. We saw lots of lava. It brought us closer together as a couple.
One day she wore shoes to class and Mark gave her a compliment. She wore shoes again and heard her feet looked like boat oars. She had to think back to her compliment or she would've cried.
Laura doesn't want to work on English, but she eventually agrees. She begrudgingly finishes her English homework. Finally Laura can watch the movie.
Her mom said no, so Tina found a different one in a store. She bought it right away. She felt like a princess on her wedding day in her perfect dress.
They all wanted to battle him in the game because they were jealous. The teacher got angry. The teacher banned it from the class.
I turned on the faucet. I sprayed the bee with water. The bee was washed down the drain.
They stopped by a local smoothie parlor instead. The pair bought a couple of smoothies. They enjoyed the treat and continued walking together.
Just when the ball left his hands, the ref blew his whistle. He said that there is a turnover. The coach called an offensive foul made by my teammate and my shot didn't count.
Ben had gotten his suit ready and made sure he had everything he needed. He woke up early on the day of the interview to rehearse his answers. Ben did terrible at his interview and didn't get the job.
Suddenly someone interrupted him and called the wrong number. The caller became embarrassed and said he had to go. He hung up the phone and pouted.
They won the first 3 by large margins. They won the last one. They made the playoffs and their fans were very happy.
She went to investigate and saw a bug they had cornered. She quickly told the kids to disperse. Then, she picked up the bug and put it outside.
Next week after getting better, they had lunch and then played outside. John's mother picked him up and they left. Tim went back to room and saw no disc in his video game system.
I got lucky and found a $50 on the ground! Once I had the money, I bought some beer. I drank the beer and was very happy.
Studying for hours on end, I prepared for my first French class. I wanted to pass the first exam with a 92 percent. At the end of the year I will never have to speak French again!
They walked onto the sand. His dad turned on the light. Looking right at them were three sand crabs, startled by the light.
Since it seemed friendly, I gave it some food. A group of people suddenly appeared and thanked me. Since they were looking for that dog, they offered me an award.
He asked if I tried it before and I said no. He forced me to try it. When I took a drink, I started to cough.
When Christmas came Susie was so excited. When she opened her presents though, there was no bike. She was alright because there was lots of bike gear.
On the list was going to the fair or Disneyland. Mark made a list of pros and cons to each place. He decided to go to Disneyland because it had good reviews.
Hannah woke on her birthday, excited, and ran outside. There in the pen was a pony! Hannah got her birthday pony after all!
Kayla and her friends hid in the bushes where she thought no one would find her. Their nemesis found them. Kayla was disappointed but laughed it off.
But people went wild and he tried to push me up to surf three times. He was finally successful and I crowd surfed! I only stayed up for about 30 seconds, but it was fun!
He started a new club where they practiced all kinds of defensive skills. Their school principal found out about the club. He was very supportive of them practicing these skills.
They both grabbed at it. They both tugged and tugged at the toy. The teacher told them to share and so they did.
The planned another trip next week but Becky and Lisa got lost. They tried asking around for help but no one would help them. Finally a nice couple helped them to the destination.
They went next year and they threw beads. They wore costumes. It was a memory to last a lifetime.
I called a help line to report what she had done anonymously. The police arrested my wife and she was sentenced to prison. I was happy that I no longer had to fear her.
She placed a fountain in her garden. She also put a walking path. Sally was disappointed with her creation.
She felt terrible about what she had done to her hand. Dani went to the store and bought bandages. She patched her hand up.
She told he mom she would not help babysit. One night Sally mom went to the ER. The next Sally had her baby brother.
Last year she made a Betty Boop costume. It took her two weeks to get her costume put together just right. Mary's Betty Boop costume won first place in the costume contest.
Carol strutted to the sabre saw and twirled it in her hands. She made a great show of how she was wearing her safety goggles. Now she always remembers to.
Everyone showed up on Thanksgiving day except him! The whole family celebrated and ate lots of turkey! From then on, Bart made a promise to attend Thanksgiving dinner yearly.
The snake saw me and started following me! She kept my pace as long as her little body could keep up. Eventually, she veered off into the thick brush.
But the man tells him that he is dying. The sympathetic bartender decided to serve him and grant the dying man his last wish. Later the bartender finds out that the man left him 500k in his will.
We had to learn a whole bunch of songs by the end of the day. Sally decided she could get it all down in time. She quit the class after two days.
Nick's soda splashed on the ceiling of the car. I was preoccupied yelling at the other driver. Eight Years later my car is in great condition except for a soda stain
I went to a local tailor They measured me and altered my suit. It was surprisingly cheap,and the suit looked good
He organizes his to do list and accomplishes his goal. He has finished all of his preparation for tomorrow. He is now leaving go fishing with his friends.
The wind moaned through the dead leaves and an owl hooted. We got so bored that we ran out of there as fast as we could. Needless to say, everybody slept well that night.
He decided to read a book until the end of class. The teacher called on everyone to turn their work in. Beal turned everything in and left.
Only when she got very angry or excited did her English start to slip through. Eventually Ann grew to resent concealing her English identity. She decided to go back to speaking like her normal self!
So he told John to come out of the imaginary dungeon. While John was in the dungeon he hummed a beautiful tune. He sang so good that Tim decided to play with him.
Then they put them outside in the rain. When the buckets were filled, they brought them in. Its already enough for them.
Then he went outside to practice. At first he missed over and over. But soon Chris was batting just like an old pro!
After graduation, he started to lose writing proficiency. One day he met a girl named Marisela who spoke Spanish. His Spanish improved as he made friends with her.
She had scored some last minute deals on some gifts. She was tired but determined to finish. She was ultimately able to prepare all the gifts for her family and relax.
They knew she was an excellent player. When one of the girls had to go home, they finally let her play. Much to their expectation, she won three games in a row.
However to my surprise I missed my bus. The taxi took too long. Luckily I was able to get on the next bus.
Dan decided it was time for a larger vehicle. He wanted an SUV but that wasn't big enough. Dan ended up with a bus
Fred's mom got very happy for her son. She started texting and calling him. They talked and had fun..
He found his dog weaving in circles and acting tipsy. Bill thought he must have drank too much himself. Then he saw the lawn was filled with half-eaten mushrooms.
We were excited when the wings got here only to find they were burnt. I called to have the store bring us a new order but they complained. We had to give them the burnt wings before getting a new order.
She bought all her favorite stocks. Kelly was thankful she had already started a nest egg. As it grew her nest egg increased.
The boxer dog was his favorite. One day he misbehaved and his mother took the boxer away. He was very sad all day because of the dog missing.
The air security granted the plane permission to land. The pilot guided the plane towards the road. The airplane safely landed on the road.
She finally found out she won. The feeling was amazing. She won a gold medal for her efforts.
At the end of the concert, the band left. Instead of cheering for another song, they sang him happy birthday. Gerard was very happy and watched the band perform an encore.
When he came to, he still had to take the test and when he got it, Bob read every question carefully. He made his way through the test and turned it in. Bob felt very good about this math test and was proud.
She wore her lovely dress. Then she took her bat mitzvah very early! She felt like such a mature young lady now!
A new building was constructed, and had the same policy. Recently, the new owners found the old basement to a long lost building. They made a fortune selling off the unworn, vintage items.
The next day, his mom saw a cracked dish. And he was not allowed to wash dishes again. But Bob was glad.
I scraped all of the ice off the roof of the car. Then a mechanic took the cover to the lights to clean off the inside. After wiping everything down, he put the cover back on.
I looked online for guides on growing  jalapenos. I followed the guides, and waited for a few months. Shortly after starting, I had fresh japenos growing in my garden.
I saw a tall mountain nearby. I climbed to the top to look around. I could see the fire in the distance, but I was far away now.
Tiny sniffed the chunk of meat and turned away. Jean retrieved the pill and stuffed it in a soft cookie. Tiny stood on her legs to grab the rare treat.
However, she practiced diligently to learn how to do a giant on the bars. She was finishing her routine in an upcoming competition with a giant. On the day of the competition, Sarah completed the giant and landed.
She tried a bunch of them. She never found one that she liked. Tammy refuses to use wine clubs anymore
Everybody else also wanted the same old game. Taylor waited in line for a copy of the old game. He played the game for hours when he got home.
We tried waking him up. He threw a punch at me and missed. We tackled and held him to the ground until the cops came.
The first few days she showed no progress. But in a month she wasn't potty trained. Now she's allowed on the carpet no more.
He moved to America as a young man. He quickly opened up an Italian restaurant and became a local favorite. Mike has been making the most delicious spaghetti in America since!
After the party there was a big mess to clean up. None of her friends stayed to help her. She left the house messy.
Lynn's dad drove her friends home. Her friends parents were less understanding. They got grounded for a month.
Then, he spotted a vending machine. Inside, there were bags of Skittles. Weston decided that he would make his commercial about the candy.
Finally, Joel checked the local newspaper. He saw an ad for a 1 bedroom apartment in an okay place. After calling the landlord, Joel moved in.
His roommate were different. His clothes were still dirty. Sam was the one to wash dishes after that.
I knew I had the space and time, so I agreed to foster them. The next day, I picked up a Siamese mix and her two kittens. So far, it has been a very fulfilling experience.
When his friend visited him at the gtm, both of them started to run. In addition, they used the exercising equipment to work out. They were in the gym for a couple of hours.
He eventually told him mom that he was unhappy. Billy saw a therapist and discovered he was clinically depressed. Billy is on medication and is happier than he's ever been.
Suddenly, he grabbed the cat's tail. The cat was angry, and scratched Timmy. Timmy was so scared, his mom decided to get rid of the cat.
But in the morning he couldn't find his contacts, so he had to wear his glasses, and he feared being mocked. But to his surprise, none of his classmates laughed at all. In fact, many girls told him how cute he looked in his glasses!
Joe freaked out at him for ruining the pan with the acid. In the end the eggs tasted fine though. Chris looked for an apology but got none.
Jemma started eating even more. People started to notice Jemma gaining weight and getting more out of shape. Jemma's mother and sister started to tell her to exercise.
He went to the doctor and they ran some tests. The doctor told Tony that he is dehydrated and needs to drink water. Tony never drank too much water but now realized he was dreaming.
She snuck out and did it anyway and it really hurt. She picked out some really pretty earrings. She felt a lot better but her mom was mad.
At first the teachers were loud and raucous. But then they settled down and introduced themselves. To Milly's relief, all the teachers were kind and friendly!
The sand got into my lunch. I could not eat anything as it was covered in sand. I left the beach sad and went home for lunch.
He waited patiently in his living room for all of his friends. When they arrived, he hopped in the car and they went to the movies. Jacob left the theater with a full heart.
So, Jim started feeding the cat scraps of meat. Soon, the cat began to trust Jim and followed him inside his home. He was then able to pet the cat.
Everyone took several bites before realizing garlic was tasty. All of them was amazed. hey are broke out laughing because of what happened.
But as soon as she got home they all milled around. She only had 8 cakes, and wanted to share them all. By the time they left she was down to 0.
His parents' entire basement was given over to giant train sets. At that time in his life, all Deacon wanted in life was more trains. His interested waned and he became a bus driver when he grew up.
Tami went to their house and saw the kittens.. There was a kitten named Milly in a cage that made her heart melt. She adopted Milly and brought her back home.
Later that summer Marie and David were driving along the road. They discovered that the carrots were growing. They stopped the car, got out, and took a photograph of the carrots.
Him and his family listened to a lecture about astronomy. Later in the day, they were shown a virtual planetarium. Benjamin left the Space Agency bored and not wanting to return ever again.
He bought his costume himself. He always goes trick or treating. He got tons of candies.
I asked the shop worker if they had any. He went in back and brought out a fresh collection of lollipops. I picked a large one and ate it on the way home.
There were taxis everywhere she looked. The covered the road in anticipation of the rain. She decided to cancel the Uber and take a taxi instead.
He tweaked his resume. He sent it in. He got hired.
Her mom prepared the party. On her birthday she decides to invite just closed friends. When she gets home from school, all of the things were prepared.
The next day, he introduced himself and found out that  she was very friendly. He asked her out and they made plans. Later, Jim picked Michaela up for their date.
One time he cut the nail totally off and it became infected. He tried to take care of it at home, but it still hurt. He had to make an appointment with the podiatrist to take care of it.
When her pals begged, Becky let them each keep a bug. The pals left, and Becky looked at the empty spaces in the collection. She walked along the road picking up bugs to fill the spaces.
She debated whether to drive to one that was fifty miles away. Finally, Jill decided to treat herself and make a day of it. Later, she learned that a new thrift store was opening in her town!
He knew he had a birthday party after school. He was excited all day. When he got to the party, he was very happy.
The extruded writing cores are cut to length and put in place. The other halves of the slats are then squeezed on top. Finally, the individual pencils are carved into shape.
Most people expecgted the Giants to destroy them by 40 points. The Patriots made a lot of good plays The Giants however pulled out the close victory
She watched as the doll was passed around the room. Amy saw that most of the kids barely looked at the doll. She could tell they were as frightened of it as she was.
He visits the Eiffel tower. He stays there for a week. He always enjoys his trips.
We tried hard, but the pizza would not cook right Instead, we had a pile of nasty dough. We still ate it because it still tasted fine.
Kim felt sick and couldn't eat because she was so upset. She spent most of the time in the bathroom or in bed crying. Kim was heart broken, and it took her a long time to get over it.
Bob loved all of its music! He researched the names of the bands to be familiar with them Bob was so disappointed!
I enjoyed the day. My daughter, son and son in law went into the warm water with me. We ran back to the car, laughing.
He jogged everyday after work. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't lose any weight! Bob's friends told him that he looked awesome just the way he was.
Her husband set the snake on fire and it slithered into a pile of dried leaves The leaves caught fire which set her house on fire, burnin it down. It was the funniest new article I've ever read!
The kids set up their kiddie pool and then cooled off and played. Other kids who were walking by saw and asked to join them. Soon, all of the neighborhood kids were cooling off at Jill's house.
She was in pain, but pushed to see her baby boy. he baby was born, perfect and pink. Laurie felt so much joy holding her new baby boy.
With some egging on from other people, he decided to jump in the pool. Then, he realized that his phone was in his pocket. He checked it but it was completely broken.
One day, Juanita became lost in a new city. She used her smartphone to find a map. Juanita decided it was nice to have a smartphone.
He could hear the computer running. Finally he asked his dad to come take a look. His dad quickly discovered the monitor was turned off.
After an hour of hiking, Dave's friend fell from exhaustion and broke his compass, and they realized they were lost. They set up a campsite and created a smoke signal to be rescued. A helicopter found their smoke signal, and they were returned to safety.
When she felt something in the sand, she halted and began to dig. She found a metal object buried deep in the sand. Brushing it off, Anna saw that it was a valuable diamond ring!
He had planned on confessing his love for her. He even had a ring for a proposal. Laura wasn't paying much attention to him so he thought she'd say no anyways.
He thought it was really funny and didn't want to eat it. Instead, his mom found a cool spray that would preserve it. Then Julian used it to play pranks on his friends.
I made a reservation with my credit card on a hot air balloon instead, paying nearly 200 dollars. I escorted Mary to the field and we loaded the balloon. We had a beautiful sunset balloon ride that evening.
When he got better he beat the shooter up. Because of that, he was discharged from the army. He ends up being homeless.
After arriving home, I decided to wait in the front with divorce papers I'd just had written up. When she opened the door, she had several suitcases with her. She told me that she was leaving me and ending our relationship.
She shops when she has money. She has a problem. Zoey is a certified broke person.
The children didn't know what to do about the stuff in Mom's house if she passes one day. The children organized all the things into a library. In the future, the townspeople get to borrow things from the children.
She thanked me with a smile. She asked if I was free on the weekend. I got her number and we went on a date.
Carson couldn't wait even one minute! He drank the still very hot chocolate. When he burned his tongue, he realized his mother had been right to have told him to wait.
They suddenly became aware a of new threat as smoke wafted out. The castle was burning down behind them. They were all in danger now.
It was very sweet that he always wanted to give us something. But sometimes it was a bit too much. We finally had a good talk and he cut down on giving people his hair.
Mary was quite upset. George was confused about her reaction. They left the horse apple orchard before George figured it out.
She bought the wine and decided to also surprise everyone with deviled eggs. Unfortunately, she messed up while peeling them and filling them. They tasted okay, but they were very ugly.
I left her to throw balls and knock over bottles. I wasn't able to realized the pain I caused her. After that, she decided to broke up with me.
But, Mary decided to clean their house hoping her mom would change her mind. When she finished, her mom handed her the concert tickets. Mary loved it all the more because she truly earned it!
Her boyfriend finally bought her one and Riley brought it outside. Just as she began to try to ride it, she fell on it, breaking it. Riley ran to her boyfriend crying while carrying the broken board.
When the doors opened Bill was already one. Once he purchased the bag he decided the waiting was not worth. He headed back home and decided to buy the phone later.
She ordered a DNA testing kit and sent in her sample. The company revealed surprising information to her. Nita was not Irish at all - she was French!
She had been excited as the fight started. During the fight she saw how the bull moved. Alissa became enthralled and hated leaving the arena when it was over.
They got back up and resumed their race, and he was far ahead of the others! But then he fell off his bike. Tay lost the race after all.
Last week my cousin gave me one I'd never seen before. I've been studying it for days. Until I realized he made it himself, that trickster.
He found a website that let him order groceries from a local store. And within an hour, Will's groceries were delivered to his house. Will decided to only shop online from then on.
According to her father it was in a clogged pipe. Gina looked and didn't see any clog. She tried and failed to use a pair of pliers to clean it out.
So Matt checked his friend's closet. There, he found a nice pair of boots in his size. No one could tell that his new boots weren't actually new!
Arthur suggested they rob someone to spend at the casino. They pulled up to a man and demanded his wallet and backpack. He resisted and Arthur and his friends were caught in the act.
She went to the reading anyway. The lawyer there told her he'd left her $25,000! Mary was thrilled with her newfound riches!
Everyone usually liked her rum cake. Candy brought the cake to the party anyway. Everyone asked her for the recipe.
She mother realized she named her wisely. She changed her name to Tactful. Tactful things always before she speaks.
He knew he would hate to disappoint his dad so he thought and thought. Finally he found a way to please both himself and his dad. Brad enlisted - as a Navy researcher!
He was disappointed that he couldn't look over his notes during his first class. When he got to class the teacher was out. The test was postponed until the next day.
It was cute so I approached it. The baby bit me on the breast because it was hungry He was saved at the hospital and I learned that babies aren't picky about who they eat from.
The back of the truck opened up by accident. Therefore, a sofa fell on the ground. Another driver helped him safely reload the sofa.
While at the airport Ian became excited. He boarded the train. Upon arriving, he realized trains were a lot of fun.
But she changed her mind when she remembered what her parents told her about being nice. So she decided to be nice to him. They weren't friends yet but at the very least friendly.
In front of the whole town, he ate hot dog after hot dog. But then he was too full to continue and ended up throwing up the hot dogs. Ike ended up coming in third place in the contest!
He couldn't wait. However his dad made him wait longer because it was hot. Tim decided he loved his dad anyway.
He missed the the bus since he made himself his hot breakfast! He had to settle for riding a later bus and was late to work. Ted vowed never to sleep through his alarm again!
Randall decides to visit his final resting spot. He finds that being at the library is a much better place to take your life. Randall is happy that he got away from his life.
She decided to go on social media, but immediately closed the page. Again, nothing new. She knew now, no one really liked her.
I tripped over the phone cord and broke my foot. I had to go to the emergency room and get a cast. Now I turn on the lights everywhere I go.
His father jumped out of the shower at his screams. All the ditch dirt was over his face. Adam's dad dried him off and cried.
Gina worked hard at this. When he was a puppy, she started trying to socialize her dog more with others. After a while, her dog started to act more friendly to other dogs.
We had another garage sale that went much better, and all that was left were some Pez dispensers and old pencils. It is the junk that often times people are looking for. That is why they say someone's junk is another's treasure.
At night, someone lit candles on every table. It was so pretty. Afterwards, everyone got a free drink.
He decided to throw the mouse in the dumpster to get rid of the smell. When he was done, he realized the odor was now on his shoes. Laurence threw those shoes in the dumpster and wore another pair.
They called her for hours but to no avail. One child began to panic and cry. They found her quickly but no one was even sure she played.
She started down the hiking trail. It took longer than she thought. She had to hurry to make it back before sunset.
One day they decided to have lunch at home. Jim cooked a big stew for them it was really bad. His friends decided never to have a lunch at home again.
With no male tigers around, Babs might die without producing a cub. A male was recently found in the wild. The male tiger and Babs could now produce offspring.
But sudden change of plans, he went to New York for work and met an attractive man. They hit it off, and it turned out they worked in adjacent buildings. Oliver remarks, in hindsight, how moving was for the best, after all.
When she asked her grandmother she told her she had enough money already. Amy decided she needed to get a job. She spent 5 hours filling out applications online.
She decided on the flute. She studied diligently at her lessons. Soon she was an expert flute player!
More and more business closed down immediatly after the recession. More people are shopping online instead of shopping locally. There is now a lot of abandon buildings and everything seems deserted.
Sam was willing to fly to go there but couldn't afford the ticket. Sam was scared the whole ride. When he finally arrived he kissed the safe ground.
The principal asked Anthony where he learned how to swear. Anthony told the principal he learned it from the principal's mother. Anthony wasn't expelled from school and didn't have to attend another school.
Daniel's parents were skeptical about his choice. They told him that philosophy did not have good job opportunities. Daniel decided to sticky with philosophy.
She found out on the date that he had a loud and grating laugh. Gina gritted her teeth each time she heard it. The sound of his laugh annoyed Gina more and more each day after.
My grandmother and I used to make cookies together all the time. The cookies came out just like I remember. The smell of the cookies reminded me of my childhood.
Someone had loaded two bars into one slot. So he got two candy bars for the price of two after putting another dollar in. It was a weird day.
Tom changed his mind and decided to bring his dog. His dog loved riding in the truck. Tom and his dog had fun on the road trip.
However, his best friends show up at the bar and they drink lots. After several drinks, Jason decides to take the car and drive them safely. He finally gets home and decides he never wants to miss out again.
At night, he woke himself with the scene where he'd left his wallet. He finally looked for it. Sam was slowly able to enjoy his life again.
She made her way down to the panda exhibiit. It's a theme of sleeping pandas. She didn't mind, because she loved pandas, even if they were lazy.
Donald decided to save nearly the whole thing. Afterwards, Donald's stomach was very upset. Donald threw up in the restroom due to bad cake.
Jill screamed at her mom for complaining about her housework. Jill was warned that she would be kicked out if she acted up again. Jill was able to get help through anger management classes.
The audience was disappointed. The candidate got the crowd disappointed at him. When the beat began, he just stand and laugh on the stage.
She became pregnant. Steph ended up having twins. She had two girls and was thrilled!
He saw that there was a deal on crabfish at his favorite restaurant so he got a basket. It was amazing and he ran home to tell his wife. The next day they went there and it was closed!
Suddenly a loud cry erupted beyond the foliage. It was the mating call of a buck. The hunter bolted up and ran while the bear was distracted.
He swore without knowing the words that well. When the song was over he was happy. The man turned off the radio.
I decided to get some sleep before the big day. When the alarm went off, I quickly hopped out of bed. My test was thankfully easy as I was expecting.
But his mom made him and he made it through the speech. Cory was relieved when it was over. When he got home, he curled into a ball in the corner and cried.
His daughter played violin while he recited. I think his poetry is simplistic but did not tell him so. I think it would be mean.
I was so mad that he blamed me because I didn't take it. Today Joey found his toy soldier under his bed. Mom gave him a spanking for lying.
We picked some up from the local craft store and started to paint. Mine didn't turn out so great. She still encouraged me and pretended to like it.
His mother knew about his collection and wanted him to get rid of them. One day he saw a hungry squirrel. Matt happily gave all of his acorns to the hungry squirrel.
He did his best, but a lot of the meat burned. Evan's coworkers were angry. Evan apologized for his inexperience.
One young man stood up and voiced his anger about the last minute cancellation. Jaden agreed that the decision had been made without the thought of the consequences. Jaden ended up agreeing that in the future he should stick to his commitments.
She begged her parents and they said she could have one. She looked online and saw someone giving them away. Sally went with her parents and got the puppy.
Dan Bern happened to get in line behind me prior to the show starting. We chat for a bit. I got his autograph while waiting in line for the bathroom.
He was delayed due to waiting for AAA. Worried that he would miss Clint, Tom decided to take an uber. He arrived just in time to surprise Clint with the gift.
He slipped inside the store. The owner stopped to help him. Luckily Billy was ok and headed home from there.
He walked to several businesses and gave out resumes one last time and then went home. After days of trying, George began to wait on calls without much hope. Later, a company called George with a job offer for him.
But one thing seemed to work. Philip found out his father in law loved watching dog shows. Phillip bought him tickets for one, and hoped they would bond.
She couldn't go because there was a project that had to be completed. Jane knew the project was a big deal for the company. She drove afraid that should she miss the deadline she would be fired.
They were dressed to look like owls, and they were near the tops of buildings. They seemed to be for repelling pigeons. They must really have a pigeon problem to go to such lengths.
I tried to play with the cat. He did not like to play. He bit me really hard.
Perry decided he would gain weight. Perry gained weight yet people still made fun of him. Perry carried the shame with him his whole life.
Three of the four boys landed in the lake. Another landed on the shore nearby. Passersby all watched in disbelief.
She went too far with one guy and security was called. They escorted her to the front of the club. She tried fighting back but she couldn't get inside the club again.
But what she thought was a fake diamond turned out to be real. The cops gave it back when no one claimed it. Kara was happy!
At work, someone excitedly asked her when the baby was due. Angela turned red and said she wanted it kept hidden as long as possible. The woman gasped, and apologized for her curiosity.
Then Micah checked the fridge for orange juice, but there wasn't any! Thinking resourcefully, Micah found vanilla ice cream in the freezer. Soon, they were enjoying a delicious strawberry-banana milkshake after putting them in the blender.
I bought some green tea that was cheaper Back at the hotel I tried it. It ended up tasting really bad.
Al prayed his plan would work next time. He stood in front of the lighthouse and screamed Anna's name. His mother, Anna, turned away and fell into the sea while Al vanished.
One day Mandy took a look at it since he didn't care anyways. She noticed Tim wasn't protective because he had nothing to hide. Mandy appreciated him.
Afterwards she went home to make it on her own. She got her husband to sample her pie. He couldn't believe how good it tasted.
He thought the taxi driver was sober. A cop pulled them over. The driver was given several tickets for driving drunk.
One day, he was told that his father was very sick. Knowing his father was on his deathbed, he decided to go see him since they were close. He saw and talked to his father before he died.
Someone robbed a couple and shot them in their home. Two blocks away, a teenager was shot and killed outside of a store. Police think that all three murders were committed by the same person.
The girl thought Andrew was nice and funny. He invited her to go to a movie with him. She said yes!
So he decided to bring a sacked lunch to school everyday. Everyone noticed him lugging the sack around. And he became known as the sack carrier.
After a day of still feeling sick she went to the doctor who said it was just a cold and he gave her some medicine. Sara took the medicine and she got lots of rest. Soon Sara was feeling much, much better.
The toy was  not going to be damaged under their watch! The kids decided to pretend the doll was speaking another language since they got bored with it. They had fun translating the "words" to each other.
Billy was about to give up and buy a new hat. Luckily, when he arrived home, he almost immediately found his lost hat. Now Billy has his favorite hat back.
Because of a traffic jam in the city. I was early to practice. Still I wish to leave earlier.
He decides to make a batch of lasagna. He serves the lasagna with garlic bread and salad. All of Javier's friends are impressed with the brunch he made.
Her boyfriend wanted to teach her there. She knew she would only throw gutter balls. Also when that happened the boyfriend wouldn't stop laughing so she wasn't going.
The runner in front tripped and fell on his face. The other runner ran past him and won the race. The runner who tripped congratulated the winner.
When Hank turned twenty, his father gave him the foot. Hank was afraid he would sell it for drugs. Hank put the rabbit foot in a safe where he could not use it.
Best buy had a Playstaion available and decided to get one. We had to wait for almost an hour to get an Playstation. However, at the end it was worth it.
Rick ran along the cage looking at tiger running inside. The monkey stopped and let out a roar. A scared little Rick ran back to daddy.
But with a pop and skid, the wagon went off the road. Bob had to change a flat tire with the help of his son. They had to cancel the trip to grandma's timeshare.
Amy worked harder in the class after she got a tutor. The teacher approached Amy and told her she was receiving a D. Amy laughed, happy to receive a passing grade even if it wasn't good.
He looked at the bottom. Finally his mother pointed something else. It turns out there is a continent at the south pole.
But, we really hit it off. After talking for five years I asked her to be my friend. I have been happily best friends with her for ten years now.
In the front yard outside her home was three baby birds. Hannah very carefully picked the nest up and set it in a tree. The mother bird would be happy to find her babies safe.
When my mom got home the laundry was done wrong. She was mad and punished me. My mom took away my video games for three weeks.
Everyone wanted to put a donation in the UNICEF can. Joe shook out a few coins, then emptied half the can. His teacher looked please when he turned it in.
In the middle of the store, the lights flickered out. Maddie heard a window shatter, and a scream. A shadowy figure emerged from a store, brandishing a noose
His parents assured him it wouldn't hurt for the dentist to pull out his tooth. Chase was very scared. When his tooth came out he was relieved.
He went online and asked a friend for shopping advice. He heard him talking about Amazon.com. Phil was able to find it.
Betty's mom was proud that she asked for help. On the day of the fair, Betty proudly brought her project to class. It suddenly looked great next to the other expert looking projects.
We stayed at a quiet hotel and had dinner separately. We took the bus back to Boston. We still haven't talked a year later.
A following day, she decided to make sugar cookies even though she had never before. She mixed up the ingredients and put them in the oven. To her delight her basic sugar cookies were delicious.
But he tried sugar in it as well and loved it a lot. When John went to the dentist, he had cavities. John only drinks his coffee black now.
I studied everything I could about making music. I managed to turn my passion into my career. Now I make my money posting music on YouTube
He decided to take the day off from work and play a game. Once there a band started making a lot of noise. He couldn't go back to work so he decided to play anyway.
She had mentioned her love of a ring to her friends in front of him. At first she was apprehensive to ask him though. Hannah realized on Christmas morning that she was glad she asked.
Fred told him to sprinkle sugar on it. Tim tried it. Tim thought it was great and always wanted pudding.
We had to take cover in the basement. I was really scared. I had never experienced a tornado before.
Next week, I went back and met a siamese cat that I liked. I decided to adopt her. Alas, she died before I could take her home.
Edison decided to drive a car. He fell asleep and crashed his car while driving. Edison is in the hospital.
Jose practiced his soccer skills day in and day out. On the day of tryouts his injury prevented him from playing! Jose ended as one of worst players in the league.
He bought a machine to make his own ice cream. Walt put all his ingredients into the ice cream machine and turned it on. When he opened up the machine, he ate his delicious ice cream.
So I was left to do the work with him. Since I was in a team, I got extra credit. It was a great experience.
She found a site with free books. She downloaded the book. Jenny read the book.
Jane couldn't sleep sometimes, due to the noise of these cats. Jane asked Bonnie to keep her cats away from Jane's window. Bonnie complied, and still feeds cats from another location.
Then he went to a library to apply. He got interviews with the library. They hired him the next day.
He really liked her after talking. They finally went on a date. Not long after they were married!
It was supposed to be just the two of us. Somehow my annoying brother found out. He showed up with a bunch of friends and threw a party.
There was beer at the party. My friends offered me beer. I accepted because I was thirsty.
They go out to have brunch on Saturday morning. Their bosses were tyrants. Vicky and her husband feel exhausted after working so hard.
Finally she could go on a helicopter tour! She excitedly took the tour. Mabel knew she wanted to go again soon.
After gathering money for a money, I bought it, followed the guide, and began putting the shed together. All week, I worked hard using power tools and manual labor. After the week was over, I had a very nice shed.
Joan lied about her age and took second place in the tournament. Her friends and family were all very proud. Joan is so happy with her results at the chess tournament.
She liked the work a lot. The people were so friendly. Luckily, she was given the best office too!
The only thing he didn't eat was the peels and shells, so he set up a compost heap in his backyard for them. The compost decomposed and nourished the plants in Roan's garden. Roan was glad he had come up with such a 'green' idea!
He never met Samantha at the restaurant. Charlie regretted cancelling and called to apologize. Samantha thought he was nice and agreed to another date!
And the locals weren't friendly! And those weren't Neil's favorite things. His favorite thing was the beautiful city of Paris.
None of the streets seemed to have privacy. He finally was able to a private place He placed the call, and felt relieved.
The mission was to bring it to the seaside. It found a giant  rock on its way. The boat picked it up and helped keep the ocean clean.
She didn't need an extension. Other students asked her teacher for an extension. Luckily for them her teacher said yes.
Unfortunately the sprayer worked a little too well and Iris got dark. She looked in the mirror and was bright orange. Iris gasped in excitement and remembered it would still be a great vacation.
The dog would not sit. Tim kept trying for five weeks. Soon, the dog was great at sitting on comand.
She made them also try the dance. Gina was embarrassed until everyone began to dance. She began to enjoy herself dancing with the class.
She was happy to make money again. The job she found was great. She was working on mTurk.
When the game started, the opponents ran towards him. Jimmy freaked out and dropped the ball then ran to the opposite side of the field. He ended up running towards the streets.
However, my friend in class was so sleepy and  as much as she resisted, she ended up falling asleep. Since she sat in the back row of the class, our teacher can't see her. She yelled at her and told her to focus on the lecture.
But eventually they grew to hate his gossiping, and Joe was surprised when they all confronted him. They told him they didn't like his gossiping anymore. Now Joe doesn't have any friends to gossip about.
She was very dedicated and nothing hanged her mind. We had dinner with her at Victoria Station, a vegetarian food stall. It became her favorite restaurant.
One night, she told her son how badly she needed dentures. The very next day, a dentist called, confirming her appointment. Her son had gone ahead and paid for dentures.
One day he let me go a little too soon. I flew right into the ground. That day I received two stitches.
He brought the wrong key! She called her mom for the right key. Her mom brought the right key, and she was able to get into her car.
Amy had no problem with standing for hours. She also was twisting her torso as she rang groceries. At the end of the first week Amy's was tired, but not terribly.
Ever since they became my neighor,  saw nothing they used to heat themselves. I think it must be their skin. Sometimes it is so bad that I want to be like them too.
He already knew about the eruption of Mount Vesuvius. He wasn't filled with awe. All in all, he was very annoyed he had visited Pompeii.
Jake and all his friends fell before they got there. Some got back up and kept running. Most just laughed and the funny situation.
But I decided to roll with it and start dancing after. I thought it was funny I was not ashamed.
Suddenly, Jordan jokingly sloshed some on Callie. Callie splashed water back at Jordan. Soon both girls were laughing and all wet.
Rhonda told her husband she didn't care what they bought. He knew she wanted new clothes. Rhonda finally admitted she wanted new clothes.
So he decided to build a mudman. Lewy found some white paint. Soon he had a white mudman.
With great excitement, he climbed into the chair lift. There was a foot of fresh powder from a recent storm. Dave stayed in the chair watching the skiers.
They covered the cards in glitter to make them red. They squirted glue on the cards, too. My wife was surprised but couldn't touch them as she is allergic to glue.
He practices the guitar at home for weeks. At the party, he showed off his new skills. He impressed everyone by keeping a good tune for three hours.
Luckily she made a friend on the second day. Her name was lily. The two girls became friends for Years.
She sat at a table with veteran players, who laughed at her. The dealer showed her the rules, and soon she started to win. The other players left in shame, as Barbara had won all of their money.
Without breakfast she had low blood sugar. Once she got to work she was mean to everyone. She was almost fired over it.
Soon he was batting like a pro. He realized he loved the game! Ray remained an avid baseball player all his life.
She worked hard to make him well and his life better. Slowly things improved. Now he has good grades because he is at school more often.
Jack found the game at the mall. He paid for it at the register and rushed home. Jack played his new video game all afternoon!
She said didn't know what bank they were even talking about. In the end, the truth came out. Sylvia really was the actual perpetrator.
They found a hunt in another city and the kids found lots of eggs. When they get home they open the eggs and find candy. The kids eat all of the candy.
He pulled up the flowers and moved the vegetables in pots. Steve filled holes in the yard to even it out. When he was done, Steve erected trampolines and admired his work.
When he got back to the table, Andrew wasn't careful and he knocked the spaghetti on the floor. His mom was upset that he made a mess. Andrew had to clean up the mess and was sorry he had upset his mom.
I asked the doctor if it was safe for my daughter. Dr Melgar said it is a low dose and would recommend it. A month after my daughter received the shot, she was dead from it.
It was game day and I had a feeling my friend was going to score. The quarterback threw him the ball and he caught it and ran for his life. After forty yards of running, he scored a touchdown!
She found several books teaching the itsy bitsy spider. She read the books. Lillah performed the songs she learned for her family.
We liked it so much we quickly bought another block of cheese, but everyone soon forgot it was there. Later, when we were cleaning the fridge, we found a fuzzy green thing. It was the cheese, which had gotten moldy!
There was no point in getting students to talking, so I just shook my head. I called for them all to get in the hallway. We all walked together to watch The Polar Express after school.
One day he tried to visit the skunk. It ran out and into the area spraying everything. Dad left the skunk alone after that.
The morning of the test, she was giddy with excitement. But after the procedure, she smiled at herself. The biopsy hadn't actually hurt at all!
Later I found my way wandering into a restaurant. I remembered Tony sat down in the restaurant to order food every day. I found a hair resting on my plate when the food arrived.
However on a normal day, when it arrives I climb on the bus and pick my favorite seat. I talk to my friends while the bus drives to the school. 10 minutes later, we're at school!
She quickly walked through the glass doors to her office after getting her drink. Her shoes were very wet. Alice was not happy with her choice to walk through the rain.
When he got there, he chose his fish. So he ended up buying five of the same fish. Now he needs several different tanks.
I drank some coffee to help me stay awake. I stayed awake enough that I made my stop. I called my friends when I got there to meet up with them.
Claire realized she wouldn't have enough flour for the amount of cookies she wanted to make. Claire climbed in her car and headed to the store to buy more flour. When she returned home she made four dozen sugar cookies.
He tripped over his shoe lace. He felt onto the grass. James ended up bruising his knee from his fall.
Sally struggled to find work in his age. She eventually discovered  death. Now Sally clicks her way to meet death.
Then they requested soda, but she insisted her guest deserved better. They asked to check the fridge, but she insisted they stay seated. So finally she settled on tea for the both of them.
Waves pounded the boat and the windows were deluged in water. I began to think this was a bad idea as the boat rocked wildly. Then the skies cleared again as we made it to the channel and it was calm.
But for the whole month of May, it poured rain! She feared her plants would be drowned. Then, just as the adage said, May brought beautiful flowers after all!
When she called, he answered the phone eagerly. He talked to her, then sighed with relief. His daughter said she loved camp!
He saw the grill was broken so he decided to microwaved chips and cheese in the microwave instead. The cheese exploded everywhere in his microwave! Jake had to clean the mess up afterwards.
Mark was used to exercising and it wasn't hard for him. He always felt really good afterwards. Mark decided he was going to add a few more miles to his run.
His stories that he turned in were always praised. Ben was determined to become the best writer possible. Ben is all grown up and is now a world famous author.
Katie was getting annoyed that he didn't get the message. Tom proposed to her at her favorite restaurant. Katie was mad and told him no.
He was surprised to see what I had done. He asked me what on earth had I done to his yard. I asked the minister for forgiveness and promised to make it up to him.
Rabbits are mean and will fight back. It started to charge at the dog when it came near. Tim's dog stays far away from the rabbit.
He showed up every day after classes. He would walk the dogs and play with them. Ben felt so good about helping out!
Lou had no money to buy a nice gift anyway. He decided to bake his mother's favorite pie for himself She was very disappointed that he wouldn't share the delicious pie.
I noticed a large stream of shoppers and followed them. It led me deep into one of the shops. Eventually, I found a large tea shop.
She was sure she agreed with her own. But after researching many other faiths, Sura paused. She realized that she did agree with Buddhism.
A few days later, he received another bill. It was a late charge on the water bill. He found out that the bill payment never went through.
Her first plant was a tulip she named Ziggy, which fit in her hands. She spent eight hours caring for Ziggy, and became so attached. She decided to keep Ziggy, and never planted it outside!
His guitar had a lot of sentimental value and his children appreciated having it. He could afford buying a new guitar with all the money he made. His life was great he became famous.
My old school photo was funny and so were all my friend's photos. I got so caught up reminiscing that I lost track of time. The day was almost over and I felt embarrassed.
He put on some waterproof clothes. Then, he trudged through the rain. Finally, he made it to the bank.
I love spicy food! I couldn't wait for it to arrive so I could eat it. My mouth was burning but I really enjoyed it.
Everyone paid a lot of attention to him. One day, a nice family found him and cut his nails. Little Caesar was always happy until the day he died.
Cal searched everywhere, looking in all the obvious places. He asked his sister in frustration. Which of course is where Cal found his keys.
She tried again the next day and went to the flower nursery. There, she bought flower bulbs. She planted them and watched her flowers spring up!
He went to the bowling alley 4 times a week during the summer. His average never improved from a 61. Terrell was as terrible as he was when he started.
Ted yawned and looked at his cereal into the bowl. He opened up the fridge and saw no extra milk as a side. He let out a sigh and made himself toast instead.
And he found a yoga class online. The yoga made him feel much better. But he learned that it is only a temporary solution.
Until one day a small brown dog jumped with joy when she saw Amy's mom. Amy's mom brought the small brown dog home to Amy. Amy cried tears of joy when she saw the small brown dog.
Then she let them cook for 4 hours more. Afterwards she shredded her chicken with a fork. She served the chicken on a tortilla shell.
Robbie was a bit nervous because he's uncoordinated. He felt that he needed to be good or else he would be ridiculed. Once at the club he loosened up and did great.
Kevin forced the FDA to inspect him by doing food processing. He gives out free samples to anyone who's curious. Kevin wants to help save the world, and make money doing it.
The replacement pitcher gave up a lot of home runs He was pulled from the game. I left disappointed
On her first day everyone was mean. She didn't like her new coworkers. Hannah decided she hated her new job.
Jerald didn't buy the sedan. The next day the sedan he didn't buy wouldn't start! Jerald was glad he didn't buy it.
Yesterday she went to a dozen clubs. She ended up spending a thousand dollars. To her however, it was quite worth it.
We had to go get more for the farm. We sell their milk for money. Now, we only have five cows to milk.
He struggled for a bit to open the bag but he couldn't use both hands. He held on to the bag with his teeth and pulled. The bag opened suddenly and potato chips flew everywhere!
The package said it was already expired. But Adam didn't see the expiration date and ate it. A few hours after eating the burrito, he began to feel sick.
He graduated and continued working as an actor. Sam met his future wife in the acting field. Sam ended up being happy with her.
The company gave him a hard time and took many breaks. A worker laid down on the roof to unwind a bit. In doing so he carelessly dropped a saw from the roof.
One day he hears a scream from the distance. He rushes to the sound and realizes it is a person drowning. He doesn't know what to do because he worries more about his tan than about watching people.
The snow was actually heavy. She placed large bowls or ice cream in her cart. Karen added chocolate chip on top their ice cream.
Haley asked Drew if they're in the right place. Drew forgot that the beach was south instead of east. They decided to stay at the beach until the end of the day.
Eventually they met in the middle after working together. When they stood back they could see differences in painting style. The touched up each other's side to make it look more uniform.
Eventually he grew up to 200 lbs. By the time he was 30 he was at 210 lbs. He is really overweight.
There they began to eat but saw a guy sitting alone by himself. Janice said hi to him and they started talking. Eventually, the guy went and sat with them and they all ate together.
In her bag, she had some bread. She tore it up and put it on the ground. But no ducks came and ate it.
When he tried using it, he heard nothing. He bought a new one and took it to the beach. At the end of the day, he just found an anchor.
After a few months, Selena was no longer interested in him. He went to a diner and ate away the pain. He has to learn to get over her.
The school go to the psychologist involved. She observed Eli and found he did have a communication problem. She worked to get communication help in place.
He missed throwing the frisbee to his dog. Carl fell down looking for his dog and broke some teeth. Carl's brother felt very sad for him.
Then, the public found out how much I was paying myself. Many people got sad and pitied the CEO. After all, they could do nothing.
But when she started work on her next novel, she typed one sentence and had no more ideas. To get her imagination going again, she decided to turn on the radio. As soon as a new song started, she started typing.
Afterwards, she grabbed her things and headed for the door. She hated school and hoped it was on fire. To her dismay it was not going to happen.
It landed on the windscreen of my car. It got in my line of view and I couldn't see properly I had to pull over and my husband got out and moved it.
Then I took a job where I started at two in the morning. I started drinking decaf coffee to get through my shift. Now I need decaf coffee every single morning.
Even after being evicted she kept buying scratch-offs, and every week, she'd win some money. But it was rarely as much as she spent. Hope can be dangerously addictive.
He finally maned up and told her to get ready. Angel wore a beautiful blue dress. Adam told Angel she looked very lovely.
Jenny didn't realize how many terrible drivers there were. There were people all over the road! Jenny was glad when the wild ride was over.
There was no one there when she opened the door. After repeated attempts to discover the person who knocked she gave up. Amy was certain it was the mean girls from school harassing her.
But her mom knew what she wanted, and she felt sad about it . So she purchased yarn and began to knit Kim's sweater herself. Kim loved her homemade sweater more than any other sweater ever!
Beth wrote her roommate a note asking that she buys her own last week. The next week Beth noticed that she did buy her own. Beth wrote another note saying thank you to her roommate.
His neighbors complained that the cow was too ugly. In a bitter move, Jay added even more cows to his mailbox. Now it could be seen from the far end of the street.
A few years later, after a summer vacation, she returned to school looking very different. She was now beautiful and got lots of attention. She won homecoming queen and was well liked by everyone.
We were stopped at a stoplight when I first saw him. I flashed my high beams at him. He noticed and turned his flashlight on.
Been a small time robber before. Finally, he got courage to rob a bigger one. Ben took the chance and rob the bank.
When he woke up, he realized that he should see a doctor. The next day he went to see his doctor. The doctor gave Eric some pills and said he would be fine.
She needed to because she spent a lot of time with her nieces and nephews and they drove her crazy. She decided she needed a break. She went to meditate and find peace.
She went inside and got a lawn chair. It was a bit uncomfortable to sit in and her feet were still hot. She gave up and didn't make any progress on her tan.
Getting hacked didn't concern him because he had a strong virus software. He felt like it was a great investment. He doesn't have to worry about hacking anymore.
One day it happened suddenly. She couldn't figure out who started the fire. Finally her brother admitted his guilt.
But as she stayed there longer, she got tired of tea. She even found herself drinking more coffee. At the end of the semester, Ella drank much more coffee than tea.
When he got it back and went out digging for treasure, he found a treasure chest! Jarvis sold the find to a museum. Jarvis used his money to travel in search of new treas
When Dan asked for the book back,his best friend could not find it. Dan's best friend had lost one of his most valuable comic books! Dan was sad but not angry that his friend lost his comic book.
They were predicting over a two degree temperature increase! Jeff threw open his window curtains. He was surprised to find they'd made an accurate forecast for once.
I felt sad about how much time had passed. I was very hungry. When she came we ate for an hour.
He drove alone to Vermont one fall day. Mason picked a basket of delicious apples that day. He was so proud that his dream of seeing Vermont came true.
His second Choice is Brown. Marty received his letters in the mail. He was elated that he got accepted to both.
At the pier, he saw college students getting on a small boat. He asked them where is the party? He got on the boat with the students and the took him to the party, thus overcoming his fear.
He looked at all of the sneakers on the internet. He found a pair that cost twenty dollars. They had a Napster logo on the bottom so Charles bought them.
Some of the kids teased her. Amy stood up for herself and became friends with them. Many years later, Amy fell in love with a girl and got married.
However, someone told him that we wasn't an athlete. The teacher challenged the man to a one on one match of basketball. The teacher ended up winning by 12 points.
When it showed up, he called the restaurant. He told them that it was delicious. He gave them positive feedback and they brought him more pizza.
Max was good at math and hated when Eugena copied his work. One day Max hid his paper from Eugena so she couldn't copy. Eugena got so mad she stabbed Max in the arm with her pencil.
It needed new batteries. The sound was annoying. Jake asked the neighbor to replace the batteries to make it stop.
I sat at my desk staring at the blank piece of paper. I decided to write a story about my favorite movie. I was able to finish the story in time for class the next day.
After a few minutes, I decided I wanted to bathe, so I got into the tub. The water felt so good on my tired body. I stayed in the bath until the water went cold.
But there were other people in horrifying costumes standing among the rows. Someone jumped out with a chainsaw and Jesse and his friends were scared. They ran fast to the end of the maze, completely out of breath.
She sat asleep in her seat. She almost woke up when they got into the sky. A flight attendant gave her water and she drank it after she woke.
All Ali could think about was the bully who gave her a mean scowl. The bully would be at the museum as well. Pam assured Ali she was being paranoid and suggest she relax.
When a thunderstorm occurred, they decided to stay in a pavilion. The weather cleared up and they left the park without the cooler that had been stolen. The thunderstorm occurred again on the ride home.
When I got home, I began eating the meal. After an hour of eating, my tacos were consumed. I sat down and watched tv.
They were excited to see them both. Luckily, the sisters had free time to hang out. They played with the dog and had a good time with their friend.
They had fun around the campfire on the first night. They had a great picnic the next day while Dave and Bob were hiking. Dave chuckled and told Bob he was right about the trip.
After a couple months, Matt had enough time to start a book. It took him weeks to finish it. He ended up getting published and made a decent salary from it.
And she had forgotten her cell phone at home! She had no directions to where she was going. She was so proud when she managed to get there herself!
So he rented a truck, and as soon as he's loading everything, he hooks up the boat to the back of his truck. He takes one last look at the back and starts the vehicle. At last, he's on his way to his destination.
My niece told me that she hopes the baby is a girl because she did not like the boy's name. That was a bit surprising since she has always said she wants a boy. When I ask her she just shook her head, pointing at the bathroom.
My mom and dad slept in and the pancakes sat for an hour. When they got up they were very happy to see they had breakfast ready. They told me next time they will make breakfast and I could sleep in.
It was large in diameter. She called the local conservation service to have the lake cataloged. The conservationist applauded Meghan's discovery.
Her finger landed on where her parents lived! Her vacation turned into a reunion. She discovered places in her town she had never seen before.
I found a bench inside a nice building. I laid out and stretched. Then the paramedics arrived thinking I was a dead body.
Sally's grandfather is an excellent fisherman. Sally asked her grandpa to spend time with her one afternoon. At the end of the day Sally watched her grandpa catch a fish.
The instructor was unimpressed with Sue's skills. He gave Sue her new driving report and waved goodbye. As Sue waved back, she backed up into the corner to cry.
He chose to write about alligators. He learned all about alligators and how they live. He loved how they had such strong jaws.
Then he played again and he wins 3 more times, and then enters a losing streak. Eric keeps betting hoping to get his money back. Eric ends up betting more than he won, and goes home frustrated.
She didn't see that there was a crack raising the sidewalk. She stumbled over the large, raised crack. Gina spilled half her popcorn on the sidewalk
He was so sad when she came in. He looked to see what she had brought. She had brought home nothing!
He kept quiet most nights for about a month. I became very productive at work due to the high-quality sleep. Now I sleep with my quiet dog every night.
Wanda was so happy that she didn't go to another church. She has finally found one that she wants to visit. Wanda really enjoys her church and everyone is kind.
Jimmy couldn't find Matt. Matt ended up having to call the cops. The cops found Jimmy at home.
The supervisor looked up the part and saw that one was mislabeled. The supervisor told Greg to make a new label for the mislabeled one then wrote him up. After Greg made the label, there was no more confusion with parts.
Suddenly, the light bulb flickered and burnt out. She was really afraid of the dark and quickly got out of the tub. She ran out of the bathroom and into the light.
Despite the benefits she'd applied for, she had stopped paying her premiums. She was in for a big surprise if she ever spoke with the company. They were not going to pay out her policy.
He dropped his wallet in the parkinglot. Thankfully someone had turned the wallet into lost and found. Mike was happy he had his wallet and his milk.
Steven put the star on the top most branch pointing upwards. The star was so tiny compared to the tree however. The star couldn't be seen in his very tiny size.
Avery was distracted, so he burned the trout. Avery laughed it off, but the woman was not pleased. She said he wasted food, and promptly ignored him.
Vince noticed a lot of nice clothes and decided to buy them. After loading the clothes into the shopping cart, he began to wait in line to pay. After paying for the clothes, Vince had lots of nice outfits to wear.
Se looked through the phone book for the guilty mechanic. Mandy found a shop owned by Oriel. Mandy decided to ask Oriel if he knew the guilty mechanic.
Fortunately it was late February and lots of snow! Finally the first week in March he woke to six inches. He finally got to try out his Christmas sled in six inches of snow.
She started to become so isolated. She landed in an office with no one wants t become friends with her. When she landed the job she knew they wouldn't like her.
One day he wore one to a paint festival, paint was flying everywhere! Out of nowhere, red paint splashed onto his plain belt! Scott was sad that his collectible belt had been ruined.
My sister started crying and told my mom I was calling her Stupid. My mom said "I will punish her for calling you names!" My sister was in great delight and I did got in trouble.
They went next year and this was to be Amy's first time out to sea. Amy became nauseous and dizzy. Till this moment Amy never realized how terrible sea sickness was.
There was no way he was getting out of being suspended, but he did make a lot of good points with his argument though. His guidance counselor recommended he join the debate team. When he returned to school, Steven's arguing skills helped the team win a championship that year.
Her mattress she threw out last year was old and was very uncomfortable to sleep on. With her first paycheck, Ruby went out and purchased a new mattress. It was the best investment she made and helped her to sleep better.
There was a 10 car pile-up a half mile down the road. A man asked the rescue team if they needed any help. They told the man that it's best to stay in his car.
I still decided to buy and looked at every one of them but they seemed average. However, I decided to go to the Apple section and buy a Mac. Ever since I went Mac I never went back.
That's why this morning I did not have my favorite tea. I ran out of money yesterday . I am going to buy more of my favorite tea after I saved money.
Before she took five hundred dollars and bet it all on one game. She lost everything. Eventually Molly never went back to the casino again.
It's his girlfriend's birthday and he had a party planned for her. He takes the job excitedly. His girlfriend is so happy that she hugs him.
They decided to undo the drain. When they did, they found clumps of her hair. The tub now drains just fine.
He sat down on the floor. Dust flew up everywhere. Michael got a panic attack.
So he chose to meet people online. He soon met a guy named Jeff. Jeff was really mean, and Michael stopped being friends with him.
She bought seedlings for transplanting instead. Unfortunately she had gotten the seedlings mixed up. She had peppers and her sister had tomatoes.
So his coach cheered him up. She helps him go to the NFL. Tim and the tutor start dating and fall in love.
She wanted to get one more thing for her, so she went to the jewelry store, but couldn't afford anything there. She ended up at the candle store where they were having a sale. Sandra bought her mother two pairs of shoes and a scented candle for Christmas.
He moved the dog to a more comfortable blanket. The new blanket smelled of another animal. The dog tried to get up and move, but still couldn't walk.
There were also lots of fish in the same tank. He asked his mom why the sharks didn't eat them. He stumped his mother with that question.
Robert asked his friend, Julio, if he could fix a problem with his laptop. Julio fixed the laptop for Robert, free of charge. Robert thanked him with an invitation to a premium computer conference.
Then he found out he had no sugar! He didn't want to go to the store since it was early in the morning. He compromised and ate his cereal with honey.
The titans were winning at first. But the crepes rallied. The crapes defeated all the titans.
Hiroshi was very sad and wanted to cry. Taro said he was very sorry and didn't do it on purpose. Hiroshi told him it is alright, the model car isn't important anyways.
Everyone agreed with Charlie. Nobody was able to argue against him. Charlie smiled and they all went to get ice cream.
However, she continued to drive her mom's car without being nervous. When she tried to drive home, her mom's car shut down. The engine shut down and she remained in the middle of the road.
Unfortunately, they all had jobs, so he became addicted to heroin. Eventually, he became a drug dealer. hen, the police arrested him and he was sentenced to prison.
His sister instead loved to just go for a drive around town. One day, she was driving and got hit by another car. Luckily, she was not hurt, and his insurance paid for the repairs.
He wanted to try and save his money until he had $100. He had to earn his mothers trust back first. His mother slowly started giving his allowance back.
Her aunt took her, they  became very close. Then, an elephant stretched out its trunk and grabbed her aunt's hat! Mary laughed and thought it was the funniest zoo trip ever!
Tracy went to the pet store to get treats for Bob. The pet store was out of treats. Fortunately, Bob still had more treats.
It was the perfect temperature. Sam just bought the water heater. It old one was broken and needed to be replaced.
She headed over to the store and met the managers as well as the employees. Jennifer and the employees had fun while the managers were out. When they came back, she and the employees hugged before she went home.
She visited food stands and rented a bike. But hours later, Alice's family couldn't find her. Alice had to visit a police station to find her family.
The hotel was on land. The girls looked and saw walls. They slowly booked the room again for next year.
Jamal gets  prepared for the exam. He turns out to ace it. Jamal becomes a police officer.
The next morning, they said they had lost his clothes! Alan was angry and unhappy. They had to reimburse him for the cost of his clothes.
Jane's parents thought the new Bill looked great for her. Jane's parents insisted that she spend her time with the same man. Bill didn't change his look back, and started dating Jane.
The company spread poisoned traps around the perimeter of his house. They put up clear signs of poison to warn his neighbors. When the company finished, Ted felt satisfied with their work.
I don't ride my bike too much because I hated getting a flat tire. I would have to lock up the bike and pick it up later in a car. I cannot ride anymore, so I don't have bike flat tires.
He stayed this summer and he would just sit in front of the AC unit all day. One day the overworked air conditioner died. Lane mourned its loss with sweat on his brow.
One day he stood by the door whining. He caught my attention to let him in, but it was too late. Finley was attacked by another dog that got into my yard.
That morning when he handed in his project he was confident. The other kids had clearly put less work into their art. His teacher looked impressed as she took it from him.
It showed how much healthier a person is when they become vegetarians. Vick decided to never eat meat again. Vick hasn't eaten meat for over 10 Years!
Both of the kids were excited, and wanted to see the sharks eat. Every time my youngest got close he would stare in wonder at the sharks. After ten minutes of waiting, the little guy finally got to see the sharks eat.
Bill sighed as he put his tools in the trunk of his car. He was going to spend his weekend talking. Bill talked for hours that weekend.
On his way in, a man stuck his arm out and offered him an umbrella. Jerome declined. Poor Jerome spent the day inside.
Brent put on his camouflage gear. Brent was not able to get a pheasant. Brent went home disappointed.
As soon as his head touched the dog, he got smacked in the head. When I tried to see if he was okay, he couldn't stop crying. My mom tried to disinfect the bruise on his head.
She put it in a bag hidden under a counter. Amy asked why to hide it. The co-worker said its the best way to get a item when on sale.
They had been separated too long. Tim ran off into class excited. His mother wept in the car for an hour.
I got in my car and took a drive. I got out and walked around a festival I saw. I bought a few cool treats and items.
She walked home slowly glad he was ignoring her now. Amy's mother tried to get her to talk, but Amy refused. Her mother felt helpless as her daughter dragged herself to her room.
The person left a voicemail of breathing on the phone. I felt nervous and checked who is on the number was. After a several minute message, they hung up.
One day, a girl from school told Nelly to stop following her. Nelly couldn't remember the way home. Nelly confessed she followed the girl because she didn't know the way home.
Hours later he got really sick and was rushed to the hospital. He was having an allergic reaction to tomato sauce. The lady who baked the cake unknowingly used nuts for the frosting.
Everyone was used to seeing him with long, wavy hair. He didn't want to disrupt that expectation. Bill was annoyed that his head remained overheated.
The game started with Jacob as the goalie The opponents shot the ball several times Jacob didn't stop any goals because of the shoes and lost the soccer game
After the gym, they decided to go to the park, where their favorite part is feeding the ducks. The ducks are friendly today and eat from their hands. They finally have to go home, but they are excited for next week!
When I got home, I decided to shovel the snow for my parents. They were very happy when I finished all of the shoveling. My parents bought me a new game for all of my hard work.
Upon purchasing a junk car instead, he decided to take it on the highway. Craig made the bad decision to speed on the highway. He got into an accident and ruined his  just bought car.
But on Christmas eve, his mom called him downstairs. There, Chris's dad, in Santa costume, was leaving presents. Chris's faith in Santa Claus was renewed!
He asked if she needed anything else. Ianna decided to take the money and run. The worker called the police.
She frowned as she remember about the result of the examinations yesterday. She could no longer contain her disappointment. Her entire class had failed the examination.
Bill and his friends were eager to try the rides. The roller coaster got fixed and they ran into it. They couldn't believe how fast it went, riding it ten times that day!
She got out of the shower to investigate When she got out she heard it again. Someone was trying to rob her house
She still thinks about her late husband, and said she missed him while doing errands today. Her older sister went over to help her feel better without telling her new husband. We made plans to see her soon.
However, he accidentally fell asleep. When he woke up, he ran to the oven. He found out that he had forgotten to turn it off.
After working hard for Years to earn money, Zack bought a zoo. He began slowly letting the animals go. Zack's zoo has become very empty!
She decided to make some life changes. She started seeing a life coach. It made a world of difference!
He felt humiliated but was determined to make an impression. He swaggered on stage swinging his branches with gusto. Everyone laughed and Mark got rave reviews in the school paper.
At first Jonas has headaches when he smokes. However, eventually he can smoke all day and feel OK. Jonas is very proud that he has continued to smoke.
Afterwards there is a knock on the door. As soon as the roommate opens the door he sees a guy on the other side. Jill tells him the man is her brother who told her the unfortunate news.
She decided to consult her horoscopes to see if it would go well. Her horoscope told her she'd have great success on that day. Anna was relieved and encouraged.
He acted very aggressive. His roommate confronted him about it. Tim apologized and ran to his room.
When I made my first pass down the hill I was going too fast. I flew off of my sled and landed in the snow. I was okay and decided not to use that segment of the hill.
The tickets were already in an envelope in the living room. As Amber cried her boyfriend tried not to laugh. Amber cried when she opened the tickets on her birthday.
But there were other things I wanted to show but I didn't know how. My friend recommended I use a pivot table. I used a pivot table and it worked great!
When he opened the milk a wonderful odor filled the room. Ken checked the expiration date on the gallon. There was almost a month to go before it expired, and Ken put it back in the fridge.
My greyhound's ears perked right up and he stared down at the track. He was sad that there was no more races that day. I managed to hold him back, but I always wondered if he might have won if I put him in a race.
People grew tired of the stories and stopped talking to the girl. She realized what she was missing and was sorry she never dated Albert. She forgave herself and then began to date others.
While driving on their street he runs over something and gets a flat. He pulls over to the side of the street and waits for help. Help arrives and helps him fix his flat.
Lucy's grandma was cooking and wouldn't take her so she recruited her grandpa. She wanted to wake grandpa. Lucy was stuck her friends house until he woke up and picked her up.
Christina married young to the only girl I had ever seen her date. I knew when she would visit her folks by the sounds of her wife's loud car. Christina had a horrific car accident and has extensive brain damage.
I dressed lightly and stayed in. When I stayed in, my body was comfortable from the cool air inside. It took me all day to want to go out in the heat!
She went to visit her grandparents. Jane bought paint and some pictures give them on her visit. After an entire day of the trip, Jane's grandparents were very happy.
So she cleared some extra space, and planted the herbs where they would get plenty of sun. Once sprouted she transplanted them into small pots. Now, she keeps a shelf of herbs growing at all times.
She went to the store to buy a new one. On her first call she got no answer. She decided she would call back later that evening.
The teacher heard about it. She sat him down in a meeting. She mad him stop telling myths.
With his help, she applied at hotels, banks, and stores. She was confident she would receive an offer from one of them. After 2 weeks she hadn't heard back from any of them
He dresses like he is just 20 years old. Last night, he wore a dark colored shirt. I can't wait to see what he wears tonight at dinner!
After the movie, they made up a new game called street ball. They played it all afternoon. Greg was happy he wasn't bored.
She was so scared! She rode the horse down the trail as the jockey led her and did not fall off. Jai knew she would remember her amazing experience forever!
The popcorn and drinks were delivered on time. The movie was also good. We gave a good tip, as the waitress was nice.
One day, his girlfriend bought him a boxer puppy as a present. Sean was excited to get to know his puppy. He fell in love with his puppy.
My family was trapped in our house for days. We lived for a while until the roads were cleared. After the storm, we went back to business as usual.
They acquired many terrible players for this season who would perform badly. After a while, it looked like the warriors would be the worst team. In the end, they lost the world championship!
When he said the answer out loud, the official at first declared it wrong. Afterwards, the right answers was announced. Jason argued that he said the same answer with a different accent.
He hit the weight room all winter long and also worked on his speed. He surprised all the coaches at tryouts in the spring. He made the team and scored a bunch of points for the team.
Still, he started reading books right away. By the end of the month he had miraculously read 52 different books. A few days later, he learned that he won the the prize!
Because of the snow, kids cheered. Many wanted to go out to play in the snow. It was hard staying inside.
She helped her friends practice every day for a month. The day of tryouts came and Meg's friends cheered her on. Meg made the team!
There was also a dance. After it was over, the audience played more games. Eventually, the show was over.
Then he decided to teach himself to play piano on a different piano. He studied the music daily. Soon he was a very talented pianist!
The box is big enough for my son's friends to play too. The sandbox has been a real hit amongst the other children in the neighborhood. I am going to build another box hoping my son will like it.
She kept them warm under a white blanket. In a few weeks, all of them were sold. Kell was so pleased she earned money.
Once that was done, she swept the living room until it was spotless and ready to be mopped. All of a sudden her little brothers burst in and made a big mess. She had to start all over again.
He fixed a shower and toilet. Tami thanked him for fixing the plumbing. Tami's husband was pleased.
Bob picked up a few books at the library instead. When Bob decided that he was done, he checked out his books and headed home. When Bob got home, he realized that he forgot to pay his library fine.
The doctors said he would never have a child of his own. But, Bob was eager to have a child. Eventually, Bob adopted a child.
Earlier Matt told Kyle what he could do to improve his game, and Kyle listened. After a few more days at camp, Kyle begin to beat everyone. The others then asked Kyle to help him improve his basketball skill.
It took them 20 minutes to figure out the right path back out. The sun set and it got dark after they finished their hike. When they emerged from the woods they felt a great sense of relief.
He had wanted to be a successful artist. He would have become very interested in politics. His strong determination to succeed would have made him very well known.
He didn't know who it was for. He knew keeping it would be immoral. His roommates admired his decision to send the coat back.
The sun was behind clouds. Sally didn't need sunscreen now. So Sally didn't have to go home.
The landlord had agreed to remove the shed at his expense. My husband and I agreed that I should stay home to take care of these things. I was glad to be there to handle all of the appointments!
He went to a shady veterinarian instead who said that Paul needed an operation.. Paul woke up from the surgery and seen his foot had been amputated. He became chronically depressed because of the amputation.
One day, Rex saw a little bird hopping on the street. Rex managed to slip off his chain and took the bird by surprise. He grabbed the bird and bit it, to the horror of all the kids.
She stepped onto the ice and he fell. A man was laughing and he helped her up. She had a fun afternoon at the rink.
She thought he'd be shy and afraid. She worried about it all day. When she picked him she realized she was right!
One day Tim made the winning basket. Brad planted a kiss on his cheek. Tim got a bloody nose and ran off in embarrassment.
She walked into the room very nervous. Then she took the actual test. It was easier than she was thought.
Amy decided she would pack her own lunch tomorrow. Amy made a sandwich and grabbed chips to go with. At lunch her friends were jealous of her homemade lunch.
When she arrived, she didn't know what to do. They put her to work within an hour. Kalyn was so pleased to have done well for her club.
One night in bed, they heard the alarm go off. They called the police and hid in the bathroom. Needless to say, they moved out and found a better neighborhood.
There I spent forever looking for one. I finally found the perfectly awesome choice. But it didn't fit when I went back to my truck.
She had read all of her musical books. Her mother told her next week she would go back to school. Sally was so excited to be back with her friends.
She knew she would just waste the money on clothes. She couldn't spend any of the money in her bank account. She now has plenty of money saved.
As she walked home from class she tried checking her missed texts, but her phone was broken. But she remembered that her mother wanted her to get milk. Gina happily stopped at the store to buy the milk.
My opponent wrestled a great match with someone else. He ended up getting him in a choke hold. He tapped out.
He put on his apron and started the stove. The stove hit his face with a mighty flare. He turned around and decided to order in instead.
After his shower he was hungry. He asked his roommates if they wanted food. Bill wound up making them breakfast as well
After getting a new job, Chris gets called into his manager's office. Chris receives a promotion. Chris celebrates with his friends.
When it was winter, snow was piled high atop her car. Gina could barely see her white car. All she could see where the black tires.
Greg did not want to watch any more losing games. However he wanted to support his team. Greg watched the next game, hoping for the best.
She went to a Starbucks in the supermarket and they refused her card. She drove to a store and got a frappachino for free. I wonder why the supermarket Starbucks could not help her.
To make things worse, during their trip he was ambushed by armed ruffians! They held him at gunpoint and stole his money! Bill was sad at the loss of his entire savings.
The next day, the teacher announced extra stuff the exam covered. He also passed the exam packet. Ian became nervous since he studied the wrong material.
John and I played video games. We built a custom world in Minecraft. I had so much fun, I was exhausted!
She looked at her milk carton to see the expiration date. And it wouldn't expire for two more weeks. She was glad she had plenty of time left to enjoy it and kept drinking.
On the day of the play, they put on their costumes and makeup. They sang and danced and performed for a large crowd. The audience clapped out of pity for the children.
Tom went riding and got lost. His parents noticed he was missing and went to look for him Tom was never allowed to ride his bike except on their street again.
He rescheduled it and when he went to the appointment, it was the wrong day. He apparently wrote it for the wrong date. Now Jim double checks his appointments.
I hope to do well on my exams. I have been think about studying. I am not confident that I will ace the tests.
He shared his room with a teammate from the high school track team. Thomas came home and caught his roommate stealing the furniture. Thomas tried to stop him but was shot and killed by his roommate.
Cheryl lived with her husband. She couldn't find her cell phone on her nightstand. Cheryl felt safe with her husband at home.
At the show she found a piece she really hated. Kelly then decided to ruinit. When she got home in her room no one suspected a thing.
I tried to hit on her her by complimenting her appearance. Instead of taking the compliment she got angry. When I laughed at that she called me a jerk.
I went off on my own in the mall. I took a diamond ring from a store without paying. I had a very bad encounter with security.
They shattered at they hit the metal dishwasher just right. Carl carefully picked up the pieces of the dishes. He cleaned up all the ceramic shards without cutting himself.
She went to a nice quiet coffee shop before the show. The barista told her she'd just missed Chris Adler at the cafe! Mary didn't know that was Megadeth's guitarist.
Unfortunately, they had already spent a lot for the buffet price. So, they made sure to take some home. That way they didn't feel so guilty.
He trained for hours before the accident. James was really devastated. James ended up being so depressed.
Before, they debated over the perfect gift. On Christmas, they waited to see his reaction. He was so pleased to unwrap his red sweater!
She witnessed two cars spin off the road. Both drivers got out of their car without injury. Allison learned to always be attentive while driving.
On the first trip is when it sank. I felt bad and decided to have it towed out. I regret buying an expensive boat and wish I would have not splurged.
One day she visited Washington State to try the sushi. She loved how it tasted. From that day forward, that sushi place was her favorite.
The dealer says that Sam must come back later. However, the dealer tells Sam that Sam's credit is very bad. Sam was forced to by a bicycle instead.
When Nina heard her, she appreciated the comment. Nina was so thankful. She didn't get a chance to thank the girl before she left.
A customer states there is hair in the food. The customer wants a refund. Jay's boss had to give it to her.
She was nervous and wished she had someone to hold her hand. However once the piercing was done, Tori was surprised to find it barely hurt at all! Now she shows off her pierced ears with pride.
She went over and introduced herself and they started to talk. They became great friends and talked a long time. When the storm passed, they decided to go eat together.
One day, his doctor told him about an experimental surgery. Will prayed on it, and decided to undergo the surgery. It was a successful miracle, and Will could walk again.
Steve was nervous that he wouldn't play well under pressure. His friend convinced him to come to one practice as a tryout. Steve performed well with everyone watching and ended up joining!
But it wasn't the truffles she had thought. It was the fungi truffles, not the candy truffles. She was happy she didn't like truffles anyways for the rest of the dinner.
Then one day his teacher made an announcement. They had a new student, a Honduran girl named Ora! Omar and Ora quickly became great friends!
His grandparents didn't own a cell phone at the time. One day, Will got a random letter in the mail. He read it and was surprised it was from his grandparents.
She knew everyone. She never sat alone at her lunch table. There were always some nice girls that would come up and sit with her.
He gave me some non-diet health advice, and I began to follow his advice while also eating healthy. I ate healthy foods and followed my doctor's other advice for months and felt a change. Even at an old age, I felt healthy again.
Iris had no idea how it would work out. Iris went in shaking. Luckily when she passed the interview.
He was sad he didn't get to playl. He saw his teammate score a touchdown. Everyone cheered the teammate on.
So he let his daughter play her role at home. Then he saw his little girl playing her role. He was so moved, he nearly cried!
It started again and I went outside to see where the noise was coming from. It was coming from my next door neighbor's house. I went over and ask him to turn the music down.
Sandy continued talking to her boyfriend on the phone. As Sandy was leaving, Sandy saw Jim outside the door. Sandy realized that Jim was eavesdropping on her conversation.
Alfredo buys a great stereo system and tv on sale at a local store. He sets it up at home and it sounds great! Alfredo feels happy now that he has a new stereo system and tv at home.
She bought one at the store. He tried it on but it was way too easy. She had taken his little brother's video game advice!
I would slide really fast. I broke my arm one slide. I had to get a bright green cast.
I'm going to be fine. I will soon be home cooking hot dogs. I don't want them to go bad.
He can't sleep the night before they are set to drive to Denver. But by the time he gets in the car he is exhausted. He is so tired that he stops and sleeps at a rest stop.
They had to wear body suits to go in the water. They would get hypothermia otherwise. Fortunately they still had a good time.
He found out a lot of facts about the local cuisine. There was so much information to learn! Neil found Sicily very educational.
Amy had tried the burrito before and was unimpressed. But that night she dreamed of the burrito. Amy ended up eating Chipotle for 5 days straight.
She decided to walk around the perimeter of the playground. She thought it would look like she was exercising. She wanted to avoid looking lazy.
Patricia told stories about her creations to her parents once she got her new blocks. In school, Patricia developed an interest in making things as well. Patricia would later become a mechanical engineer.
She decided to check it out the reviews. It turned out other people said that was a virus too. Dani didn't download it and she kept the virus off her phone.
Mike looked at his friend's answers. The teacher thought Mike was cheating. The teacher was very disappointed.
She went to the store and bought lots of stuff. When she got home she made her a giant breakfast. She was so full and happy!
Randy taunted the player with a soft lob of a pitch. The player swung hard and missed. The crowd roared with laughter at the terrible display.
We acted out the scenes and filmed them. After that, we edited the footage. When we were done, the skit looked as good as it could given the set deficiencies.
Gina's car was having a hard time getting it to stop. She realized she would need to get her brake pads replaced. Just then a van pulled up behind her and she was unable to back up.
The orientation was a grand celebration. John had a great time at the orientation. John thought it was silly that anyone would not want to attend.
Then her mom offered a solution. She let Macy borrow her dad's tux. Macy loved the gorgeous tux.
He went online and researched how best to fix the bike up so he could sell it for a profit. He purchased what he needed and spent many hours working on it. After a few days, Frank was finished and the bike was like new.
When he turned around, his two cats were waiting for him. He looked at them for a minute. They seemed grumpy that he didn't drop any milk.
Some of them declined me. I eventually never asked anyone out. I get to live alone my entire life.
While he was speaking, I checked my schedule. The database states that all of my classes were registered. I was glad that I didn't have to go to the registration office.
No matter how long she tried to force them in the sheets wouldn't fit. She learned that the heating element had broken anyway. London had to take all her wet clothes to the laundromat.
Suddenly he came across a bear. He stood his ground and waved his arms to look bigger. The bear finally turned and wandered off the other way.
I could never seem to record them correctly. One time, I missed ten recordings in a row! Amazon decided to ban me.
However, everyone hated it. Tim began to cry. He then was happy when he realized his dog loved the potato stew.
Her boss took her downtown to take a train home. There were only a few trains so they were all packed. Amy had to stand on an overcrowded train 20 minutes to get home.
Alan felt that the price of an oil change was too high. Alan went home and learned how to change the car's oil himself. He saved a lot of money by doing it on his own the next time it was needed.
She knew the song to perfection. After one minute the song was over and she turned the radio off. That song was still her favorite after all this time.
I was an only child and felt really bad. Being honest, I really wanted to have a little brother. I was old enough to understand the pain that miscarriage caused.
When the teacher announced the novice category, she didn't call Ben, so he sadly thought he'd lost in that category too. Then she announced first place, and she named him. She had been saving the best for last!
Ed's father said the new laptop is defective and will have to return it. Ed asked his father if he had tried pushing the power button. Ed's father pushed the power button, and the new laptop started working.
After jumping in, I was glad I remembered to take my phone out of my pocket. I climbed out of the water to check on my phone, and it was fine. I left my friend's house with my working phone.
He had a reaction to it and had to stop. Once he got away from his friend he was fine. Adam won't run with his friend again.
He avoided the many temples scattered throughout the city. He also didn't eat the traditional Asian meals they sold on the street. Beijing was easily his least favorite city in China.
He barged on the bathroom door. But it took 15 more minutes for his sister to get out. Ian ran into the bathroom so quickly that he slipped on the floor.
She was heard crying from inside one of the toilet cubicles. A little girl asked her what was wrong. She told her she wanted to hike but couldn't because of work.
Around night time, Jane saw Dan in front of her house. He told her to come outside. He broke up with her.
Her mom said she should start buying her own. Sara refused to buy one. After a few months, she then was convinced by her mom.
He started to cry in happiness. The doctor said he was as healthy as a horse. Tim decided to play in the grass again.
One day, they caught him in the act. They were OK and let him stay. Remy never left and tried to find a new place to live.
Tyler said hi to the pretty girl. They started a conversation. The pretty girl was flattered, and gave Tyler her number.
She offered him money to get a gift. He was delighted to receive money as a gift. He bought new chess pieces and now Ally and Tyler play chess every week with his beautiful pieces.
Clem made a sillier face. His baby laughed then laughed. Clem's wife smacked him, and everyone stopped laughing.
A workmate offered to be her friend in exchange for the toy. She reluctantly agreed and gave it away. Helena wasn't very satisfied with the exchange.
The next day, Jimmy and his friends rode their bikes to the theater. They sneaked in through a back entrance. A theater employee found them, and kicked them out.
Afterwards, he put them on his plate. Oil splashed on his arm afterwards. Timmy ran his arm through water to treat his burn.
This was enough however, and so she had an idea. She would go out for lunch to a pizzeria tomorrow. She then ate the best pizza of her life the next day.
I put on my old clothes and shoes. I walked to the garden plot. I planted seeds of the vegetables that I needed.
My brother received a gaming console also. I threw the my console on the ground. However, it broke and microchips came out of it.
Two men were attacking a dog, kicking it hard. I rushed to help, threw the dog in my car, and drove us both away. The dog licked me in thanks, though shaken, and I took her home.
She was a little nervous and scared she would mess up, but wrote it anyway. She turned the article into her editor. The editor read her article and loved it.
She saved money for it. However, it's still not available on heir place. She still had to wait for weeks.
He cheats on vanessa. Vanessa founds out. They divorce.
She packed her favorite picnic blanket, water, and snacks. Once Beth arrived at the park, she realized she forgot her sunscreen! Luckily, her friend Jill was there, and let Beth use hers.
I was still excited! Alas, my mother died the day of the release. Therefore, I was too sad to see Star Wars.
Richard forces himself to finish the survey. It goes much longer than he thought. Richard is proud of himself for completing it.
She could not decide between two recipes for the cake. Finally, she selected the more chocolatey cake. She loved it.
When it was New Years, he threw out all his cigarettes. He craved cigarettes all week but was able to refrain from smoking. He finally was able to get rid of his cravings after a month.
The notice on the front door said that the post office tried to deliver a package. I sat down in the front room to wait for my parents. My mother came in and and offered me a ride to the post office.
One day he was fouled really hard. He complained to the ref but was ignored. Ever since then he started being less violent.
Jake asked what the special was. Jake's waiter responded rudely. Jake spoke to the manager about it.
It was his first, a car had crashed into a house. A little boy was trapped in the car. Jim saved the little boy.
When they both notice an awful smell coming from somewhere in the theater. When they go to investigate they find that the theater was flooded and they couldn't leave. They have to spend all night in the theater.
We ate Greek style  pizzas were thicker. For a few years we ate only Greek style pizza. Most of the shops are now gone.
While she was out she saw a pretty one. She bought it and brought it home. Unfortunately it was too small combined with the tree and wouldn't fit.
The children screamed as some bird flew crazily into the window. I got a broom and managed to chase it away. It seemed eerily quiet after all that.
The factory worker felt bad for giving the girls candy. When Allie tasked the chocolate, she broke out in gives. Allie left the factory in am ambulance.
They finally sent him to anger management classes. He hated being there. In time though, he got much better.
She quickly identified that Timmy left after roll call. Laura searched the playground knowing she had seen Timmy that morning. There was Timmy in the sandbox playing with a stray cat he had found!
As a result, I am not thorough when I brush my hair. One day, I ended up with a dread that i couldn't untangle. I had to cut my hair off.
Eventually, the recruiter accepted Jon. Jon went through navy seals boot camp. Alas, Jon was killed in a live-fire exercise.
Sandra stopped working at a fast food restaurant. Later she wanted a job that she liked better. Now Sandra works at a hedge fund company with better working conditions.
The coach selected him for the team because of his great swing. The team lost the first game because of Ryder's home run. Ryder was depressed that's why he quit.
Her boss passes her friend over for a girl with no experience, just big boobs. Jill's friend starts thinking about getting implants. But Jill convince her to quit her job instead.
Her belly distended a little but she could still see her feet. She asked the sales agent to help her try on the shoes in the store. She decided to buy the shoes, upon the recommendations of the agent.
Joy calls him up and he tells her to come over. Joy prints out instructions from online so they can learn together. Joy got to learn a new game and bond with her grandfather.
Jane decide to get her hair cut anyway, even though its old-fashioned. She loves the way she looks in her new bob haircut. Jenny feels very happy with the way she looks now.
Eventually her mom changed her mind, and Sally decided to not get a puppy from a pet store and go with a breeder. Sally found a beagle puppy from a breeder she liked. Sally bought the puppy and brought it home.
His mom came in and Bill begged him to check the closet. Bill's mom opened the closet door and turned on the light. There was nothing inside but Bill's clothes!
She didn't have to swerve to avoid anythng. Kayla's car didn't strike a large tree. Kayla didn't have to call a tow company to remove it.
I wasn't able to move the cow back to the pen. I fixed the weak spot in my fence. I hope no more cows try to test my fence.
When I arrived, I realized I didn't pack the correct clothing. Thus, for three days I was sweating a lot. Finally, I decided to go shopping and get some tank tops.
Gina had a report due in 30 days. She knew it would be tight. But she had no choice other than to wait.
On her last day there a terrible storm hits and is still raging in the morning. The flight back home from Paris has been cancelled. Joni is very disappointed.
But I did want to gain just a bit of muscle so I decided to do wrist circles with 20 pounds of weight. After a few months, my forearms were muscular! Alas, I didn't work the rest of my body so I looked weird.
It helped him handle his fears. Sam made sure to drive slow and safely. Eventually he gets to his destination.
Then he was sleepy and took a nap. Finally, his owner came home and realized he'd gotten out. His owner called him back inside, and he went to sleep for the night happy.
He didn't talk to anyone at school. He didn't even talk to his teachers. But Ken was reassured that his mother would always love him.
She took out a loan and after the surgery she awoke feeling apprehensive. She wondered if her risky surgery had fixed her vision at all. Then she opened her eyes, and saw the world in perfect 20/20 vision!
I did have enough time to write a good paper. I wrote an email to my professor and explained that I was very optimistic. She took pride in me and let me turn the paper in early.
It irritates me that he tries to speak with me anytime I leave. He has made me late for work and appointments. One day, I finally yell at him and I have not heard from him since.
She got in her car and went to an automobile repair shop. The guy fixed the hole in the window. She was glad the draft was eliminated.
But the stores near her house were always running out of the water. Gina often had to visit another store to get enough. It was inconvenient, but Gina felt it was worth it.
I decided to visit her. I got to the top floor and peered outside the window. The view was beautiful.
So I looked around the house for things to cook with. Afterwards, I was too tired to cook I put the ingredients in the fridge to cook another day.
She gasped in shock at what she'd almost done. Her parents raced in from the next room. Instead of yelling at her, they hugged her, glad she was okay.
Alas, his chest wouldn't grow. He decided to do the bench press instead. After a few months, his chest became huge and muscular.
Matt's parents never golfed before. Matt's parents had more fun offroading in the golf cart. Matt scoffed and laughed at the same time at his parent's behavior.
The girls dribbled the ball around and scored in the opposite goal. By the end of the game, Monica's team won in pride. The coach handed out trophies and Monica smiled in delight.
While we waited for the meteors, we noticed clouds all over the sky. After a minute, it began to rain very hard and we were glad we were inside. It ended up raining all night, and we missed the meteor shower.
And he made a lot of effort to become successful. Hank realized if he worked all day. He would make his dreams a reality.
The cat rolled over into the water and it splashed everywhere! Jimmy had to clean up the water with some paper towels. Afterwards, he dried his cat with a t-shirt.
He decided to repair broken bicycles for money. He quit his current job and opened up his bike mechanic shop. Usman found true happiness in repairing bicycles!
She knew more than she thought. She ended up passing the test. Nala was pleasantly surprised.
Eventually, she noticed she had been losing weight. She realized it must be because of the chips. She decided to start running in addition to being careful not to eat too many chips.
So she didn't go downtown and to sit in on her assigned trial. She didn't learn the facts and then cast a vote about the defendant. Neff didn't like being part of the judicial process at all.
This time he got hurt in a fight. Jason felt badly and had no help. He quit street fighting and started taking college seriously.
Then she remembered to check the north star and head north. She followed the north star back to her camp. She found her way back safely!
Joey searched the entire house for her. He was starting to get worried as he couldn't find her. Then, she came out of the bathroom and he sighed with relief.
She was nervous for her final exam. She studied for hours and hours Bree took the exam and passed with flying colors.
He decided to put on a scarf over his eyes. Everyone thought that was a part of the gag and laughed. Liam was able to overcome his fears and become a successful comedian.
The person who stole it mixed the wrong chemicals and the explosion broke windows. He was sure his parents were going to replace his new toy. They did, but insisted on supervising him from then on.
She gathered her dirty laundry and went to the bathtub. In the bathroom, she realized she had no laundry soap to use. Alice loaded the tub with clothes and went to the store.
She said they were out of stock on Cheerios. I left an empty bag of Cheerios by her door. She came running down to tell us, only to find I tricked her.
It could be very difficult but worth it. She decided to test her skills on her family. They all loved the sushi Jessica made.
Sarah was nowhere to be seen. It was time to act. Sarah returned to find an empty bag of candy corn.
Around the 35th burpee, people started feeling dizzy. He realized that they hadn't eaten before they started. They ate breakfast and felt better.
She was relieved when it was finally winter break. Nina had a secret. She was stressed out.
The nurse convinced her to donate blood and then prepped her arm and told her to relax. The second the needle went in, Kathy fainted and hit the floor. Since then, she has chosen to donate money instead.
They went along to pick out the plants they wanted. A few weeks had passed and they saw that the plants were thriving. Three months later they were preparing meals with the vegetables.
He drifted for miles down the river before he hit some rapids. He panicked when he reached the rapids and paddled ashore. He wondered if he would have been able to safely make it through them.
He decided to make a plan. He saved all of his money for 5 years. Peter was finally able to build his own Pac-Man Arcade Cabinet.
The person looked like her teacher, which jogged Kelly's memory. Kelly realized she had a project due tomorrow. She immediately ran home to do it.
One day, a former neighbor told us he'd moved into a nearby apartment building. I called the property manager and asked if they had any free apartments. He did, and we got to move in!
They tried to get along. But there was a lot of tension between them. Gina knew it would be a long day.
She really wanted to go, but knew it would be the best. All of her classmates went to the concert and had a great time. The next day, Amanda was the only person to get an A on the test.
At first nobody could lift more than him. One man at the back of the gym approached. He lifted more than Sam with one hand and took the trophy.
He stayed up until 4 AM to finish watching it even though he was tired. The next day, his teacher didn't collect the homework he hadn't bothered doing because of the movie. Henry was relieved and obviously didn't remind her.
He cooked up vegetables for himself and he tried them. Joel could hardly believe his taste buds. He discovered that fruits and veggies were delicious!
He made half a paper volcano with lava made from vinegar and baking soda. He lazily created a poster to explain his display. He was still awarded 1st place at the science fair.
Hoping to impress her, he increased the weight on his machine. He over did it, though, and the weights weighed more than him. He ended up doing a chin-up.
But his mom knew his hate for them. She promised to never get another one but his dad didn't know this. To his despair, his next birthday had a clown present.
Kevin pointed it at the teach while he was being tackled, and pulled the trigger. The teachers head shattered from the bulled he hadn't known was in the chamber. Kevin was tried as an adult and is serving a life sentence.
He wished he could pull his old, red sled out of the garage. He wanted to go careening down the hill on his sled. James couldn't wait to go sledding again!
Now he had too much closet space. He bought a whole new wardrobe. He was sure not to buy too much so that he could fit it all in his closet.
The vet thinks Ziggy has OCD. Ziggy begins to take fluoxetine daily. Ziggy is less anxious since starting the medication.
There were a lot of different other options. We found some well priced items and bought three bottles. In the shower later I found out they were lotion.
He was inspired by this person's kindness. He began studying to become a nurse. He felt great about being able to help so many people.
He headed to the bus stop and sat down to wait. He looked up and saw the bus coming. He felt relieved as he boarded the bus.
He was happy. He questioned Mary about why she was so happy. He realized it was a secret and she wouldn't tell him.
She tripped and twisted her ankle before the game. She had fell to the ground in pain. Her teammates, her coach helped her recover by sitting out.
No one liked to be around him because of his bragging. Tom married a woman who was deaf and could not hear his singing. Eventually his wife and all of her friends found no problem with Tom.
He went and got one, then he put a banana peel in the path his sister would be walking. She did step on it, but it just got squished. She was pretty angry at him for trying to make her fall.
Still, the cake the bought was weird. It was very dry and crumbly. Luckily, all of the ladies enjoyed it with frosting and ice cream.
When he tripped they flew onto his white shirt. His mother shook her head saying it might leave a stain. Bobby got in trouble for not being careful.
Zoey went outside, and got her bike out of the garage. Zoey missed spending time with her mother. She learned how to ride her bicycle all alone.
On the resume, she put her friend's phone numbers as fake references. She was really worried that they would find out. Luckily, they didn't and she got the job.
Her friend's dog had puppies right before Christmas time. Her parents decided not to get her the puppy as a gift. She might have fallen in love with him and called him Mac.
He gathered some friends and told them about it. His friends were too mellow for Brian's enthusiasm. Brian organized his own, more swinging jazz event.
The next year he travels to the river to try fishing for salmon. Jake eats the first salmon he catches from the river. Jake is very happy that he has finally caught some fish.
Kim's sister was upset that she didn't bring his gift. Kim told her sister that the silly string she got as a gift stained walls with flat paint. Her sister thanked her for forgetting when she found out.
He was so distraught he didn't know what to say! He got tears in his eyes and kept praying over and over. Then his doctors took his parents and little sisters to see him.
Libby was kind and needed money badly, so she worked again the next night . Her very last table of the night left her a $100 tip. Libby was so glad she had agreed to work late again!
She then discovers she's bleeding. Jessie helps Dana to the car and rush to the hospital. Later that night, Dana has a miscarriage.
Eventually, my doctor said my calcium levels were almost normal. I had also lost some weight from drinking the skim milk. I decided to use calcium supplements in addition to the skim milk.
He knew every answer on the show and it wasn't fun anymore. He celebrated too hard at his win and his relationships were ruined. The audience gasped as he ran off with his hosting money.
Every week she goes to the store and buys five tickets. One time she checked her tickets in the morning and found out she won $5,000. Courtney went to the lottery office to claim her prize.
They broke a branch and fell out of the tree. They both got minor injuries. Their accident caused their parents to call an ambulance.
The nail colorist paints her nails blue. Dana loves it. Dana finally has a new color for her nails.
His life was now being consumed by fitness and he loved it. Joe checked himself into a gym center. He now lives a happy and sober life.
He played with a small dog he saw. The boy held the dog while his mom payed for clothes at the register. His mother found the dog in the car but did not return it.
While on the walk, Ted's youngest daughter fell. Ted saw an alligator approaching as he tried to help his daughter get back up. At the last moment, Ted got hold of his child and pulled her to safety
Alex's parents were glad that he had sought some type of work. Alex had gone to a job fair. Alex was hired for a new minimum wage job.
At night he heard thumps coming from the attic. One night he ventured upstairs and looked around. Brian discovered a nest of baby squirrels, he was scared so ran away.
He painted the room using special paint. He miscalculated and ran out of paint. The paint is no longer available.
She kept the cat and made a cozy bed for it until the owner could pick it up. The cat appreciated Harley's kindness. For an afternoon the cat and Harley kept each other company and enjoyed their day.
He often would eat the food while he prepped it. One day the manager caught him eating the food. The manager fired Stan.
Suddenly, the shopping car jerked forward and fell rolling out of control. The groceries ended up in the floor. Ana felt really sad and upset.
After my brother got the ball, I ran after him. I ended up falling on him. His arm became broken.
Later, she responded by telling me she hated me because I don't contact her. I snapped at her for being so rude. Becky is not speaking to me anymore.
Deb was worried she was going to spend too much money. When Deb began shopping she kept on finding great sales. She found everything she needed and had money left over.
But her parents were sitting at the table waiting for her. They told Emma her teachers had all called and told them everything. Emma was grounded until her grades improved!
I pulled over my car to look at them. They were mostly beautiful. I picked out the ones I wanted and put them in my car.
He thought of his uncle, who has a simple but happy life. Lucius realized he didn't fear aging. He drove to his uncle's house after school to be with him.
Selena didn't have to convince them to do it. Eventually she was able to get everyone in one place. The photo was taken and Selena knew her efforts were worth it.
It was thick and scruffy. He knew he would miss it. He had to shave it for the job.
When she got to work, her supervisor greeted her. Other co workers also seemed extra friendly. The acts of kindness made her smile.
However, the boy she liked liked another girl. May offered to take the girl to get ice cream. May knew it was serious when Lucy declined.
She had a nice meal with her friends It comes time to do the dishes Jill reaches for her soap and it's gone!
She got a bunch of sour candies from Santa yesterday. She has been smiling all day because of it. She ended up having toothache.
He decides to learn how to cook a roast. He practices cooking roasts many times until he is an expert. He is very happy to be saving money by cooking at home.
They overcharged for everything anyway. Food and the tickets were overpriced. I am much happier with my Netflix subscription instead.
She saw a woman leaving Adam's house late at night. She got confused and starting making loud noises. She was arrested.
Olympia was a mean cat. But the kids, as well as my wife and I, fell in love instantly. Mean Olympia is now a part of our family!
She lay in bed shivering with fever unable to warm up. She sneezed and shivered the whole night. The next morning she was still sick, but went to school anyway.
The information backed up the lead of the article. Rich yelled to print the paper faster! That was the only time in his career he rushed the press machine.
He picked her up and they went to a beach to take pictures. But Charles had to take off his shoes and walk in the sand. Charles' toe was completely infested with fungi, he was embarrassed.
He trained for weeks and weeks trying to go heavier. He seemed to have no success, until the day finally arrived. Pat broke his record and lifted 410 pounds!
But his creativity was running out! Josh decided to take a lunch break to recuperate. After the break, he felt fresh and ready to write more for his novel.
Fred was having fun. All the sudden he got hungry. His dad made them a snack.
However, the sauce was perfect. To her surprise, the store was still open and she went. Thankfully she found some aloe Vera nearby to heal it.
She had to let him go because she didn't want to be tied down. Letting go broke her heart and made her very sad. She had to say goodbye to love and hopes to be happy again one day.
However, Stanley picked someone who wasn't stubborn. She told the coach that she wanted to join his team. She also said that Stanley was handsome.
The worst thing was it was brand new. She asked friends to call her so she could give them her new number. She finally found the old phone under her bed.
She wanted to know about the brand new desks in their classroom. Gina and her friends told her all they knew. Gina hoped the crossing guard would be able to see the new desks.
She went to work and came home as usual. She could tell she was hungry for more fajitas. She loved the taste of them.
Suddenly, everyone discovered they had forgotten food. Martin was a skilled fisherman. Martin caught many fish so that everyone could eat later on.
On an internet chat room he met Duane, a teenager trying to be a comedian. The teenager started telling jokes like he learned from Kevin. But Kevin was offended and stopped chatting with the teenager.
The depression hit her all at once. She didn't know where to turn for help. A friend found Martha in her weakened state and took her to a therapist.
It was clear and dry on the roads. He had a smooth drive. His truck didn't slide off the road and Tim was ok.
He took one in his lunch every day. The bananas were sweet and filling. Sammy could eat them all day!
But she can't sleep so she decided to look  at an app on her phone, she compared hotel prices. There was one good place with a deal for $40 a night. She decided to go there.
There was a big television in the house. Lucas stayed inside for many weeks. He felt immensely happy having his parents watch TV with them.
He was right. He finally had enough. He told them they could end it quickly.
He made us coffee with milk and sugar. He also made tea with lemon so we could compare. We had never had tea or coffee this way and were astounded.
I quickly called Jeff and he confirmed the bus was running on schedule. Running to the bus stop, I quickly got to the restaurant. It was good to finally see my friends after a week!
Finally he asked his friend Jean to dance with him. It helped him overcome his fear and worries. Now he often dances with girls at social clubs.
Besides crafting, they'd also hit each other with them. Pool noodles were a fun, cheap toy. They bought a dozen of them the next time they went to the store!
Her hot coffee was in between her legs. Fortunately it did not splash on her. She later noticed, a bit got was on her pants.
Rick then fall a sleep and when Rick woke up he couldn't see anyone. He realized his body was buried completely underground. His friends thought it'd be funny, and left him there in deep trouble.
The teacher took several days to grade it Jane got a perfect score. She was happy to do well on the test.
Someone pulled the handle and waited to see what he did or didn't win. All of a sudden, three sevens showed up and bells started ringing. Someone had won the jackpot and was very happy!
Her friend told her that it was called salmon. Florence tried a few bites and thought they tasted good. When she went home she was happy to have tried something new.
The soldiers awaited news. It was the first time they'd been worried about the president's health. The president got up said he just tripped.
They would be able to send him to a better private school. The next week Harry's parents signed him up at his new private school Harry made friends fast and adjusted well to the new school.
But Ben's friend was happy to go inside. She went inside it and saw no ghosts or spooky things at all. She told Ben the house wasn't really haunted after all!
I signed myself in and gave my insurance. The receptionist looked at me and told me I was right on time. Its always nice for people to be thankful for punctuality.
They went to many bars and had lots of drinks and were tired. Jim had become very inebriated. Jim then had to call a taxi to take him home at the end of the night.
She invited her friends to join her one evening. They decided to make a ritual of it. The next Friday night, they did the same thing!
He watched videos of the fastest texters in the world. He tried his best to emulate them His texting speed had no noticeable change.
He prepared all of his school supplies. He took too long, and ended up missing the bus. Tommy missed his first day of school.
One day, her friends convinced her to go out for bingo night so they went to the local casino Pam won several rounds of bingo. Pam now regularly goes out weekly to play bingo.
I hated them and kept them on my dresser hoping never to wear them. One school day my mom made me wear them to school. I was the only student that sat on her feet in the hall before class.
They searched the campsite near a lake in the forest but didn't find it. Jack became very upset over losing the crossbow. Eventually he calmed down and enjoyed the rest of hunting trip.
A teenage boy stopped by the house and asked her a question. Jane knew the boy was just wanting to talk to her. Jane answered the boy and went on her way with a smile.
She invested $10,000 of her life savings. Flo waited intently for her broker to call her. Flo eventually learned that she lost $100 her investment due to bad advice.
There were politicians fighting each other. One politician started calling another politician names. The other politician died from a heart attack.
The nurse took off the original and it looked gross. The nurse then replaced the bandage. It looked great after.
In the library I met someone and I asked her out on a date and she accepted. When we met each other at the restaurant, we enjoyed each other's company. We also exchanged numbers before leaving.
She was going to stay in a tent and hike from there. The day before her trip she packed her bag. She realized she needed to go out and buy a sleeping bag.
Still, I had to get a ladder and climb several steps up to get to her. A few seconds later, the ladder slipped from the ground. I ended up landing on the ground, injured.
He practiced very hard for a few weeks. Finally he was a terrific player at almost at all board games. Jimmy was very happy to be the best at the board games.
The park made the dog feel more sick. She took him to the vet who prescribed the dog medication. The dog was ordered to take it for two weeks.
My friends and I lit a firework that tipped over. Luckily the firework didn't catch fire because of all the sand. We grabbed a bucket and raced for some ocean water.
I wanted to be sure I had gotten all of it. We had a small back yard. It was one of my first times cutting the grass.
I ended up falling off the horse and breaking my ankle. I was completely embarrassed. The next day at school, I had to use crutches.
He tracked me down via all of my social media. After ignoring him for so long, I confronted him and told him to stop. He didn't stop until I blocked him from all social media.
Her mom said that she would be working that weekend anyway. Instead, her mom drove a friend's daughter to a college interview. Lana found out on Facebook, and was indifferent.
One day my wife was parking her car in the condo lot. The mother said she fixed dents, and fixed our car for free. We were grateful.
While sitting, he never got a tug on his pole. There was no fish to pull up, and no sun shining. John couldn't believe the terrible weather, it brought him to tears.
So he decided to get in trouble again so he'd get more detention. He cursed at the teacher. And so he got more detention.
One night she decided to actually delete the alarm instead of just dismissing it. She turned off and went back to sleep. The alarm never went off at midnight again.
He brought out a popsicle and Jake's eyes lit up like stars. Jake and his grandfather spent the whole day talking and walking. They had a wonderful day together bonding over the park.
He walked with her. He enjoyed being at the park. It made for a nice story for him and his grandmother.
It took a couple minutes to find one. She decided to get a cheap one. She couldn't have been happier.
They got ready and walked. The walk was nice. The gym had air-conditioning on.
She remembered there was a spare can of paint in the garage. For a while she wondered what she could use the yellow paint on. She decided to paint the shutters of her home yellow.
They searched the neighborhood because he couldn't be found. They eventually found him in the closet. They now tell his kids this story to remind him.
Betty had a nice walk, though. She even took a photograph. Betty went home to show her mother how nice the beach was.
He checked his email several times per day. He received an email from his third-choice school. He was glad to hear that he was accepted.
So he drove down to the gas station at 2 AM. And he added $140 of premium gas. But he was too poor and his card went into overdraft.
It was their favorite film! The movie lasted all night. They had watched their favorite movie.
Dan decided to buy a weed eater. He used it once a week to rip up the new grass. Dan's cobblestone walkway now is grass free.
It was a ruffian! She yelled at them not to come back. She was so annoyed!
He went to the bathroom and lathered his face in hair removal cream. He then used a towel to wipe his face. George was happy to see that had a smooth face.
At one moment, a large seagull appeared on the beach. It wouldn't stop moving around. I tried to scare it out of our spot however, it was chasing me.
They'd clean them up and get rid of their fleas. Once they were well enough, they'd find them a new home. It made them happy to create these friendships.
He knew he needed something to pick him up. He pulled into the nearest drive thru. And there it was, a donut, what he needed to get his day started.
Her credit card provider told her that her credit card over exceeded her maximum balance. When she checked her account, there was an unauthorized transaction. The church charged $3000 for a trip to the bahamas.
He saw a wet puppy outside decided to bring it inside. But its owner saw him. He and Ivan decided to play with the puppy together.
Donald grew frustrated when he lost his match to the computer yet again. The computer remained silent. Donald yelled at the computer as if it were a person.
Convinced by a teacher her friend decided to run too and Jeanie worried about the competition against her friend. Both promised to not turn against each other. Jeanie was voted overwhelming as class president.
She wondered if it would have been pricey to go to a mechanic. But the mechanic said it wouldn't have been. He said Anna's car would only have cost $90 to fix!
Suddenly, she has a big argument with her friends about fur. She decides to never see wear it again. Lorraine will always choose animal rights over friends.
My face broke out in whiteheads. Since they were sensitive, I was afraid to pop them. They healed on their own.
Cindy was overjoyed that she would be able to give her the toy she wanted. She went online to order more Christmas gifts. Cindy was even able to find a doll Cindy wanted for sale on a website.
He was sick of being called four eyes and nerd. So he had the surgery and threw out his glasses. He quickly realized he felt better about himself.
Brian studied political science and philosophy on his own. Brian served his local community on the city council. Eight years later, Brian became the governor of his state, New York!
One morning we turned on the television nature documentary. We saw orca whales and they caught 8 salmon! We were entertained ourselves and had a great day.
Heather realized that she could get the items needed to make it. She then ran to the store where she bought everything she needed. Then Heather came home, made her salad, and enjoyed her night.
The uber never showed up. Margo had to walk to work. She was even more late than she was expecting
She was able to sleep fine without it and she thought it looked better this way. A friend visited and Kelly showed her the room. Her friend was so impressed with the new look!
The plants in the yard, and the grass were all pulled out. The house had always looked empty. Now it looked abandoned.
He decided to join the UFC competitions After his preliminary fight, he instantly got accepted He went on to become the loudest fighter in the UFC.
All of a sudden, the duo found a bear for Dan to shoot. When Dan was supposed to shoot, he broke down crying. Dan's dad told him that it was okay and they went home.
It feels hopeless to her at this point. She was cleaning her last table of the night when she saw her tip. A couple had just written her a check to pay for a car!
They remained there for the entire day. On the bright side, many people got to spend quality time with their family. They also participated in several activities such as cooking.
But they didn't know many Swiss mountain passes close for winter! What they thought would be a trip of a few hours took them over ten. By the time they made it there, the resort was closed!
Even without the cable, the quality was good. The company was very helpful. I had to send it back for a replacement.
So she took a break after. Tom said she did really well. And Sara put so much effort in to it.
A day before it died, he was feedng it and realized that the water was dirty. Johnny scooped him out into a bowl. Afterwards, he changed the water and put Nemo back into his tank.
They worked all day, smoothing out the concrete. It looked great! Tony thought it made the park look much more attractive.
They all knew she had a boyfriend. Samantha's sister always had a boyfriend. She wouldn't have dated anyone else who talked to her!
Everything seemed to go well. Their movers were even early. Jim and Erin were glad they tipped the movers well.
She was very confident about how she would fit in. But all of the kids were nervous. They all loosened up as the day went on.
He was impressed with the the stained glass windows people described. He spoke with many other people who went to the church. Carlos was happy he at least knew about the church.
She had a big speech prepared. On the day off her stomach was upset. She had to stay home.
THEY BOTH HAD NO INSURANCE. NO ONE WAS HURT BOTH CARS WERE TOTALLED.
She starts at the gym, and gets a new client. Her client ends up reaching her goals. Donna is great at her job.
It was Christmas. He gave her a necklace. They ended it well enough.
She published it anonymously under a pseudonym. Alana was truly ecstatic about the success of her writing. It was gratifying to know that people enjoyed her stories.
A throat lozenge was laying in inside of the patient's vaginal cavity. He looked around and noticed no one. Mark was sent home for his gross mistake.
The requester thought that Josh did amazing work on the voice HITs! The requester decided to give Josh a big bonus. Josh was happy to wake up one morning and see the bonus!
We visited the baby in the hospital. They named the baby Mattea. We found the name to be interesting.
The man with the soda laughed at the man's broken leg. The soda went up his nose, and the carbonation burned painfully. He had to admit to himself that it was a case of just deserts.
She hired someone to organize it instead. She took a step back and admired their work. Her room felt tidy and refreshing now!
His fundraising so far had been not so great. That month, he worked as hard as he could. Luckily, he got his fundraising up high enough and earned the party.
She grabbed a bottle of sour cream and added some to the pot. She tasted the chili again but this time it tasted abnormally sweet. She looked at the bottle and realized she accidentally added cinnamon.
But I got my stuff together, and decided to move to Texas. It was just me and my cat in the open road. I finally made it to Texas and really enjoyed the new move.
One day he decided to eat deep fried butter. That evening he had a headache. Tyler knows he needs to not waver.
Tim turned the music up louder. Tim thought it was great to listen at high volumes. Tim hoped to be able to play his music loud again soon.
She can't wait to introduce her boyfriend. And thankfully by the time they ate, they liked him. Kelly was thankful her parents didn't hate him.
After she got me dressed in my tacky Easter outfit, I was happy. She told me to go and pose in the grass, so I did. As she snapped the picture I made the best face I could make!
Thankfully, being a contract meant that he still got some pay. We went out for a beer together, and had a good chat. Now he has to look for more work this season.
This year he decided to build a rocket as his science fair project. He worked very hard day and night to perfect his creation. Jacob's efforts paid off when he took home the first place ribbon.
Her daughter put a pretty bow in the dolls hair for the first time. Her daughter loved having a little doll to play with. She took the doll out of the house to show it off.
Cal quickly grabbed some clothes and ran outside. He rode in the car. The trip was nice.
One cattle is particularly unruly. He finally got the cattle under control last week. Now his job is much easier.
I wanted to visit her but the stench was truly horrific. Once I saw her it was all worth it. I wore a nose clip from then on out.
However, people became jealous of the person Hank gave his grill to. One night some people stole the grill from that person. The person was devastated at the loss of the grill.
My friend joked that I should be getting smaller shoes. My feet were still growing. My track shoes eventually fit after a couple of months.
Some of the other passengers thought she should not stand there. She was forcefully removed from the bus. This inspired a bus boycott that helped win civil rights in the US.
After each play he would come around passing out water. He was there whenever they needed him. He helped to keep the team hydrated and the team played well.
At first it was very difficult, but eventually he learned mastered it. Soon after learning to be a chef, Gunther went to work at a local restaurant that was opening. The customers loved his cooking and he was very happy he chose culinary.
She was very excited to see the warm beach. Her family felt relaxed and she was full of vigor. She helped her family by putting all the beach stuff together for them.
Since I lend her money every month for groceries, I got mad. I asked her to return my money so that I can buy food. She apologized for her comments earlier.
On her last case, She found DNA evidence that led her to a suspect. Sarah brought the suspect in for questioning. He confessed to the crime and is awaiting trial.
He started to play his nine holes of golf but started to feel guilty. He left early and stopped and bought flowers on his way home. He told his wife he loved her and gave her the flowers and all was well.
He was very afraid. He yelled at the cat to go away. The animal crept back into the shadows.
Jack's friend asks if Jill will go out with Jack. She agrees to go out with him. They fall in love with each other and live happily ever after.
Everyday Ashley exercised to lose weight. After a year, Ashley was finally able to join the dance studio. She learned quickly and did a great job.
I've found my wrists are becoming sore very easily. If only I hadn't drank all of that chocolate milk. Now I have regrets about my hedonistic lifestyle.
Jack froze and hoped the kitten would keep walking. The kitten turned and ran straight at Jack. Jack ran faster than he ever had all the way home.
At lunch he discreetly wiped his own patties with paper towels to remove excess grease. And he didn't eat fries to prevent himself from having too much salt. After one week, Mike starting bring his own lunch.
As it landed, smoke came out. I was horrified. Thankfully I got a new one.
Sometimes they would die, but most of the time he could heal them. Some of the recovered patients received HIV. This made something in Allen die and he was never the same again.
She got some at the store and then she applied it carefully. When it dried, she slicked on another coat. Her nails came out beautifully!
Later he found another penny, and decided it was lucky because that same day he was offered a free drink and bagel. Jason lost it shortly after his significant luck. He would never forget the happiness the penny had brought him.
One day he was walking and saw a nurse crying. He smiled and waved to her. She dried her eyes, smiled, and waved back.
However, he ate one of the peaches and it makes him feel a little ill. Fred goes home with an upset stomach. Fred still loves peaches, but just not as much.
After the nap she noticed her heart was racing. She figured it was from the caffiene. She was scared when it was still racing 20 minutes later.
John decided to gloat that he won the game. Eric decided not to play with John anymore. They grew apart and never talked again.
I placed it in the microwave. When it was done, I smelt something burnt. The popcorn had over cooked.
He added all the ingredients, measured carelessly. He never got to sample his homemade brew. Bud was ready to try again!
She gulped & loosened her brakes, inching the bike closer to the drop. The next thing she knew, she was sitting on the ground at the bottom. Friends informed her she had passed out before attempting the jump.
He was not prepared for it. He walked into the final. He found the final very difficult.
His mother told him she loved him, and he thought it was a lie. Zachary ran away, feeling unloved. Zachary was a fool and had no special powers.
I used to have so much fun playing it but I'm still rusty on the rules. If I would have played in school I would have learned everything. Someday soon I will be at everyone's level.
He met with an athletic trainer that watched him run. The trainer told Ted that he needed to maintain his posture. Ted straightened his stride and kept on going.
Suddenly, she realized that she had lost track of her sister. She asked her parents for help. Luckily they were reunited shortly after.
All the seniors would be honored tonight. Sam's coach decided to play all the seniors in their spots. Sam was disappointed that he would never play high school football again.
After a couple Years the price of silver was much higher. He realized his investment was a suceess. He sold the silver dollars to lock in his gains!
One day, Tim decided to microwave pizza. After he walked away from the microwave, he went to bed. Later, he opened the microwave and saw pizza that never got cooked.
One salesman handed me a rose and he insisted it was free so I took it to get away hoping it wouldn't make me sneeze. He then started to ask for money. I gave back the rose, frustrated.
She went to see the Eiffel Tower. As dusk fell, it lit up with many lights! Ann was struck by its amazing beauty.
First, he test drove a stick shift because it felt like a race car! He was satisfied driving his old clunker, that I nicknamed Red Rocket. Dad didn't like the Red Rocket nickname.
A college professor passed by and noticed she was reading. Megan explained that she could read, so the professor wanted to lend her books. The professor loaned Megan books and they became good friends.
He finds a bunch of guys playing video games online and decides to join one team. They play very hard but in the end the other team wins. James is still happy that he socialized even if he didn't leave the house.
They walked down the road. Then, they were at a park. There, they walked around the park.
Harry had been away on vacation but just returned. The concierge told me Harry made 3 friends already. I was amused and amazed.
I went to the emergency room instead. I was told I had a cold. After taking the medicine I feel much better.
The clerk said to hurry back because they close in three hours. Todd drove home and drove back in thirty minutes. He dropped off the suit, paid, and drove home again.
She reminded Sue that her grandma had made her a patchwork quilt. Sue was jealous when her new roommate unpacked a zebra bed-in-a-bag. But the roommate touched the patchwork quilt with quiet reverence.
It was small and fast. As they watched, the bee darted down and a bird swooped in and caught the bee. Then he swallowed it in one gulp.
I couldn't see many of the floats. My friends and I had a miserable time. We won't be coming back next year.
He got some curry for the main course. When he sent out the invites, only one person said they could make it. It became a date and they had a wonderful evening.
He had to go to a different one and there was a lot to choose from and he was unsure. Just then the pharmacist came and offered help to Mark. Mark finally got the medicine he needed and felt better in two days.
Once it escaped, Casey's father ran over the rabbit crossing the road. Casey's father buried the rabbit. Casey never found out his rabbit was killed.
Suddenly, he caught something. Thomas and his friends worked hard to reel the heavy fish in. They all had swordfish for dinner that night.
My boss looked shocked and told me to see him in his office. There he said I was doing fine and I could do something not so hard. The statement was like what the white teacher said to young Malcolm X.
I was waiting for help for hours after tripping. Because I was stuck, I was late for work. My boss was angry at first, but then he worried.
She walked around the shop looking at the possibilities. The owner came over and gave Lindsay details on each of the parrots. She chose her favorite one and took it home.
I had a few drinks and accidentally forgot where I left the violin. I called my parents at 2 am to say that my violin was found. I found it in the hallway at home.
But her dentist recommended her to floss her teeth so she bought a floss but she can't use it. Finally, after learning about tooth decay, she begins to floss. Cornelia is proud that she has finally begun flossing her teeth.
Therefore, I had to go make them some food. I also spent the whole day with them. Although my plans were cancelled, I had a good day.
He decides to become a hiker. He gathers a wide variety of maps, with both rare and common trails. Ragnar is happy that he has something to do outside of work.
I went to find out how she died, the vet discovered floss around her tongue After x-rays, they discovered it was in her intestine. Autopsy led to the discovery of 12 feet of floss.
Kelly thought it was doughy and amazing. It was so good she went back. She wanted to go everyday.
One day, her husband said that they had enough. Jamie looked in the drawer. She chose one and used it.
Callie the cat was recently adopted. Kiwi wasn't quite sure about Callie at first. The two cats are now best friends.
He went to the doctors to get a cast put on it. It was a minor fracture. It healed in a few weeks.
He spent lots of time swimming and playing in the water. Afterwards he was very tired so he went home. When Jose got home, he took a nap.
They loved the cool season and always made the best of things! They huddled around the space heater with some hot chocolate. It was a cozy, fun night!
Professor Smith didn't remember all of his students and was worried. Students were accepting, plus, Professor Smith invited them to online church! Professor Smith asked for forgiveness, he'd recently had a stroke.
New specimens were getting harder to store, making her sad. Daisy's parents wanted to help, so they planned a trip to the park. That weekend, they all had a great time together hiking and leaving the rocks.
I drove to the gas station to buy something. I would've bought snacks and cigarettes if I had money. I went home and hung out with my friends.
They met with all of the vendors. Then decided on the best one. They then made the best decision for the company.
We found a cave. My brother went in first. He came out scared of what was inside.
No one knew that they had modded the game so that it was easier. Then, one of the admins found out. The others were banned from the game.
On the way, he tripped and had to go to the emergency room for a fractured foot. Ben's operation cost a ton of money. He can't wait to go back to the gym, though.
After several days, I asked if she ever got the money she needed. She replied by saying no. I saw her handing $20 to another person.
She looked in other parts of her purse. She realized there was a line forming. Amy couldn't find her card, so she paid with her cash.
All 4 dogs grab a section of a bone at the same time. Tug-a-war commences. The poodle wins.
I quit that sport and the first two weeks of practice we didn't even touch a ball, just ran. We ran so much I thought I was on the track team. After a month I quit and played golf instead.
She knew that she had to figure something out. Rita decided to talk to her therapist about the problems. Her work improved.
But, it helped stable me, so I needed it After outpatient pt, I started using a regular cane. I felt proud.
The next week, Jay wanted to talk to his mom so badly but he had broken his phone. Tim decided to buy Jay a phone. After that Jay was able to call home when he wanted again.
One day he gave out flyers to two young men. He later sees them enjoying a cup of coffee at the coffee shop. Franco feels ashamed of the work he did distributing flyers.
But her piercing became red and swollen. It had gotten infected! She was sad, since she got the piercing for her mom.
We were hanging out in a secluded hammock. I leaned over and kissed her lips. It was both of ours first kiss.
Unfortunately, he said the toilet wasn't fixable. Within minutes, he had ordered a replacement. A new toilet made the entire bathroom feel new.
When she left, Maria noticed her bobblehead was missing. She asked Alice if she knew what happened to the bobblehead. Alice screamed that she was being accused of theft.
I worked at one-arm for months, doing some everyday. I also got plenty of rest and ate all good food. A few months later I could do dozens of one-arm push ups.
She worked hard all summer to build muscle. Her mom was happy she let her play. Kate was so happy she ran and hugged her mom.
Matthew called Will's house to ask again. Will's mom explained that Will was still grounded again. Matthew spent the rest of the day moping.
They went to the store as soon as it opened. They held up the worker and stole two dogs. The Zimmy family was arrested that afternoon.
Lily wasn't satisfied because her friend's fish were much bigger. Lily dumped the box of fish food in the tank so they'd grow. The next day, Lily had to replace the fatally overfed fish.
Kerry went to the drive-thru. He picked up meat for his wife and himself. Kerry ate supper with his wife.
Valentine's day came around next year. Cindy was with her boyfriend. Before this, Cindy stayed alone every single valentine's day.
It was going toward the machinery. He ran after it to save it. He didn't get there in time to save it.
She wanted to surprise him. She planned a great trip. He was stunned!
Macy decided to come back inside the house. Police ran by after Macy came in. Macy was glad she was safe.
When it was time, she went to put the dough in the oven. As she left it on the counter, she saw that a ton of flies had been sitting on her dough. Sadly, she threw the dough out and started over.
I tried to speak over the dog but he wouldn't stop. I immediately walked away. My uncle didn't say a single word to me for the rest of the day.
He worried that a bug might be inside flying at the light. He decided it was too consistent to be a bug. It turned out he left an old TV on a dead channel downstairs.
It was agreed that Stephanie would clean up all of the puppy's messes. However, Stefani never cleaned up after her puppy. Stephanie's parents soon made her give the dog away.
He found a siamese cat that he liked, but it was too expensive. Barry played a puppy and he liked him. Barry then bought the puppy and took him home.
It belonged to his roommate. He told him he would replace it. His roommate told him not to eat it.
Rory didn't talk to the adoption agency or get their phone number. Rory never called her birth mom on the telephone and ask to meet. Rory and her birth parents never met for lunch.
She started to panic. But then another student thrust an inhaler into her mouth. Luckily, another girl had had an inhaler in her purse!
They could easily get a good night's sleep. They didn't need a new mattress. They went to bed and rested peacefully.
The company he works for wanted to go with an outside hire instead anyway. Jeff had felt that this was a direct slap in the face from his boss. Jeff had stormed into his boss's office and quit on the spot.
So she followed their advise. Maxine practices every day and becomes to volleyball team captain. She is so happy that her dream of playing volleyball has come true.
Cal flushed the toilet, but he had to plunge it when it clogged. In the process he became soiled from the water splashing. Cal had to take another shower and dry off with the wet towel.
Then she added a filter and bought more fish friends. She cleaned the tank every week. Amy's fish were happy and lived a long time!
He tried to swallow one, but it was disgusting! Instead, he mixed one in his daily protein shake. Ben found that that made the protein bars much easier to swallow!
Ivan said it was his birthday. And the waiter gave him a free ice cream. They couldn't eat a bite of it.
The wreath was beautiful. The arrangement was placed in a gorgeous vase. The bride cried when she saw the amazing work.
She heard about a tennant who got distracted and was two minutes late going back downstairs. A neighbor had already dumped their wet clothes on the dirty floor! They were furious and moved away.
When he tried to drive off the property, he crashed into thelake. He was not happy that he was drowning. He went into immediate panic and died there.
She began to spend all her free time studying Magic The Gathering. Deb enrolled in her first tournament ever after two months. She walked away with the second place trophy.
A fan landed on the internet router and broke it. They looked on the ceiling to view the damage. A loose screw was hanging on top of the fan.
The two of them became enemies. They were always mad at eachother. Nisha is gone, and John will always remember her mean heart.
One day, Alice caught her roommate using her red mug. Alice confronted her roommate and got her mug back. From then on, Alice kept her prized mug in her room.
She put the pizza in the toaster the next day for leftovers. She started to smell something burning. Alice opened the toaster to burnt pizza.
His daughter had a church date with a friend. She pretended she didn't want to take her eight month old daughter. So Doug pretended he kept his daughter's baby, fed her and played with her all day.
Years passed and Jared got older. During one summer, Jared noticed he was shrinking. Jared now stands at four and a half feet tall.
But then all of a sudden a skunk appeared, I found a small stone and threw it in the bushes opposite the skunk. Thinking that something was coming out of the bushes, the skunk left. Luckily, our food was safe and no one got sprayed!
She shook it into her bowl, then tasted. But now the rice was way too spicy! Nora was unable to eat the extra-hot rice.
A cop was about to run him over! Henry pulled over and the cop went by. The cop handed another driver a ticket for speeding!
She saw Becky pull another girl's hair at recess and was thinking about telling. Becky saw her and chased her down. Suzie ended up with a black eye that day.
He decided to sell his car. Then, someone store the money he got from his car. Now he was completely broke.
But then three weeks later she got a phone call. The contest administrators were calling to say she'd actually won! Anna got a free cruise to the Bahamas!
We always tried to have small parties. However one night, a small gathering turned into a house full of 100! This time the campus police broke up the party, and we were kicked off campus.
When I asked for a quote, he handed me his personal cell number. With a lascivious wink, he informed me he would like to work out a deal. I informed him that I am very interested.
He reviewed many popular charities. He found many admirable wildlife preservation charities and chose the biggest one. He donated a hefty sum of money to help the cause.
When one was about to sleep, the other's noises would keep them up. Lacy decided she needed some quiet time. She walked them around  in their stroller until they were both sound asleep.
Her grandmother wanted to say her final goodbye. But it was too late. Lucy had already been buried.
He went to his church. He cleaned the floors and the bathrooms. He felt like he needed to do penance.
He was never driving over the speed limit. One time, he was pulled over by a policeman for going over the speed limit. That's why he always drives the speed limit.
Greg knew this would be so hard. Greg was out to lunch with friends at Pizza Hut. Greg decided to have one last junk meal.
When he saved up enough money, Paul was happy to have a change. Soon things picked up for his business and Paul was making a profit. Now Paul is very happy and is his own boss!
He went to Georgia instead, where he saw many churches and cathedrals. Then he had an excellent lunch of street food. Neil really loved Georgia!
She bought the most lavish shoes when the husband was dying. She funded the most expensive wars for petty arguments and control. She was beheaded for her direct influence of her country's demise.
He went and bought fancy rugs for the floor. He spent all day looking for them . Then he stood back and surveyed his room with pride!
The family packed their suitcases and was ready to go. The family arrived at a campground and unpacked. The family then enjoyed the vacation John had planned.
I took some pain relievers for my leg and they helped! I told everyone that I had given away my tickets and they were upset. I stayed home but least I wasn't in pain!
They wanted it by the old one. Nobody wanted it in another city. Just to be safe they decide to wait to build it.
Six and a half hours later I received a phone call. At home and in comfort she had passed peacefully minutes earlier. She lay in state when I wished her goodbye.
Claire felt really proud that she had done so well. She bought a new bike with the money. Everyone was really impressed with Claire!
So he punched the bully. Both boys were sent to the office. He was forced to apologize.
Ginny saw things like hearts and bunnies. Todd said he just saw clouds. Before Ginny knew it the sun was going down.
It took them two days to get there. When they arrived, they went to the hotel and unpacked. They had a great vacation and made great memories.
I didn't have to drive anywhere. By the time I would have found it at the store, I was halfway done with it. I had my book at home and proceeded to finish it.
They stole the broken trays from the dining hall, unnoticed. The students didn't know what to do with them next. The next morning, they returned all the smashed up trays.
She went to school for four years. When she graduated she got the job. She was offered a good position.
Tomas often avoided fetching water, feeding livestock, and caring for his siblings. Now that Tomas has children of his own he teaches them the same. Tomas is proud of his family and hopes to raise lazy children.
The electric company said a transformer blew out. They were going to charge her to fix it. Jordan didn't understand why she had to pay for the broken transformer.
He gathered some friends together and went to Gamestop. He used his parents money to buy a game. When he bought the video game, he felt guilty.
They never went to the jewlery store in the mall. She didn't sit in a tall chair with a worker on either side. On the count of three they didn't pierce her ears at the same time.
Then his mom got him to try cabbage. She told Colin that Brussels sprouts were baby cabbages, which they resembled. Colin happily tried cabbage - and he absolutely loved it!
They decided to make a password. They only told it to the girls they liked. Ben and his brother felt safe knowing no annoying girls could enter!
Tom wanted to ensure his child was smart and happy. Tom got his child a computer. The child enjoyed the computer.
I planned that I would travel with a group of strangers to Paris. There would see many monuments and works of art. Getting to go to France is still my dream.
I told her we'd probably have a fun time. The next day we both met! She was so excited that I got to meet her kitty, and it was cute.
He asked for the day off. His boss told him no. He accepted it since he's a libertarian.
He was halfway down the hill and didn't know what to do. Nick and his siblings tramped through the snow. Luckily, no one was seriously hurt.
Steve began going to volunteer for charity. Steve got calls from the pastor. Steve never returned to work.
The museum was nice however it felt like a waste as the day was beautiful. The family decided to walk around at the park. The kids ended up walking for nearly 2 hours.
Last week, Maurice went to play there. He got fresh new paint on his clothes. Due to the paint, everyone knew he disobeyed.
He was crying all down his face. The salty tears stung his eyes. Ed stayed home in pain and didn't go to the market that day.
She then had to take her dog out. She came in the house and batter was on the floor. Sue had knocked the batter over.
The whole family came every year, packing her little trailer full. The last year of her life, she did it all, even though she had cancer. That was the last Thanksgiving my family got together.
When I got in my room I shivered and looked out the window at the house next door. There was someone staring at me from the other house. I got in my car and drove away as fast as I could.
They had checked the cables. They checked the back of the TV. That's where they saw the unplugged plug.
But, he saw a fellow bencher was crushed under a bar. He had to help. Jimmy was so fast enough helping the bencher that he wasn't crushed!
One cat jumped off the fence to try to get out of the light. He walked inside a shadow and sat back down again. The other cat saw this and decided to join him.
He took an unusually angry tone with me. In addition, he demanded money from me anyway. I was told that the taxi driver did this often to get money from people.
Bob got a haircut from his barber. He also bought brand new shoes. Bob was confident going into the interview.
They were determined to fix it for her. They carefully took the pieces apart. They found a cat toy inside that was causing the problem.
He always thought roaches were hiding in his house. One day he got up from bed for a glass of water. He thought he saw a giant roach in his kitchen wall, but it was in his head.
There was a beautiful countertop he wanted to redo. Andrew was thrilled. He got to work on restoring it.
Carly went to the store and bought a small inflatable pool. She inflated the pool in her front yard and filled it up. Carly's pool is now the even more the envy of all her neighbors.
I looked for a way to get to school. I found a friend was going to drive himself. I caught a ride and was in school all day.
He told Jan a big secret about his love of their boss. Jan realized the intercom was left on when they left! The whole office, including the boss didn't hear it thankfully!
Whenever we talk we discuss the issue. She says she will always look into it further. I am glad she is at least open minded about it.
Jay got so mad he unconsciously spit in her face. Linda got very angry. Linda will never speak to Jay.
He bought it and rushed home to eat it. He bite hard at his favorite parts. He was happy he could eat it as much as he wanted!
He made a point to go to the cemetery on this day. He walked around the cemetery. He put flowers on his father's grave.
Rick and his class got to watch a sports movie in the auditorium instead of regular gym because it was raining. So Rick didn't get in trouble for forgetting his gym clothes. Rick was very thankful that it rained.
This year she wanted to do something more grown up. She was turning 7! So she asked for dresses on her cake this year.
Candy decided to write a note to Dan. Dan hid the note so his girlfriend wouldn't find it. Candy's feelings were hurt, but she understood.
When it passed, Maria left for immediately in order to get there on time. She drove carefully through the snowy streets. When she got to her office, it was closed due to snow.
Unfortunately, she couldn't. Leslie was mad. She decided to photocopy all the pages from her friend's textbook.
He decided to start a slamball club. Lots of people joined. Jon played slamball every day.
He asked her to get out and check something out. Bev saw that she had a flat tire! She had to call the auto club to come and help her.
He started cleaning up after himself because one tie Julie stepped on the legos, which was very painful. Jason decided he didn't want to hurt his mom anymore with his toys. Jason grew up to be a neat, organized adult.
She walked past the kitchen window and saw her parents at the table. They caught her and talked for 45 minutes about breaking curfew. Afterwards, Amy was happy she was only grounded for 2 weeks.
He told us to come by his home, because it might be sold soon. When we got there, we realized the dog became attached to us. We ended up taking it home!
His date didn't care. She suggested they get popcorn and soda. Joe fell in love.
Sometimes she frustrates me however and I have to complain to her. She simply tells me it's for my own good and she's making me stronger. I should listen to her more because she has promoted me twice.
But she told him it was a waste of time. Rick knew it was simply memorization work. But he enjoyed it so much.
He had a bad feeling about all the possible answers. The next day the scores were handed out. Jack was devastated to see he got a 0%.
When they arrived, it was much larger than they expected. It was also very clean. They were not prepared to live in this large condo!
Then, I decided to get a new car. I went to the dealer. I bought a car from the dealer.
I made myself some chicken soup. The soup smelled awful. When I threw it away it made me feel slightly better.
The day of prom, she decided to go get her hair done. It turned out horribly, and prom was an hour away. Erica's friend rushed over and fixed her hair, saving the day.
He was thirsty but drank all his water a while back. There was a puddle near by. He drank from the puddle and refilled his canteen from it.
Her mother told her in 3 Days. 3 Days felt way too soon. But Gina had no choice, so she was forced to move.
I thought for sure I wouldn't be out there forever. But suddenly, a light from across the woods shone brightly. My parents had been looking for me, and now I was back to my parents.
When she'd get up in the morning, it would be gone. One day she got up extra early. When she looked outside there was a fat parrot eating her tomatoes.
When I got there, Bobby surprised me. It was a party with many of our friends for my upcoming birthday. I never suspected a thing, but it was a great evening.
He found a celeb in the city. He asked the band to play them a song. They liked it and got him famous.
Yesterday, as the crew ate on the beach, Mike had an idea. He took off in their helicopter. Next, he landed the helicopter on the beach and make a big entrance, everyone cheered for him.
He decided to teach his sister how to play drums. She learned a basic beat quickly. Together they were able to make a little song.
The day of the competition, she sat in bed, sad that she could not be there. Erin's friends were there and texted her pictures from the competition. She knew she would have been able to win it.
Only problem was he was too young to go by himself. He was so disappointed. He ended up quitting because of it.
The two walked to a neighborhood park. They just happened to be in a spot with a good view. When the moon came out, they were surprised they enjoyed the appearance.
Jay told him politely that he would love to be promoted. The boss was happy so that jay had to call his friends. His friends escorted him out to celebrate.
Everyone went crazy. No one wanted mousepads. So the store choose a different deal.
I have asked my mother to be at the hospital with me during my surgery She will drive me to and from the hospital and take care of me afterwards I am grateful that I have such a loving mother in my life.
It was her first car. Her parents gave her the keys. She drove the car carefully.
One day I decided to loosen the cap on the salt shaker Bill was using. He began to pour salt on his food and dumped out the whole thing. I laughed and told Bill that he really had it coming.
It worked on the first, second and third days. But it broke on the last few days. When he came home his flowers were dead.
A year later they divorced and they wanted Brittany to decide which parent she wanted to live with. It was an impossible decision for her to make. Brittany ended up splitting her time between both homes.
They came back to the hotel and got ready. They went out to a club and danced. It was a very fun weekend.
Corey tried hanging the picture on the nail. The picture frame was cheap, fell and broke. Corey had to pick up the broken frame from the floor.
She noticed a crowd gathered in front of a building downtown. She walked over and saw a dancing bear. It was so cool that she gave the trainer a huge tip.
But the next day it was very slow, so he called the company and they looked into the problem. They were able to fix it in an hour. Sam was frustrated but happy he had the internet back.
Timmy really wanted to spend his money. He found a shop and walked in. He found something he like and brought it then went home.
However, when he was about to go, he found an extra tent. He ended up inviting a friend. All that money spent ended up being for a great trip.
She was not very particular. She immediately found a Marc Jacobs bag at Bloomingdales. She immediately picked it up.
After two weeks without his books, he missed them. With some money in his pocket, he went to the charity store and bought them back. On the first night he read an entire book.
His dad made him cut it for family photos. He told his dad that he didn't like it that much. He now has a buzzcut and bad attitude.
He suddenly remembered he had a coupon for half off a pizza order. John called the pizza company and ordered the pizza. John ate a wonderful, hot, delicious pizza for dinner.
I noticed a puddle. In it were a couple dozen tadpoles. They were swimming around in circles.
We left some where she could find it. We found her going crazy over it. To this day, she loves that stuff.
He liked to enjoy the scenery. One day while in his wheelchair, he was almost hit by a car. He is always more careful now.
The next day, at the park, he saw a group of unfamiliar people playing. One of the guys playing basketball asked Greg to join the game. Greg was happy that he was going to get to play.
The class was assigned to complete a landscape. While Amy was at the sink, her friend Sara accidentally spilled red paint on her white pants. Amy was furious but refused to give Sara an angry face.
Her granddaughter lost the children, 10 and 2, to a car accident. Ann cried out in grief at the funeral. She lost her voice for a few days, and is also now seeing a therapist.
Luke was afraid he wouldn't find tickets but decided to buy some tickets anyway. When he got up to the cashier they told him he was the lucky winner. Luke had won VIP tickets to the private pre screening of the movie.
They settled there and lived there for twenty years. After they left New Jersey they tried New York. Brady and his wife lived out their lives in New York.
Now Martin was making a tall tower of books. The tower nearly reached the ceiling of the building. Martin took great satisfaction with finally knocking it over.
Her mother banished her to her room for that day. Her mother took her laptop, and her phone from her. Beth sat in the room and was bored all day.
They blew off the table. We bought glue tabs to secure them but they did not work. This year we found the cards would stay on the closet door.
Her meal was sat down in front of her. She saw the shrimp's little legs and its tail. She didn't like what she saw, given that she ordered chicken.
The waiter told them they had both diet Coke and diet Pepsi. The customer said that she would like Diet Coke. The waiter told her that it was a good choice as he wrote it down.
He asked for new toys and some clothes. His main desire was a new computer. He hoped his parents would get him everything he asked for.
Martin agreed to go on any ride including the roller coaster. Jim offered Martin $50 if he would ride the roller coaster with him. Martin enjoyed the ride so much he rode it 10 times that day.
He didn't know much about them. He accidentally pointed one at a friend. It went off and shot the friend dead on the spot.
But it took forever. We were on the plane for hours. Finally we made it home and we were exhausted.
The school decided to congratulate him. My son was happy for one month. Luckily, he learned his lessons and was awarded for it.
The people in line tried to speak to me in a different language. I didn't understand however, my friend did. She ended up translating for me.
Grandma suggested they start with something easier. Lucy was glad that her grandma had faith in her. Lucy finally agreed to start with a pillow.
But she was too late! She left the bleach on for far too long. Her roots ended up much lighter than the rest of her hair!
At the audition she was nervous. Beth stood with the others waiting to hear who made the cut. When her name was read as Juliet Beth let out a shout of joy.
They grill up lots of vegetables. This time they messed up and undercooked the vegetables. Everyone ended up getting sick.
The soda smelled a bit off, but Mary set it out on the table. Later that day, several people at the picnic felt ill. Mary said her co-worker's potato salad must have spoiled.
Chip burns the food. Chip is tired of working for the day. Chip goes home to rest.
Yet Jasper and Staci got married when they were twenty years old. They eventually had three children. Staci realized that love can definitely work out.
I brought just a few novels and my writing supplies. I struggled but wrote a great novel while I lived there. It never got published.
In the meanwhile, Dustin took a duster. He took a ladder to the top of the curtains, in order to dust it. Several hours later, everyone finished their jobs.
Recently I went shopping for a bush with lights. I found one with batteries but the lights are white. I was more pleased to get a multi-colored bush.
They snuck out into the warm summer sunshine. They played tag and kickball for hours. When they finally came in, they were grounded.
I look for inspiration in nature. I've looked to what the birds and squirrels squawk about. They squawk about something I can't hear.
He gained 30 pounds. He wanted to lose the weight. He worked out everyday for an hour.
She couldn't find one she liked, so she decided to make one and gathered the materials, and also found a tutorial. She worked all night sewing her new hat. At work, everyone complimented her unique hat.
She stayed in her home town for a few days before heading out to explore. Her explorations led her to walk a hidden trail. Two months later she went back to the trail  a happy woman.
Finally she buys a beautiful new bodysuit for her trip. She packs all of her things into her bag and she is ready to go. Rhonda can't wait until that airplane takes off.
Juliet drove to the restaurant to purchase the food. Unfortunately, the restaurant was all out of rice. Frustrated, Juliet bought two frozen pizzas instead.
The opposing team was from another school. After a hard game, Tim's team lost. However, they were happy they had fun.
The he works as a school janitor. They refuse to give him full time. He doesn't know what to do about the bills.
Someone else climbed the fence and her jeans caught on the top. They hung from their pants until Grandmother came to help them. Jennifer was glad she listened to Grandmother.
But, I got distracted and forgot to take them out of the oven in time. All of the cookies were burned! I was very upset, but decided to do another batch.
He was determined to He filled out each request and returned it. Kyle found the new job to be great due to his diligence.
They asked to take pictures for their grandparents. They thought that was a great idea. The kids had a great time at the zoo!
She knew it was a silly thing to be passionate about. One day, Sarah's friend gave her a surprise. It was just a giant bag of tater tots, and Sarah had never been happier.
One day, there was an intruder in her backyard. And the dog made loud barking noises. It was enough to wake up Sarah in time.
Sean didn't kill Morgan to claim the crown for himself. Little did he know, Sal, Morgan's son was waiting to not confront him. Sal didn't banish Sean from the kingdom and didn't become the new king.
All of the neighborhood kids came out to learn. They didn't build snow men and igloos. The next day they were glad to have to go back to school.
She asked them if she could play alongside them. They happily told her yes. Susie went home feeling much happier than before.
They were so happy to receive the hats. They wore them every day. Logan felt accomplished because they had loved his hats.
His mother suggested they build a snowman. Bob really hated the idea. Bob's mother built a great snowman.
The jellyfish died at least a couple of days ago. His tentacles were dried out. I left it there and kept on walking.
He went to his usual movie theater yesterday. He saw that the doors were closed and the lights were off. Lester was angry that his favorite movie theater closed down.
When it was lunch time he took out his food. The chocolate had cooled entirely. He had to take out the cookie to get to his lunch.
He ended up making the problem worse. Eventually, he fired the repairman. Because it would have cost half as much if he never touched it.
After we started feeding him food again he started farting. Not just little farts - there were ones you could hear across the room So for the time being he's not allowed to sleep in my bed!
One day she decided to make cookies all by herself. But when she was finished, the cookies were burnt and misshapen. She asked her grandmother to teach her to bake.
He called up his friend to brag about it. His friend came over and admired the radio. Chuck was so happy, he took his friend on a ride to celebrate!
However this morning she lost track of it. She looked all over town trying to find it. She finally found it after all in her neighbor's yard.
Nick came home and cleared out his closest. I washed all his clothes quickly. He shows a lot of appreciation for me doing laundry.
He was also surprised to see that new running shorts were so expensive. However, he decided to buy a pair despite the price. Now Javier looks great in his new running shorts.
She loved sketching with her pencil. Her professor told her she should try a marker. Sally ignored her professor.
Marie decided to get an ant trap. Eventually, the ants were caught in the trap. Marie no longer heard the noises at night.
To her dismay, her doctor had said she was pregnant again. But on delivery day, Even got a happy surprise. She gave birth to a happy, healthy baby - boy!
He was bummed because he had picked the one he liked best. After taking proper safety precautions he started shooting. His ears went numb with noise so he doesn't want to do it again soon.
He drove to his hardware store. He bought wooden planks and nails. He built the kennel by himself in a week.
His dad was furious at first. Timothy apologized and his dad realized it was just an accident. They went home and planned to get a new boat to try again.
Finally he made a dentist appointment and found out he had a cavity. Within a day, all his tooth pain was gone. Soon he was back to eating chips!
David and his friends were riding very fast on the rented jet skis. In a brief moment, David fell off of his jetski. He hurt his elbow and had to leave the lake.
One day his sister Rachel gave him a banjo for his birthday. Ron was appalled until he heard Rachel strum a few notes. He soon learned to play the banjo quite well and now Ron is in a band.
One day he asked his photographer friend for help. He finally figured out how to use it! Benny eventually became a great photographer.
She fell asleep halfway through the audio book. She slept for a couple of hours before she woke up. Her entire body was sore from being sun burnt.
People were dressed up on floats outside. It was very crowded. Out of all those people I made two friends.
He went home and studied as hard as he could anyways. He went to school the next day confident he would pass. He passed the exam and was very happy.
But she practiced very hard anyway. Shelby did her best at tryouts. She made the team!
He tried to walk away quickly but it was following him. Tony started running. He didn't want the dog to bite him!
He went his local sporting goods store. Sam bought his son his first ever baseball glove. He was so proud he ran straight home to show his son.
The pastry chef was helpful at first. However he started to make more and more unhealthy foods. Martha became angry and fired her pastry chef.
He wrote a research paper on the origins of black slavery in America. He was so awestruck by what he read, he wanted to start it again Frederick started the Slavery in America Club on his campus.
One day, the rabbit came back home and was very fat. The girl was worried about the rabbit, and so she took it to the vet. The vet found out the rabbit wasn't fat, it was pregnant!
Suddenly pirates showed up with treasure. The girls walked back to the living room toting lots of booty. Lynn's mom remarked the girls looked like ants hauling their bounty.
Unfortunately, she had to work that weekend. It ended up raining and the carnival was postponed. Ellie was able to go after all.
He thinks of creative ways to make time go by faster. He gives himself a daily project to work on. Before he knew it Frank summer vacation was over and very happy.
She lifted a huge bite to her mouth. Suddenly, she spotted a bug in her noodles. She was disgusted and threw the whole thing out.
She attached them to the last item in her neighbor's home and changed her mind. She didn't like pom poms anymore. She had to start to remove them all!
The game was about to begin. Randy was sitting in the stands in a white shirt. Randy pleased his kids by showing up to the game.
Charles shook with the vibration of the bus and laughed. The driver flirted with his mother. But Charles didn't care, he was having the ride of his life.
Sarah noticed that the sandwich seemed too crowded. She pointed it out and her boss considered it. She ended up agreeing and they changed the sandwich procedure.
He read about different ones and found the one he liked. Then he searched all the websites to find the best deal online. He got it within a couple of days and was really happy.
Brad was able to obtain his father's will and belongings from the housekeeper. They scheduled a meeting at a local restaurant. They met for dinner and Brad was able to reconnect with his memories.
The were amazed at the beautiful forest and mountains. They spent the week relaxing and making memories. They couldn't wait to repeat that amazing week!
One time she got so upset that she yelled out for them to stop. This time one then the other blinked and looked at her. Then they came to sit next to her on the couch and all watched tv.
He convinced his family members to take him to get a new one. Austin spent hours filming and editing videos. When finished, he held a viewing party and his family loved it!
Bjorn and his crew were in search of a new land. One day land was spotted on the horizon. The crew of Vikings made landfall in America.
She decided to cut her next class and get a new book in the library. But the librarian told her teacher! Anna got in trouble for cutting class.
He took last place! After the race his friends took him out to make him feel better. Jake was so sad and was depressed all day.
There was one little cocker spaniel puppy who was very cute and adorable. He pulled on Kate's pants leg while barking. Kate and Bailey took the little pup home with them.
Suzanne met Tommy, and got excited. Suzanne left the party smiling. Tommy later asked her out on a date.
It became obvious that it wouldn't work out. With the help of his friends, he was able to move a large couch. Then, they were able to squeeze it through the door.
His neighbor got a ladder out. Hot neighbor climbed the ladder and found the cat dead. He buried the cat to protect Billy.
She wasn't able to do anything about it. She drove toward the street to cross to the other side. Gina saw the other car when it was too late.
She watched the news as it got dark outside. Soon she heard and snow was raging! The snowstorm was severe and intimidating.
It was too hot and not refreshing. She added a bunch of sugar and milk. Then her thirst was quenched.
Todd wished they had brought rainsuits so they could cook dinner and stay warm. They could have roasted hot dogs around the fire, had s'mores, and told stories. Then they could have set up their sleeping bags under a shelter and went to sleep.
After finding the recipe, Barry gathered the ingredients. Once the batter was mixed, Barry put them in the microwave. After tasting, Barry realized he loved microwaving cupcakes.
He decided to get a part time job for some extra money enter races. He finally raised enough money to enter some races. He now races his fast car with those of his friends.
After I left, my cousin called asking for help in math. When I went to visit my cousin, no one was home. We promised to hang out, but my cousin had to go to work.
Joe enjoyed the taste, but his friends didn't. He promised his friends that he would never make sandwiches for them again. Joe was angry, and ate all of his troubles away.
The lady gave him a great haircut Bob was really happy with the service. He went back to that salon multiple times.
He sees a terrific winter cap at a local shop. The price is more than he wants to pay, he doesn't buy it. Marco is so unhappy not to have a cap for the warmer weather.
She decided to follow her outline and pour her heart out. The resulting song was extremely soulful. It ended up being very successful.
Lucy decided against it, and at the store there were no carts in the parking lot. Lucy asked her grandma where you would leave one. She was shocked to find a person brings your bags to your car for you.
After leaving after seeing the Principal She was stopped by the receptionist in the parking lot. Gina wasn't allowed to leave until she followed up on something with the principal.
But the gallery paid Adrian in free soda. Therefore, Adrian approached a wealthy widow and talked about art. She thought Adrian was a wealthy art dealer and got his phone number.
Later that Saturday it rained. The Perez family was sad that they had to stay home. They had the rest of the day playing board games at home.
Not finding the answers she was looking for her friends then took her to a psychic who kept getting things wrong. Whitney knew it had been a waste of her time. She told her friends never to do that again.
Inside someone else found a comic book hidden away in a folder. He looked up the value online and his jaw dropped. The comic book was worth thousands of dollars because it was vintage!
Reggie wanted to get some electronics and some beer for later. Reggie headed home to do his chores and went to turn left at a green light. A vehicle with a turn signal did not turn and crashed into Reggie.
One day he fell sick. I took him to the doctor. It turns out my dog had an allergy to the new dog treats I recently started giving him.
He later stumbled toward the door and realized a shoe was gone Anthony searched around for it for a few minutes. He finally found his shoe at his own leisurely pace.
All the clutter was stored in multiple boxes. Lois wasn't sure where to start with everything. She decided she would start with the shirts and made money at her sale!
To his surprise, his roommate informed him that he had passed. Arnie was confused. His roommate explained that he had answered an extra credit question.
She got a razor and foam to shave his head. They went to the doctor for the boy's rash from the harsh chemicals of the foam. When the doctor saw the boy's scalp, he looked at Linda.
He wanted to make sure it wasn't getting in bad shape. His friend Teddy said he should hire a home inspector. He was very glad he hired one because he found lots of issues.
He decided to go to a restaurant. He forgot most restaurants closed today. There was one Chinese restaurant thankfully open.
The dog ran from it until he got to the deck. That squirrel bothered him every day! He sat on the deck and waited to come back in.
The game was far away but they got there by the afternoon. They saw most of the game and got to catch a fly ball. They had to go home in time for dinner.
He usually just goes for fun and to surf. This time it was to meet a friend. He was stood up but still enjoyed himself.
Suddenly, they got into an argument. Amy grabbed Kim's brownie, and threw it in the trash. She walked to her table as Kim watched in a stunned silence.
The other driver turned his car back on and revved his engine too then the light turned green and Tim was off. It was a close race but Tim pulled ahead at the end. Tim won and felt proud.
The next day, he couldn't figure out how to log in, called customer service, and he was about to start yelling when the agent asked what email he had. He told her, and she immediately pointed out that was the wrong email. He sheepishly entered the correct email, which worked perfectly.
She said no so he spent the next month collecting cans. He turned the cans in for cash. He went out and bought the game.
She was afraid the other girls would make fun of her. But they loved the dress. She ended up borrowing more dresses from her neighbors.
One day, the lunch box was dented. Karl's mother was very upset. She made him take his lunch in a paper bag instead.
Susan's horse spooked at a squirrel that ran across their path. Susan fell off of her horse and hit her hand. Susan needed stitches to close the cut on her hand.
He put soap in the washer and shut the lid. Later he went to get the clothes out of the washer. The load was filled just right and Daniel was happy with the washing machine.
When we came out of the restaurant the bus was gone. It had left and we had to pay $150 to take a cab home. It was a very expensive dinner.
Sally's popped and got into her long hair! She and Frankie tried and tried to get it out but it was stuck. She had to cut off six inches of her hair to get it out.
Amanda talked about the product with her doctor. Surprisingly, Amanda was shocked to find that her doctor sold the item Amanda was happy to report that the product worked.
He dragged himself to the mall. He spend the day in a haze. First thing he did when he got home was to finish the book.
I would have been bored in the outfield, so I would have been spinning in full speed circles. They were playing on black top. I might have tripped and ended up knocking three teeth out, I hate PE>
The ultrasound technician told them that her babies were doing great. Mary and her sister were confused to what that meant. To their surprise, the technician told them Mary was having twins.
Sometimes he would invite friends to join. He wondered if they would ever beat it. They finally did but then decided to start over once more.
During lunch, he tried to sit next to her. Isabella asked if he wanted to be friends, and he said no. The next day at school, they insulted at each other during recess.
They also had different food every night. We went on opening night. They had fireworks at the end of the night.
However, not many people listened to his show. Holmberg was running out of money! Holmberg was forced to shut down his radio show and get a job.
He hated his job, and wanted to quit. One day he overslept and was fired for missing half of his shift. Stephen was relieved to be free of the job.
One day Dave saw John getting chased by a dog. Dave didn't stop the dog to save John. After that John was much meaner to Dave.
Carefully, I placed the coffee next to her. When she picked it up she shook, spilling coffee everywhere. I awkwardly apologized to her for no good reason.
They played board games instead. To be able to compete, Ally started cheating. Ally won every game they played.
They watched intently as their crushes walked by. The caught kisses when it was blown toward them. They had a fun time at the parade!
Abdullah then does his leg routine. Abdullah cleans up and heads home. He passes out for a nap because he's exhausted from leg day.
He hid in the trunk behind a stack of paper towels. His mom freaked out and looked all over the store for him. When she finally found him, she grounded him for a month.
One day in Ricardo's mansion, he told Julie to be prepared for a surprise. Then he gave her roses and asked what she would think about being his girlfriend. The answer to the question from Julie was yes!
It didn't take long for him to decide he didn't want the job. John started applying for new jobs right away. He got an interview at a business that payed much more!
One day I lost Bob inside. I looked all over for Bob. I found bob playing with my sister in the basement.
But then, she threw the stick a little too far. It landed in the bushes. The dog came back running from a live, but very angry, squirrel.
He felt she pressured him and she was too pushy about him going outside again. When Chris tried it he was horrified at how bright it was outside. He lied to his worker saying he would try it more.
He started seeing massive housing and spectacular characters. He got nervous and drove away as fast as he could. He got out of the area in under 10 minutes.
The next day he learned that he got a job, but had to pass a drug test. He wanted to start working and saving his money. Dave still is homeless because he failed his drug test.
There, he visited a war memorial and a museum. He loved learning about France's history. He had a great time on his accidental trip.
Again they tried and once at the top they gave it a push and watched. The ball sped down the hill and crashed into a tree. All the men cheered and ran after the ball to do it again.
I wished they had taken more pictures. Then I realized that I shouldn't focus on the way I look. I decided it was better to focus on my intellect.
But then she saw all kinds of beetles scurrying around! May was disgusted and threw her digging implements down. She decided not to dig in the dirt after all.
She was low on gas. She decided not to stop to get more. She barely made it to school before stalling out.
Jerry isn't the kind of guy to let any illness keep him down. One night during his hospital day, he snuck out to attend a concert with his girlfriend. Jerry is hopeful that he will feel better by watching the concert.
On his visit he tried a lot of horrible food. Unfortunately, he became sick on the last day of his visit. Despite his sickness, Riley considered this the trip of his life....because he almost died.
But they told him they were out of the steak! Ari was dejected and disappointed. He had to order a side of french fries instead.
Coco would just wake up late every morning. Her boss wasn't satisfied with her daily tardiness. Coco lost her job and had to learn to go to bed early.
After the bell had rang and everyone cleared out, I left class and was walking so fast that I slipped and fell. To my embarrassment there was a girl watching me. She pointed and laughed as I picked myself up off the floor.
Only an SD card that she had lost. She uploaded it on her computer. She discovered nothing on the SD card.
Her mother was throwing a party, but Clara wasn't invited. Clara asked why, her sister didn't know. Clara texted her sister a very angry message about the party.
Finally, he pushed away from the desk, his old steady companion. Smiling to himself, he realized he was a free man. The book was finished he thought as he walked out of the room.
The next day she found out her best friend had won. Kelly couldn't believe it. She was happy for her friend.
I asked for her number. She gave me a Jolly Rancher. At least it was the flavor I wanted.
Her long hair made her feel hot. But she liked how it helped her appearance. Jane decided not to cut her hair.
It was never long enough to braid. He decided to keep it shaved off. Now he thinks he looks weird.
Later a member of the hotel's upper management is seen at a bar. He's showing the video to people, laughing and making fun of her body. All decent people vow to never stay at a Marriott hotel again.
He quickly wrote a news story from his imagination. He put his news story online. Many people believed it.
Larissa tried to be sweet to her boyfriend by praising him. Her boyfriend called her everyday. Larissa and her boyfriend are now getting married.
She tried yelling at him. In addition, she flipped over his chair. He looked at her as if she was crazy lunatic.
She claimed it was her boyfriend but he was already on the ground. She bragged about his bravery but her co-workers doubted her. She admitted the truth but her embarrassment cost us our friendship.
He set the broken mirror down just fine. We looked at our faces, making funny smiles and toothy grins. The broken mirror had given him bad luck.
He found them boring and hard. He decided to pay for a tutor. His abilities still did not improve.
Mark left his wife Robin for Tracy. I used to think Mark was wrong leaving his wife. I have since learned it was inevitable.
She realized outside the arena. She was really sad and had to go back home. Her friends told her the concert was super nice.
She tried growing an apple tree and was successful. The apple tree started to grow at a fast rate. After a few months, Melanie had grown plenty of apples for her family!
One day he bought a new expensive knife for the restaurant. He soon became addicted to chopping. He chopped off his employee's head with the knife.
Bob had searched on his phone for days. It seems that there were problematic system daemons. Bob did what it said and he hasn't had a problem since.
I asked him how it was being treated. He said it was magic. I wished him good luck.
Joe liked the features of the iphone. He bought an old iphone with what little savings he had left. Joe received his phone but was worried about his finances.
She made it most of the way safely. But then, near home, the taxi struck another vehicle. Ellen was glad she wasn't drunk driving.
She stays late and goes in early and also works from home. I wanted to take her out to dinner to celebrate the raise but she didn't have time. Although I'm proud to be married to such a hard worker I hate it because I spend less time with her.
You sit down and they write down your order. You then wait a little longer and wait for food. They bring the food out with utensils and napkins and you leave when you're done.
He shrugged it off completely. A nurse offered to to take him to pick out a toy. Alex chose a stuffed animal and started to feel better.
They canoed all day long. At night they pitched a tent to sleep in. In the morning they packed up all their gear and went home.
On his first day, he hit on a beautiful woman as soon as he arrived. She quickly became uncomfortable. He totally forgot about his environment, and came off like a creep.
He plucked it off and put it in a makeshift coop. He knew his kids would like to play with it. The hen was interesting to watch.
He bought language books and started reading. It was really difficult. He learned enough to get by while on his trip in France.
She went to look in her closet and pick something simple out. She quickly found a comfortable, simple dress. She took out the dress and wore it to the party.
We weren't surprised to find the old mansion had a guided tour. The kindly woman asked us if we knew cannibals had once lived there. As her friends appeared with knives, we surmised they did, still.
They had candy hidden and gobbled them up quickly. They had been starving! They ate every piece, then went out to play.
But he got it fixed so then Noah was worried he would not be ready for the meet. He was going to run by himself at least once this week. He got an email from his coach saying they added a practice.
She attended a book club weekly. She had a great time at them. She had many friends there.
So the day he found his trainer was absent, he knew what to do. He stretched  and then  jumped straight into his squats. Both thighs weren't strained, and he understands the importance of stretching.
Her class became extremely loud when she left. Alice stepped back into the room. Alice punished the class by keeping them in for recess.
Alas, when he tried to keep talking to her his mind went empty. He ended up staring creepily at the girl. The girl got scared and walked away.
He was very sure that he would end up alone and bitter. And then, when he least expected it, he met a woman. They fell in love, and married a few years later.
They did not like when Peanut gobbled his food. Becky gave him a snack out of the fridge about an hour before dinner. Peanut didn't gobble his foot anymore.
They removed the turtle and kept him save. But Nick had to still clean it and fill it with fresh water. The tank looked crystal clear when he was finished.
At the store she saw her friend eating. She had no idea anyone brought lunch to work. Her friend offered to share her lunch and Amy happily accepted.
I looked at it and it was red. I was rather disappointed. But I ended up eating it anyway.
She feared she would fail. On her first day, she just smiled and went to her classes. And before she knew it, she had top grades.
Yesterday while using my phone, the part holding the phone to the lanyard snapped off. I started looking online to buy another lanyard. My wife was able to repair the lanyard, so I did not have to buy one.
As the prom draws nearer she gets more and more excited. Finally Jen mets Tyler her prom date. Jen is so relieved to have a prom date.
Martin was nervous and didn't do a good job. The boss fired him. Martin never got a job again.
Suddenly I lost my balance and the phone smashed the ground. I was devastated because the phone was expensive. Thankfully I found a place to fix it.
It's been awhile since he played on his console. He played a game about fighting the girl who dumped him. He had fun online.
During recess, he climbed onto a building. And he held out a milk carton attached to an invisible string. The students began to cry and Tim was sent to the principal's office.
And he became very good at tennis. The tennis center closed down, but Andy was ready. He signed up for an amateur tournament and won!
He was mad at her. She hadn't called to say where she was. She said she had gone to the wrong restaurant first.
She went to the doctor and he told her she needed medicine. She went and got medicine and orange juice. She began to feel better in a couple days.
Jessie ran away and Edna searched everywhere for her, but couldn't find her. She was about to give up. Luckily, she noticed Jessie outside talking on her phone.
My friends laughed and said that frogs cannot be pets. I looked in several books and found out there really are pet frogs. I enjoyed telling my friends that they were wrong.
This time, he was placed in complete lockdown. Niles spent the rest of his life alone. He regretted his decision to try and escape.
She loved that the dog didn't pee on the floor. Jenna made videos on how to potty train a dog. Now her dog is a movie star.
He couldn't write a song to get his feelings out. Soon, everyone was sharing his sorrow. Harry felt sad that he had lasting pain at the loss of his friend.
Mom was unhappy about the stickers in the box. Liam had to clean all the stickers out of it. Mom gave Liam a sticker book so now he can stick his collection in it.
He wanted Joey there as soon as possible to cover April's shift. Joey could have said no, but he decided it was necessary to make money from April's shift. He told his boss he'd be there in fifteen minutes.
When they told their parents, they were forbidden to visit the man. One day, the sound of the puppies stopped. Feeling ostracized, the man had moved away.
After one day however the daily walks became a burden. Nina informed Mary that she will not watch the dog in the future. Now Mary has to find a new dog sitter.
He came up to  tome brag about his exploits on the waves. I told him to leave me alone. Rick hasn't been around to brag to me lately.
They both ran a good campaign and worked hard. Their classmates voted on who they wanted. Adam won by twenty votes.
He tried to pretend that he was a pro cyclist. However, he struggled to turn the pedals after a few seconds. The girl saw him collapsed on the floor.
She decided to start a fundraiser to raise money for expanding the track team. It was a great success, and the track team grew. Due to her efforts, the school track team made her an honorary leader.
A strange woman met him and explained quickly what was happening. He was amazed by what she told him and excused himself quickly. He had to get home and he had to find help.
His friends encouraged it. They shared his idea with their other friends. Frank learned how to draw, became famous and made millions of dollars.
They stopped at the door and chatted for awhile. Gina did not want to chat. She no longer wanted to be in the group.
Clara made the mud pies to have with pretend tea with her dolls. Her friend was over, and convinced her to actually eat one! Clara was grossed out and no longer makes mud pies!
The kids enjoyed ice cream and we enjoyed hot dogs at home. My husband caught a fly ball. It was an eventful day at home!
Each day she would just just toss her jewelry in her container. But the next day she lost a piece of jewelry. She decided she would get a small Tupperware to keep them in.
He was relieved, because before he had tried using regular soap. The soap didn't work as well as his shaving cream. And Ashton had nicked his face shaving.
I had a great time eating the cookies. There was one cookie left. I decided to eat the cookie to avoid fighting over it.
When she arrived just a few minutes late she waited for over an hour but her date never showed up. Sally decided to stay at the restaurant and enjoy herself. She met a lot of cool people and was glad her date never showed up.
Her friend had disappeared. Jean went to a local salad bar. She wished she could reconnect with her friend and have a great time.
Hank angrily woke up at 10 AM to the sound of loud music. But then he remembered he had work in 30 minutes. This time, Hank was happy about his neighbor's party.
He said she was supposed to have started work two minutes ago. When suddenly a boiling noise made Nancy look at the stove. The milk was spilling everywhere ruining everything.
That mechanic did not change oil. She went to another mechanic who changed oil. The oil will be changed tomorrow.
Sal begged her mommy to quit smoking. Emma was so touched by Sal's plea. She vowed to start chewing nicotine gum that very same day.
Her father and mother had been at a party all day. At 11 PM they were both still drinking. Gina hitched a ride home alone the next day.
She arrived at the first skii lodge and was blown away. It was so beautiful! She enjoyed her afternoon skiing and admiring the scenery.
Normally he would not date someone with a cat. The dog wins him over. He realizes that cats are probably jerks.
They passed out the cups to their friends filled with pickle juice. They complained that the water tasted like pickles. They will remember to bring plain water from now on.
I went to the music store and bought a guitar. I took the guitar home and practiced for days. I never learned to skate properly but did learn the guitar!
As she was driving to her new house, she hit a big bump. All the pillows broke out! Kim regretting not using more reinforcement.
He had never seen them so calm. Simon was by himself. He thought it was too boring and went home.
He decorated the room and made some treats. All his family came over to celebrate. It was a fun party.
Mike started paying for it on an installment plan. It only took him 1 Year to pay it all off, but then it was all his! To Mike's chagrin, the vacuum broke the very next time he used it.
He thought to first check them out. He found many of them had terrible conditions. So he decided not to invest.
Marty said he might be fired. He promised to stop ignoring emails. Gene is answering all his email now.
Several of the nurses wanted to go with me. They said that I was an extremely wise and a considerate patient. I gave them a hug at the end of the day.
That's when he noticed that a mosquito had bit him. He felt sick the next day. The doctor diagnosed him with a mild illness.
Electronics, some cash, and also some jewelry were his presents. Ted thanked his friends because he was happy and astonished. A few days later, another friend had a surprise party too.
One day, after a trip to South Africa, Hector decides to write again! When he finished the novel, he knows it is his best writing. But Hector deeply regrets that he had stopped writing for so long.
His mom knew right where he was. They shopped with each other for an hour. Tom finally got to go home.
At the altar, I leaned in to kiss my bride! I smelled the garlic bread from her breath and threw up. It was the worst day of my life.
She asked her grandmother if she had any almond milk. She took her to the barn and told her to milk the cow before they buy almond milk. Sally sat and started to milk the cow which she had never done before.
However, Henry said he'd sold his car. Although he said that his car was gone, it wasn't. The cousin ended up walking away.
This was the last bus. She sat next to a nice stranger. They talked the entire ride.
She smiled and hugged him. She put them in a vase and admired them. It was so wonderful to have plastic flowers in the house!
When he got home that night, he realized he had a terrible blister. The next morning, the blister was much better. Cory decided to wear better shoes for his second day exploration.
When she found more, Lucy decided to have a garage sale. She sold over all of the stuff that she didn't want. She ended the day with a clean garage and over two hundred dollars.
He tried to save up money several times but could not. Many years later his mother passed away and left him $30,000. He was finally able to relocate to Washington.
Finally it is Monday! Johnny and his dad go outside to play catch. They have a wonderful Monday together.
He couldn't resist stealing that brand new car that parked on his block. He had done it several times before. But eventually, Luis got arrested for grand theft auto.
One day there was a case nobody knew how to solve. Paul took up the case and started his investigation. He solved it immediately and shocked everybody.
After school her mom went to the doctor with her. The doctor gave her medicine to make her feel better. The medicine worked and she went back to school the next day.
They showed up and got to their seats. The overhead announcement came on and began to speak. Tony and his friends all had a great time.
However, this was no wreck. Chad was shocked to see Shaquille O'Neal driving past. Chad was elated to see his favorite basketball player and lost control of the car.
Dave really enjoyed this but wanted to get him back. The next time, Dave tricked John and scared him instead! John agreed that it was kind of fun to be scared.
The new ones required a card and internet access. Some of the older condo owners complained. The board stayed by their decision, and everyone coped with the change.
Mike sustained several injuries, including a concussion. Mike obtained an attorney, and was rewarded with a huge settlement from the auto company for the car's flaw. Mike the mechanic retired to the beaches of Fiji.
There was a bad storm at the camp this week. A tornado ripped the place apart. Allison was lucky that she wasn't there.
His mom told Robbie to ask his father. His father told him he was busy. Robbie didn't have anyone to help him with his homework so he sat down to cry.
I tried to buy it online instead, but my card had issues. I called my bank and they told me I had a problem to work out. I fixed the issue, and then bought the part with no problem.
He was always complaining to them, while also trying to ruin them. When she saw a Help Wanted ad for a similar job, she knew what to do. Karen's new job was even better, because her co-workers were actually decent!
He had been practicing on smaller hills. Slowly and steadily he rode up higher and higher hills. Eventually after a month he rode the steep hill to the top.
They decided that they would leave the house after midnight. They were out past curfew and a police officer found them. Peter's parents were called by a cop and notified of Peter and Steve.
They needed a medical procedure. The mother was three months pregnant. The couple left the sonogram off their Christmas card.
The ticket taker pitied the boy that he couldn't afford it. The boy began to dance for the people in line to earn money. The boy bought his ticket and gave the ticket taker a dirty look.
However, she struggled paying bills a few days later. Her car bill was $90, the same amount she spent on the food. When her boyfriend refused to give her any money, she yelled at him.
He decided to risk continuing on when they were struck by a torpedo. Everybody clambered onto lifeboats. Because of quick action, everyone survived.
She watched it midway and stopped. When she was done, she left a negative comment. After that, she posted on Facebook on how terrible the video was.
I never thought they would make a new Star Wars movie. A new Star Wars movie is coming out at the end of 2015. I'm going to wait to even consider seeing it.
He jumped on and started to swim. Water splashed in his face and he screamed and laughed. It was such a fun jump!
He tries to woo her with money and goods. She then seduces her boss. Her boss and wife get divorced and he marries his assistant.
Eventually, dogs started barking. Tom couldn't relax. Tom put on large headphones and was able to relax again.
She decided to send a prank email to their mother. When her brother found out, he was very mad. Emily got in big trouble with her mom.
He got it fixed and took it to drag race on Friday, even though his friend told him he'd lose. He lost horribly and was humiliated. Now he listens to his friend more.
But that ended up causing some trouble. When Anna disembarked, someone grabbed her because of her shirt. Luckily, her seatmate gave them the info that she was the right person wearing the shirt.
Then Kevin grabbed a chocolate bar he saw and took a bite. The chocolate was delicious and he knew he had to buy it too. At the end of the transaction, Kevin spent about $50.
I saw the next highway exit was jammed bumper to bumper. Thankfully I didn't have to go that way and sit for hours. I got home and greeted my wife.
That's when he met Sam and they started dating. Charles told him he never dated a white man before. Sam said he wasn't white, but Brazilian.
I need something in my price range too. I hope my husband finds one. I would really like to move.
Amy and Sue had a conversation to work out their differences. Sue seemed to understand why Amy was upset. Amy left the dorm that day confident she and Sue were going to get along and be able to study together.
The girls had a blast. Unfortunately they lost power. The girls then had to turn on the generator.
He  looked up at the tree on his way home He gisnied tje walk home shortly after looking at the tree. He then got on his computer once he was home
James practiced for a few days and fell many times. One day, James' big brother helped him learn. With his brother's help, James successfully skated for the first time!
Al got a new girlfriend and she was coming over, so he picked a movie, made some food, and got some wine. They drank and had fun. It relaxed her and put her in a good mood.
He was taken to the hospital by helicopter ambulance. We drove to the hospital to see how he was doing. Luckily it was just a small fracture and he never wanted to do a difficult hike again.
The buyer invoked the fine print on the futures contract. He was delighted to accept the shipment. In the end, the ship and cargo were worth more than the insurance money.
She still posted selfies every day. But when it came down to it, she felt lonely. And when she needed support or help, she was alone.
If they came by land, he'd flash it twice. They came by land. He flashed the warning light twice!
A homeless man scratched the ticket eagerly. Then he doubled over in shock. Han's ticket was a big winner!
Tim looked for a razor but it was broken. He sat in front of a mirror to shave his hair. The shaver worked very slowly but it worked.
They twisted their limbs around playing on the playground. They laughed and giggled. It was their new favorite game!
The only problem was that I got majorly sick. I spent most of the trip in bed. I learned to take better care of myself next time.
Everyone always told her she would catch a disease picking up strays. She found a raccoon digging in her trash and made it run away. Jannie never liked strays thanks to those people who told her that.
He just couldn't understand how he'd lost it in the first place. Then he remembered he'd taken it into town for re-sizing. That's why he left it inside his dresser, which was unusual.
He started going to Boot Camp every day and got really buff. By the time the race came up, he had bulked up considerably. Jeremy ran an amazing race and was so happy he did it.
I waited and watched for fish. I felt something bite my hook. I reeled in the fish into the shore.
As I sat on the cart, we started zooming. We twisted and turned very fast. I started to feel sick.
The pepperoni is the best. Whole foods charges a small amount too. I picked some up yesterday.
My friend snuck a beer from her dad. We all sat in a circle and took a sip of the beer. We thought it was great.
After hiking a short distance they noticed that the trail led to a forest instead. Supposing that they'd taken the wrong trail, they turned around. But later they found out that the field had just been further along.
He didn't make much money however. Joe had to move back to his parent's house. He had to get a part-time job delivering pizzas to support himself.
Then I began to head back to my room for privacy. On the way I realized I wasn't going to get there fast enough. As I ran to my hotel I ended up spraying feces down the hall.
I asked my husband if he knew where my shoes were. I sat down on the couch to think for a minute. Under the couch I found my shoes and was able to go to work.
He carefully installed them onto the ceiling. They looked wonderful! Harold couldn't wait to show them off to his family.
Jeff stormed over to his house to talk about this injustice. The neighbor punched Jeff in the face before he could speak. Jeff limped home and never painted his mailbox blue again.
She was really relieved and thankful. Finally, she could wrap the gifts that just had arrived. When the gifts were exchanged she enjoyed the process very much.
The audience noticed and started to get excited. Mister Song opened the piano and peered inside. A mouse was running around on the strings, enhancing the sound.
First they made eggnog. Then they made huge snowman cookies. They ended having a food fight before calling it day.
She found a pair online that suited her. She added them to her cart and ordered them. Amy logged out and received the package a day later.
He applied to many, but knew he wanted to go to U of F. When the time came, Tim packed his bags and moved there. Going to college was the most exciting thing to him.
Jimmy searched online for a new video card. He found a deal through eBay. Jimmy got his video card in the mail a few days later.
So he couldn't clean them as quickly as possible. After Tom ate dinner, he felt sick. He realized he didn't do any washing of the dishes.
A couple people were warned about the noise in their rooms at night. They didn't get in too much trouble. But they apologized to the rest of us.
He worked very hard to make money for his coffee shop. On his first day, Horace had many customers who ordered coffee. He was very proud that he has finally opened a coffee shop.
He wondered why the tea tasted so bad. He looked at a website for tea for opinions. He realized there's a lot of kinds of tea.
It's so much fun, they don't even stop to eat. Later that night, he is starving. Landon realized that mom really does know what's best!
She made the purchase and was leaving the store. As she was walking to her car a gust of wind blasted past her! Her husband's coat was ripped out of her hands and flew off into the sky!
Rebecca finds her new workout routine very challenging. However, eventually she finds that she is losing weight. She is very happy that her workout routine is working.
Charles was well rested. He woke up with no memory of what happened last night. His crew informed him he had got drunk, and he slept twelve hours.
Beth woke up to a message from a friend that contained a link to a video. Beth watched the video with her friends. Everyone laughed at the funny video.
He would have to miss work for over a week. Then he went downtown and got good news. They had already picked a full jury and did not need Ed afterall!
I swam down to see what it was. It was an old boat. I was disappointed because it wasn't a big fish.
She will use the plane ticket to visit Alice. Helen was able to wait for the trip to aunt Alice house. She spent Christmas time with her aunt Alice.
Mary continued to listen to her favorite song. Two songs later, Mary was approached by a cop. The cop gave her a warning about playing music too loud.
He push down hard on the gas. Everything was a blur. He was driving fast in the race.
He bought a repair part online. Once he got the part he started to repair his own computer. His repaired computer is much faster than the old one.
Later, he went out to the lake without his gear and jumped in. He swam around and found treasures at the bottom of the lake. Jeremy happily swam to the surface with his new trophies.
One day, the son was killed in a battle. The father packed up his things and left. He was never the same again.
We were together for several weeks so I can monitor her. Before I was about to leave, she was about to run into a glass window. I immediately ran after her to redirect her.
She sold a record for a million dollars. She used the money to support other artists. Becky started her own foundation.
Michael and his family didn't know to begin stocking up on food and supplies. The snowstorm did severe damage to Michael's house. Michael was fortunate because no one in his family got hurt.
Several minutes later, my mom threw it away. After spending 20-30 minutes looking for it, I asked my mom. When she told me that she threw it away, I became mad.
He spent more time at the bar to find out why. It turned out the bartender was giving away free drinks to girls. Tom immediately promoted him.
Rupert got up to peek outside of his room. He found only some furniture out there. Rupert laughed as he fell asleep.
Another kid told Jamie what Gina had said. Jamie was not pleased. The gossip had caused a rift between the two.
He went to take the report card to his mother. To his dismay he was told additional cards were mailed the day before. Dan ran all the way home hoping to get there before his parents.
But wicked Eva decided she could be even richer by selling her jewelry She was shocked when the jeweler said all her rings were fake! So evil Eva finished her lonely life in prison.
He had tried calling friends to help but nobody answered their phones. Finally his best friend called later and arrived when he was done. They both went out for drinks together.
The tips wore down, and had to buy new rubber tips online. The tips lasted twice as long and let me walk with greater confidence. I went online and gave the tips positive feedback.
Ellen applied for an appointment and waited for them to do their work. When Ellen rinsed out the dye, her hair was darker than before. Then, Ellen realized they needed to bleach her hair first.
Brian was nervous as he went up to the plate. But he hit the ball on his first try, and it flew into the outfield. Brian made it to the home plate, and scored!
One day, she could only find one thick black sock. She searched high and low for the missing sock. After an hour, she found it in the closet.
I stared at the pudding longingly. I took the first taste and it was great. Suddenly, my brother came through the door and we all enjoyed pudding.
He skipped the chapter because he thought he wouldn't like the story. And he quickly tossed aside the book when he finished. When Omar took his calculus test, he had no idea what to do.
My friends told me to go to Ikea and look there. Though I looked online and found a decent tablecloth there! I brought it home and my roommates loved it!
He crawled around in the sunlight, looking around. Finally, he saw a familiar item. He grabbed the flashlight in case it gets dark.
Jill gathers some food and blankets and goes outside to grill. Jill turns on the radio and listens to some music. Jill enjoys the day and has a great time.
He showed everyone what he found that day because the hair was old. He wished the hair was worth something so he could use the money to travel to France. His dream was to see the sewers of Paris.
They shared and rotated the payments so they weren't as expensive. This made the movie going experience even better. The movie was great and so were their snacks.
Justin was qualified to be a prison guard. He went through the application process. The jail was full and didn't hire Justin.
When they got halfway to school, they had to go back to his friend's house to get his backpack he forgot. Jake and his friend were both late for class. Jake stopped driving his friend to school.
He was scared but determined to ride the other rides. After the first trip on the Ferris wheel, he laughed aloud. He had found his new favorite activity!
Previously Scooter had found one of his old bones that he had buried. Cindy smiled and helped Scooter dig it out. Scooter seemed too excited and wasn't paying attention.
Dashing in, she began as the others sat and observed her project. Satisfied with it, her boss had her begin right away on the paperwork. The end of the day finally arrived and Sophia left the office joyful.
When he got home, he opened the bag. There were several worms inside. He immediately threw it away.
He gave them to her. And he continued to do what made him happy. But a few weeks later, he was hospitalized for a disease.
Upon inspection, Billy saw an enormous bear that he fell in love with. Billy tried to win the bear in a game in 5 tries, and won on the 4th. After Billy won, he immediately chose the bear.
Carly got all of her friends together before the wedding ceremony. She asked all of her friends to take photos with their smart phones. Carly ended up getting amazing wedding photos from her friends.
Rob had missed Amber very much Rob had called Amber up and apologized for his wrong doings Rob and Amber were happy they decided to move back in together
He hit the power line and got zapped. The city wrote him a ticket for his actions. The guy decided to leave it up to the professionals.
The keyboard was defective so Truman ordered a new keyboard from the internet. Truman was overjoyed when he got his package. However, he would need some time to adjust to the new layout.
Stacy decided to askabout the choir in the play. They sang very well at her audition. They gave Stacy an offer to audition but she declined.
She was disapointed she couldn't join. She watched the team in their first game. Her mom watched with her, and realized she just needed to practice more.
The ant had gotten into the living room. She was trying to find it but it crept under a table. She posted a video of herself screaming.
He gained a lot of weight eating junk food. Adam then couldn't get a girlfriend. He stopped eating junk food and got a girlfriend.
He pushed and pushed, to make room for more trash. He closed the lid and walked away. The next morning, they had blown all over the yard.
She wanted to go to her mom's right away. However her work wouldn't let her off until the funeral. She was sad she couldn't even help in some small way.
Susan turned 5. The school sent a letter Susan was old enough. Susan sadly had to take the bus to school.
Juan really wished he had won. Tim hadn't missed a putt, so he had no chance. Then Juan asked for a rematch and they tied.
His grandma arrived and attempted to teach John the basics. John had a lot of trouble learning, but he persevered. John, later in the year, won a piano playing competition.
Because she always had trouble parking. And certain spaces were always too small to fit in. But the truck made her feel too important to think about another car.
Her parents realized she did not smile in photos. Mae's parents took her to get dental implants at the orthodontist. Mae could not stop smiling and her parents were happy.
He had heard so much about the Great Wall of China. He took a trip there and he had to agree with the other visitors. The Great Wall of China was absolutely breathtaking!
Coming in, she saw that her face was still pale and unburned. Ava was happy! She hadn't known the sunscreen would work so well.
I thought he might be a bum, not just mentally ill. He started putting his underwear under the neighbor's door. The landlord finally kicked him out posthaste.
Last year my parents picked me up at the airport and we ate at Panera. An hour after leaving the restaurant, I realized I didn't forget my violin! I didn't call Panera and they didn't find my violin.
He put electric lights instead. He put up a cross too. Everyone that drove by saw the display.
He lost a few pounds. He exercised as well and lost more weight. Greg was really excited about the weight he lost.
Ross played alone for hours. Ross eventually became really good at the game. He was good enough to become a professional gamer.
He threw it in the washer, then dried it. He folded everything and put it away afterwards. June felt so much better knowing it was all done!
He got to the game and huddled with his teammates. Red played very hard and well. They won the game when Red scored the winning touchdown!
Tommy didn't have any money saved. He asked his boss if he could work extra hours. Tommy worked extra hours to save more money.
He took a few aspirin. Soon he was feeling better. He was glad he went to work in the end.
He stayed up all night doing it. When he presented it he thought he did well. But, the teacher said it looked too realistic and failed him.
I researched Amazon and said she could make $200. When she weighed the lamp she found out it too heavy. She decided to donate the lamp to people who could pick it up.
Mary needed to take the cat out to go pee. She tried to carry him outside, but he just ran back in. Mary decided to try again when the rain let up.
He sometimes sneaks into the theater. Or steals a movie from redbox. His parents don't know how to stop him.
Kirk even wore his favorite bathing suit. His brother brought his favorite bathing suite too. Kirk and his family would have had a great time if it was not for the rain.
Brenda answered the door and walked to his car with him. They had a nice dinner at a diner and saw a show afterward. Both of them had a great time and agreed upon another date.
One male cat comes to our window everyday. I caught them hissing at each other through the window one day. It was very funny to see them do that.
They went skating at a local school yesterday. They started doing some tricks until a police officer came over. He complimented them on their tricks.
He decided to run for three months, twice a week. He tried his best every time he ran. In one summer And lost twenty pounds.
She asked John's friends about it but they didn't know either. She finally just asked John what he wanted for his birthday. Tracy got a gift card to a coffee shop for John's birthday gift.
Walking to the store she saw some fliers and pulled one down to get a closer look at it. It was a flier for a missing dog with a reward. During her walk Julie found the dog and returned it to it's owner.
She decided to celebrate out with her own friends. Her parents threw her a surprise birthday party. Molly was sad about not getting to go out.
Soon after, she started to feel burnt out. Luckily, a quick glass of water and a snack helped her feel upbeat. She finished the rest of her chores quickly.
Julie loved all the dogs, but one type of dog in particular. They sent her memes of Boston terriers. Julie was so happy, and loved the memes dearly.
He would roll it out, just like any other dough. Then he would spread sauce and toppings on it. Luigi's pizzas were the best.
The car stopped right before getting on the closed roads. Marissa probably would've slid three more times on the way to work. She decided she was going to buy a new car that was better in snow.
He could hardly imagine starting school so he could use it! He carefully loaded it into his backpack and then carried it to school. He knew it would be a terrible year with such an ugly folder!
She met a lot of nice people online. Over the Year's, these people became her closest friends. They stayed in touch for Years after graduation.
He allowed me to climb on top of the horse. After my teacher helped me up, I rode it. It traveled across the farm.
She tried to find a good doctor. She got surgery. Now people can hardly tell the difference.
Scott talked his neighbor into planting Kudzu. Within a couple weeks, the Japanese vine had grown everywhere. Scott felt horrible, and it was now in his yard too.
Since he was doing bad in science class, he hoped the show would help. By the time his course ended his teacher was very impressed. He was at the top of his class because of the show.
She found one she liked. She wasn't able to work out a great deal with the dealership. Sarah didn't drive the new car home.
When Ben opened his cookie, his was empty. Jen's cookie had two fortunes inside. Ben was happy Jen got his by accident.
He thought that was weird but she offered him the wig. He put on the clown wig. Besides it being itchy, he liked the wig.
He had an unlimited amount of money. He had to pick the ones he wanted. It was from drawings of spaceships
But she did not see Anna behind her! She shit Anna in the nose! Her teammate felt terrible about hitting Anna!
Because shiny things fade fast. She decided she needed pearls instead. She was sure she wouldn't be disappointed again.
Hannah decided to challenge him in chess, and she'll kiss him if he wins. The game was close however, Hannah ended up winning. Gary was mad and decided to throw away the teddy bear.
Connie bought outfits that were pink and frilly. Bonnie bought outfits that were black and revealing. Both girls felt more unique and happier in their new outfits
Her sister soon showed up and they attempted playing poo but they had no idea what they were doing. Their uncle showed them how to play and told them the rules. She decided it was more fun to play her way without the rules.
The instructor called out for the downward dog position. Jane got down slowly to go through the movements. Jane got back up to a sitting position when she was done.
I told him to get a beeper to put on it so he can find it next time. He never listens to anything I say so he won't do that. Next time I'm there I'm just going to bring a remote just in case.
One kid threw the ball so hard it went over the other's head. The ball bounced and broke a glass vase. The kid who threw it left because he didn't want to be around when his friend's mom got home.
However, they still tried to steal it from her. Her car was pushed around in the street. She became mad once the car got scratched.
Last week I spent the entire day to fix the lawn mower. Once it was fixed, I mowed the lawn with joy. My wife had to come out and tell me I had mowed the same spot twice.
I saw a video about a a katana blacksmith from a tiny village in Japan. I imagined that I could be his apprentice. But he probably would decline because I am a foreigner
Hoshi could tell they liked the meal. Hoshi went back to the kitchen and brought back another plate of Japanese food. The in-laws smiled widely and dug in again.
She didn't get to see an endless procession of flowers of every color. Earlier Nell noticed the sky had darkened. She looked out the window to see the dark flowers far in the distance.
He'd been kicked out of the bar after a confrontation with another man. They began fighting and Jerry beat him up. Jerry went to jail when the police found him in the alley.
Fluffy had followed the squirrels up to the tree and got stuck. He was happy to be down and immediately ran into the house. He still loves to chase the squirrels.
They were talking about how they couldn't wait to find out if their baby was a boy or girl. The doctor tried for several minutes, but the baby wouldn't move. It would have to remain a secret!
He banged loudly on his window. The guy panicked. He drove the car into a pole.
I decided to heat some towels. I placed them in my forehead and belly. Next morning I was feeling better.
Her grades started to go up and she was always tired. Her parents told her to fix this issue. She managed her time better and slept more.
He tried to kick it but I was far gone. I left the car at my friends house and he accidentally bumped into my car. He said he was sorry.
One day, a very famous actor went to see his audition. Taylor was offered a movie part. He was very excited to be noticed.
I didn't anticipate falling in love with a show. A random stop at the iron throne changed my life forever. I brought a little replica and it helped me heal.
One of the stolen books was written by J K Rowling under a pseudonym. It was a murder mystery. I liked the book so much I bought the book myself.
But there was a terrible ice storm that stranded them midway! They bought turkey lunch meat and canned potatoes at a grocery store. Their trip that was spent with them stranded in a hotel became one of their fondest memories.
The dog wouldn't make a mess again. Melissa was relieved! The kitchen was no longer messed up by the bad dog.
We decided to try to date even though he was gay. One day, I told him my favorite president was Teddy Roosevelt. He said he didn't care for history and we never spoke again.
I love cats, so I feature photos of my cats. I compiled a lot of photos. My family and friends now expect a pet card each year.
In the middle of the movie we were watching I went to kiss her. She pulled away from me though. I was too disappointed to pay attention to the movie after that.
Velma had five dollars. Velma looked through her car for spare change to buy more. Velma ended up buying two frozen bananas.
Penny would spend hours nursing and caring for her dolls. She would even put on model showcases displaying her dolls bandages. Penny would go on to become an international nurse.
The two friends cut out sweets and began walking. Kay was amazed at the results. In eight weeks, she had lost twelve pounds!
She went to the garden center. She bought some garden gnomes. Now, her garden looked beautiful.
She had even bought a wedding dress two sizes smaller to wear. She planned on using the dresses size as her ideal weight loss goal. Grace was not able to fit in the dress.
A mobster asked Evie to steal a famous painting. The mobster offered Evie a large amount of money. Evie told the mobster she would do it to try something new.
After work she went to the park and fed the ducks. There an old friend saw her and they reconnected. She went back to work in higher spirits.
Johnny had calls about his sold car. A man came to look at the car. The man bought Johnny's old car at the car lot.
One day I saw the car again, walking up to it she was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. We made jokes and laughed together. Two years later we got married and lived happily ever after.
The men ran when they saw that the rocks were going to fall on them. They got in their trucks and sped out of the quarry. Safely above the quarry, the men stopped and watched the rocks spill down.
Our first stop was watching the episode of the laundry where Walt worked. We watched him get out of the car and the cops came. The cops told Walt a man was on the loose and he should be careful.
I panicked, knowing my son had the same car. As I looked down at my phone to call, I see a text that was delivered. "I'll never forget you, Dad' my heart filled with sadness and regret.
So Jim decided to microwave his oats. And they became dry and firm. Jim was satisfied with his oats.
Despite her pleas, they refused to leave her property. Desperate, Beverly called the local fumigator. After the fumigator evicted the roaches, Beverly put up a roach motel.
Becky read all the required books and showed up to the meeting. Becky was upset that the book club was more of a wine club. Becky laughed while all the women got drunk.
He felt that the yard was too barren and lacked interest. The rich man considered commissioning a large windmill to be built in his yard, but wanted to remain low key. From then on he was the unknown millionaire.
He changed his mind and the problem was, he didn't know how to tie it. Patrick shrugged and tied it just like shoe laces. Patrick looked ridiculous and the interviewer didn't hire him.
His favorite drink was Gin and Tonic. He drank a few at home and had a good time.. His girlfriend stayed with him that night, thankfully.
The beauty of a paper suddenly struck me. Tears filled my eyes in front of all my students. I learned to be more careful when showing emotions in front of my students.
He kept looking at his options. He found a few that he would wear. Harold threw on one of these shirts every chance he got.
Alyssa wore the brooch as often as she was allowed that she bought. Her grandmother passed later that year. The brooch became even more special as Alyssa fondly remembered her.
Tobias started improving near his house. One day at class he met a famous actor who offered him acting lessons. Eventually, Tobias was a minor character actor with a real SAG card.
Then they saw some tropical fish. Finally they went to the shark show. They had a super fun day.
He is very good at basketball so he gave others some tips. He was very confident in general but now even more confident. When he tried out the coach told him yes and he was happy.
He always tried to dodge class. He even did poorly on his tests. Next year he took a weightlifting class.
Unfortunately, she couldn't find the link. She spent almost an hour looking around. Finally, she found the right link.
When his teacher handed the tests back he knew he failed. He got an F for not taking the test. Dawson was so depressed!
She had been unemployed for a year. She was so anxious because she needed strange men to pay for her drinks. Carol was determined to have a good night without spending money.
It was unjust and I still became very interested in why some kids have a harder time learning. I went back and got a teaching certification in special education. Now my child has grown up and I still have a job I love.
It was muscular and was accompanied by four other dogs. Alarmed, I hesitated, then turned and ran. I stayed inside my house until the skunk passed.
His dog loved the toy. Alex devoted time to training his dog. Alex was successful in teaching his dog to sit.
And picked up a self defense class. For her final project, she fought on her own. She fought like hell and got an A.
But when she went into the kitchen, she was disappointed. All the eggs were gone! Anna had to have cereal for breakfast after all!
Someone takes her purse. They run off. The escort tries to run to catch them but cannot catch them.
We went out for ice cream to celebrate also. When I got home I found out that my brother had died after my game. I then realized it was actually the worst day ever.
She was too injured to play. My parents told me the money was not going to waste. And that's how my piano instructor learned to play the piano with her feet!
She was in the locker room with all the older girls who comforted her. She felt like an adult. She wished she could take a picture to remember this moment.
When he got there, John rented a nice car and for the trip. John stopped at hotels each night of the trip. Several days later, John had thoroughly enjoyed Oregon.
I didn't have to get it fixed. But when I used it next it stopped working and it couldn't be fixed. So I had to buy another one instead.
She was working cases for four children. They loved spending time with Hannah when she was working on their cases. The kids were thankful they'd found someone who cared about them.
They ordered mushrooms on both of the pizzas. Alex hates mushrooms on his pizza. He decided to just toughen up and eat them this one time.
The language is very good on most of them. Some even have some cooking themes. It surprises me they make these type of apps for kids.
Martha grew bored of waiting inside. So she rushed out to meet friends against her parents wishes. Martha crashed the car after hitting a slippery puddle.
I tried to get in the coffee shop but they were blocking the door and hugging. The man looked at me my with a tearful face. I decided to join in on the hug.
He did work for most businesses in town. Everyone in the area knew his sound. The man felt very accomplished.
Eventually his friends offered to help. Sarah needed to hire a new waiter for her restaurant. Dan started working for Sarah so he can pay his rent.
He sat at home and watched TV until he nearly ran out of time. He turned his story into a murder-mystery! Ed turned his assignment in and got an A on it!
She sculpted a beautiful piece. It featured the sunset. She sold the sculpture to someone for millions of dollars.
She was upset and decided to report it to the police. After a few days she received a call from the police. They found the thief and Mary got her jacket back!
She offered it to him. He refused. After a while, he finally accepted and it was the best meal ever.
He finally hit rock bottom and went to rehab. A year later Dale got out of rehab and found a job. He is excited to start his new improved life.
I bought a new lock from the dollar store and replaced the broken one. She was skeptical but tried it anyway! Laura's new lock worked perfectly and she was very happy.
They were going door to door selling cookies. They sold their last box at the end of the night. It was hungry work.
But he questioned where is his real home? He decided his real home is the first house he remembers living in. He drove past his first house and realized now it has nothing to do with his family.
Keith missed the rest of the movie. Keith wanted to see the rest of the movie. He unpaused the DVD and started watching.
They went and had dinner and didn't go to a movie. Jane and Tom both had a great time. They both agreed to meet again.
The next day, he decided to teach a new section of the material we're studying. Several people decided to get up and walk out of class. As much as I was annoyed, I tried to remain in class.
He could still here the kitten cry for help. Haruki ran to get help. With the neighbor's help, he found the kitten and brought it home.
He is now 46, and was excited to see the band. He posted a lot of videos on Snapchat. He was tired this morning.
She appreciated each item carefully that she owned. They had a lot of nice, comfortable stuff! When school started, she liked not spending on new outfits.
He delivered his speech with very little passion. The audience booed. Tony was not pleased with how he had delivered the speech.
He then threatened a man for some reason. The man complied fearing for his life. And Guillermo got a lot of money for it.
He was already on countless mailing lists. He had to make a choice on which one. His daughters were dismayed to find his bank account almost depleted.
They got it up in the air and watched it soar. The tail whipped in the wind. It had been a beautiful albeit stormy day for flying a kite!
We didn't know what else he was going to do with it. He grabbed it firmly in his right hand. Smash, he crumpled it against his head!
He is planning a surprise visit. He is going to knock on his girfriend's door in Portland. We think she will be shocked.
They played with the tablet all the way. Then they had a strong head ache. Their mom regretted her decision.
He dusts himself off and runs all around the grass. He climbs and climbs. He swings very high again.
When it came time for the rescheduled show, they were still nervous. The curtain opened. The actors looked out at the audience nervously.
He became thirsty and asked to buy something else. And his total increased to a 7 dollars and 32 cents. John felt completely relieved.
My grandmother was thrilled with what I said. We enjoyed a wonderful Christmas dinner together. I was proud of this evening with my family.
But I was concerned about parking. In the end, I took the train. The train got me there much more quickly!
Because of this, I was one of the most nervous players on my team. However, once I got to high school I didn't make the high school team. This was because I was up against much better players this time.
However, she went since she'd practiced with her parents for several months. She arrived to the testing feeling anxious but confident. After a few short hours, she walked away with her license!
The watched it come out of the water. It was so tiny and amazing! They took lots of pictures of the creature.
But Randy found himself not gaining weight. And he was not sick more often. When Randy's mom found out what they served again, she was still shocked.
She bought a fan to turn on at the end of the bed. She finally got a good nights sleep! Jessica started turning the fan on every night.
His teacher and friends recalled how they could always count on him to brighten the day. When he was gone, the days were a little sad. Everyone was so glad to share Aaron stories.
He tried to shoo it away. The bird kept coming back! Eventually, Barry let it stay.
He used his city's bike path. And he enjoyed beating traffic. Rick ended up using his scooter more than his car.
The ship ran well across the open water. Nick started feeling sick. Nick stayed in his cabin for most of the trip.
She tried on each one. She liked the rose gold ring the most. She bought it and wore it home.
At least that's what he thought, because soon his mother walked in the room and sighed. She turned off the television, much to Ernest's protest. Ernest had been playing all morning and didn't realize how loud he'd gotten.
Everyone showed up with beer. His wife was away. So it was a good time for a guys night in.
She was always trouble and not fun to be around. I did not want to talk to her. I was really quiet and pretended not to be home so she left.
The girls went to the arcade. They got so competitive, Kelly started to scream. She was excited and wanted to win at all costs.
She was pushed back by a wave. When she fell, her hair fell out. Before anyone noticed, she quickly put it on and walked away.
It was so hot in NYC her mom and dad stayed in one room. Our granddaughter refused to smile at us, as she was uncomfortable with the heat. My wife was not pleased.
It didn't seem to work. The bare spot was still very obvious. The mom made a giant ornament to hang in that spot.
He was supposed to bring towels to a room. And he didn't forgot to. So he did his job well.
The game was tied with 3 seconds on the clock. Ryan caught the ball on the inbound pass. He took the three point shot and bricked!
Carl had a chance to eat. Carl decided to order pizza for some of the staff. Carl was extremely happy when the food arrived.
He spent no time learning and practicing. To show off what he knew, he invited his friends for a live show. His friends were very unimpressed with Jack's card trick show.
It got mysteriously filled every night! She stayed up late to watch the hole. She saw a dog sneak in and start to bury his bone!
She realized she forgot her keys and she was locked out! Thankfully she remembered she left a window unlocked. From that day on, she never forgot her keys again!
She sat in the front row of her Science class. She kept a smile on her face. She was able to pass it.
She wanted to visit China for her birthday. Her parents would have to tell her no. Someday Joy might be able to visit China.
All of the sudden he screamed. Pain from the adhesive was very bad. When he looked down at his arm it was messed up.
My friend wanted to sit in the front row of the boat. But there were already people there. We sat down and the ride started.
She finds a nice young man who changed her mind. They meet and become a couple. She gets married and spends the rest of her live with him.
I soon founder another stray, so I took him home to play with my adopted dog while I placed an ad in the paper. The ad I placed helped me locate his owners. His owners were very thankful I had found their dog.
However, she tried to resist popping it. Eventually, she started to feel uncomfortable. She popped it, but it left a mark a week later.
Eric ended up making several wrong turns and getting very lost. Eric refused to ask for directions and ran out of gas. Eric had to walk 5 miles to a gas station to get more gas.
By doing this the bat became a town favorite for his diet. The more moths he ate, the more appealing the bat was to the town. When the bat died the town mourned their mascot, and moth control.
Her brother ended up doing it himself. She squirmed in her seat, But when the brother put the earring in it did not even hurt.
When she ordered it, it was a long wait to ship it. Liz finally got her tablet. When she got in the door, she tripped and shattered it.
When he was called to step forward the suspect stumbled a little. The witness from behind the glass was not paying attention though. In the end, the suspect was able to get away with his dastardly deed.
He whipped out his credit card and paid for it. He would be paying it off forever. Art decided it was worth it to have a lifetimes supply of batteries.
Unfortunately, the driver couldn't get the engine started again. Everyone had to wait an hour until another bus arrived. Therefore, we were late to our classes.
We were on a long-awaited youth trip to the park. We had planned, raised funds and looked forward to this specific day. It was finally here and we had an amazing time!
It was nighttime, and the place she stopped seemed affordable. Gia ultimately decided to go to a safer area. She found a nice hotel with better security.
Janet sent her husband to the store for more ingredients so she could make cupcakes too. Her husband picked up the cupcake ingredients. Janet was able to finish baking her cupcakes too.
They took off when they thought they heard the starting pistol. The ran as hard as they could. They were embarrassed when they realized the race was cancelled.
He took care of selling everything around their house. The family never had to lift a finger harder more than they did after the crash! They couldn't remember life when they were rich.
I was a dog and cat fan. Last week an ex coworker sent me a marketing item issued by the store. I emailed her my thanks.
When they had to score one more point to win, Jenny attacked. She stole the ball and tried to make a shot. However, she missed and the other team managed to win.
I got home, made some coffee, and set up my computer. I connected to the Wi-Fi and logged in. The internet was so slow I couldn't even do anything.
She got put in detention. She saw there for hours until she was free to go. Mary had to report to detention again the next day.
While writing my report card,  the teacher gave me an F. Rushing home, I was nervous to tell my mom about the F. She was upset until I told her about my nerves speaking out loud.
She sometimes like to run circles around her housing block. Morgan challenged her father to a race. She finally ran faster than her father winning the race.
She didn't notice a wooden plank on the ground and stubbed her toe. Since Haley's church clothes got dirty, but she couldn't change her outfit. Thankfully, she was early to church and cleaned up.
But that was because he secretly loved a game called Pilot Wars. As he grew, he pinpointed his interest. He decided to design video games, not pilot ships!
A cab pulled up with a man and a 4 year old child. The child ran over licked my ice cream! I laughed and gave him the rest.
His swing still needed work. Stan's family hired a pro to help him. Stan's swing improved and he won his first tournament.
They settled with tea and waited for their names to be called. The lady called for Swarley instead of Barney. Ted and Marshall never let Barney live that moment down.
While I was typing, my car sped into her. The person was hurt and I started apologizing profusely. She was texting and not paying attention so she didn't get out the way.
That person wasn't able to fix it so he decided to build his own. He cut down a tree and built a table from it. The new table was much stronger and could hold any heavy load.
His mom called to say the neighbor couple was fighting loudly over something again. Justin felt uncomfortable with his mom living there any longer. He decided to ask her to move in with him.
He could not find her. He sent the money to her bank account. The sister improved lives.
On the way, a semi truck nearly drove over us. When we got there, we had to wait in line for an hour. When we finally got to the end, they wouldn't let us bring in any food.
The outfit her aunt loaned her was cute and flattering. She wished she could have one in every color. She couldn't wait to wear it out!
A recent agreement even escalated into a compliment match between us. I stepped back and realized I've been acting a little agreeable. I maintained my behavior and things are still great with the new boss.
The idea came to her right away. Her grandmother gave her a pencil and a legal pad. Terena wrote her first story!
Mr Johnston put the fire out with their extinguisher first. Fortunately the fire didn't destroy anything. The Johnstons vowed to be more careful.
She bought a few normal tomatoes and decided to make pasta sauce. It simmered for hours, then was finally ready. Roma sampled it and found it was delicious!
He shopped for the perfect one. One was too old and the other was too stern. He found a great doctor and got treated.
He needed a lot of new clothes. I could not believe how picky He is with clothes. I will think twice before taking him with me again.
It was their favorite treat at lunch time. They ate their sandwiches and were disappointed. They wished they had the fruit snacks for last!
She had tried repairing the damage to the flower bush herself. The flower bush was almost destroyed beyond repair. Jesse had to have a landscaper come over to plant the new bush.
Danny was getting angry at losing even though they were just learning, so he flipped the table over. All of the chess pieces landed on the ground. He left afterwards.
Kyle just didn't have the ability to write very well. The ghost writer saw his notebook of ideas. She offered to write his novel  for free while he told her his story.
When a small child came for Halloween at her door, she opened it. When she woke up the next day, her house was covered in colorful streamers. Gertrude left it there all year and became the colorful streamer lady.
As I went throughout the day, it seemed my family were cheering me on. I took their smiles and greetings in stride, believing it was the sun! Turns out their enthusiasm was due to the scarf hanging like a cape.
His friend, Maryann, challenged him to an NFL video game. In the first quarter, Gus threw the controller. Maryann was much better than the so-called pro Gus.
So I got a box, but the next time I looked for them, I wasn't able to find them in any of my local stores. My girlfriend is so thoughtful that she ordered some on Amazon. Now I have ten boxes of delicious cereal!
He often joked in front of his friends. An acquaintance arranged for him to perform at a local bar. That weekend Andy performed in front of an audience of thirty.
I stayed up all night playing video games. I did decide to go to my lesson, but I fell asleep while my teacher was talking. My violin teacher wasn't happy with me.
She found all the materials to redo it. When she was finished, it was a beautiful space! Kelly was in love with her new room!
She checked for more every day. A few days later she saw another. She stared in awe as a beautiful butterfly came out!
The rival king poached all the best spies. It turns out they were all bribed to let the king win. One of the spies confessed to not really trying.
The girls ran to the basement. The rain was very heavy and steady. There was a lot of flooding in their town.
Debra wanted to live but she didn't want to undergo chemo again. Instead, she tried an alternative treatment she found online. Debra passed away a few months later.
She decided to go to her grandma the next day. While there, she saw a beautiful bag that her grandmother said she could have. The new bag is much stronger and she receives man compliments.
He thought why this might happen. His mom always told him to look to the sides of the bright sun. If he had done that, he could still enjoy the light while staying safe.
Peter was very intimidated. He walked up the grand steps and was in awe. It was the most beautiful place he'd ever seen!
All of her friends loved Cabot's new hair. She started a business selling hair products. She made $200 in the first week of school.
Nelson read about diet and exercise too and made a lot of eating changes. Nelson stopped eating milk, rice, pasta and white breads. Nelson is proud to have lost 38 pounds and is still losing.
Evan was so proud of his new house. He showed it off on the internet. Evan knew he looked cool in the new house.
She endeavored to ask her neighbors for their beef and chicken. She made excellent pies with them. And to thank her neighbors she gave them one pie each.
She couldn't wait to take a long, hot shower in it! When the contractors were done, that was the first thing she did! She was thrilled with her choice.
It was very fun. They caught a large sea bass. Then they ate it.
She started avoiding his calls and he called her day after day without any result. He finally understood one day that the woman didn't care. Julian finally got over it and went on with his life.
They liked to eat sugary treats and ride rides. Then they would look at the exhibits. The fair was a fun tradition for them.
When she was cooking it came out terrific. Her boyfriend decided not to help her. Dinner came out terrific and they both enjoyed the night.
Ken stepped on a bottle and cut his foot. Ken went to the doctor. The doctor treated his foot and gave him a shot.
She tried cleaning up spilled water on her table with a regular towel. But the towel quickly became soaked and soggy. Lisa decided to trust infomercials and buy the special towel.
She dropped it in her room and pretended it was swimming around. She smiled as it appeared to be cute and furry. Anna was glad she could give the fish a good home.
I had to increase my windshield wipers and turn on my high beams. Thankfully there was no one around when I slid around a turn. I regained control and got the rest of the way home.
After Walter grew up, he moved to another city. Walter got medication to treat his allergy, and was able to pick a very big dog from the shelter. Now Walter has 3 dogs and he is very satisfied.
She loved singing the old hymns on Sunday. The congregation loved her singing. They looked forward to listening to her each week.
The friend was not in the right mind. Suddenly she peed all over the floor. The friend was forced to leave.
The kid controlled the truck all over the hills and bumps. They laughed as they drove it around the yard. The remote control truck was a great new toy!
He snuck up to it and snatched it. He took off running just as the dog inside spotted him. He scampered over the fence with his new bird.
He came back on a cooler day, and watched the lemurs for an hour. They were so funny! Rob decided he would like to be a zookeeper so he could work with them.
A cat darted in front of me as I pulled into my work, I slammed on my breaks and was hit from behind. My car was completely totaled. I ended up buying a new car because of the incident.
Sometimes he rewards them when they do what he wants. His younger brothers trust him completely. He appreciates them sincerely.
But he played the music way too loud. He couldn't understand that we had neighbors. So I bought two pairs of headphones so we both could enjoy our music.
Her dog had given birth to puppies. She rushed home to see them. By the end of the day she was completely happy.
She didn't care for anyone and was conniving to no end. One day she hatched a plan that would net her millions in fraud money. She was caught before and the police sentenced her to 40 years.
He made his way to the second floor. The life size dolls and mirrors in the hallway were creepy. Matt kept exploring all night.
Unfortunately, Henry was diagnosed with Leukemia. He came back to school after a few months. However, several people admired him and congratulated him.
She corrected her recipe, then cooked it one day and fed it to a large group. They all raved about how great it was! Lindsey handed out the recipe as they left.
Everyone talked about how disappointing it was. He would have been famous for that one throw. No one could remember what else he had done.
They didn't have it there. So he searched in all the stores. But in the end, no one had it.
We used to study together after school in the library. We eat together during the weekends. We go to park after studying.
It wasn't long before the alarm went off again. Annoyed, Gabriel turned the phone off and threw it and broke it. He ended up sleeping in until noon that next day.
Seth told him off anyway and went to start his own company. No one liked his drawings though. Seth went back and begged for his job back.
I tried looking in the viewer. I couldn't make out individual stars. It is crazy how shattered the telescope is.
She decided to play with the bird. The bird bit her however. She then developed a disease.
However, she didn't keep the money. Jeff couldn't attend college since he had no money. What's great is that our mom was very sympathetic about it and gave the money back.
She tried using her umbrella for shade but it was broken. Georgia ran home in the heat. She and her broken umbrella were soaked from sweat.
When she arrived all the members were very extraverted. She was more introverted and she felt out of place. But as they all loved singing in didn't matter in the end.
But they grew to enjoy the lion, and on their next visit they ran to see him when they arrived at the zoo. The lion was gone! The zookeeper told them he was ill.
Mary had been waving at a group of kids. Not paying close enough attention to things around her. She didn't get out the way.
It wouldn't repeat anything you said to it. Harrison tried to teach it a bunch of funny phrases. The parrot wasn't very entertaining and smart.
Annie had practiced timing herself eating ten hot dogs in fifteen minutes. It took a lot of mistrials before she got it right. Annie won the contest.
She was disappointed in the store line. It was a terrible movie! Courtney switched to a different movie.
Since there was no harm done, my parents weren't concerned. They also didn't believe I should be scared. I felt hopeless and decided to give up.
Suddenly, he bounced toward the window. The window broke. He had gone completely through it!
Another player threw him against the wall and he fell. Jim hurt his shoulder and ankle. Jim decided that hockey wasn't for him and quit.
All the little girls put on their paintball gear. They sipped sports drinks and had snacks in between rounds. It was a very fun party!
It was supposed to manage tangles better. Ron really liked it. He started straightening his crazy hair to be smooth.
She took some time off in the woods to have some privacy. But they found her and made her come back to the house. Eventually Jen came back and was as quiet as she could be.
Without intending to, he drifted off to sleep. He woke up with a wet sensation on his body. It was the last time he fell asleep in the rain.
Ted never had time for breakfast before. He kept a granola bar in his desk incase he got hungry again. He was much less hungry in between breakfast and lunch.
His car is stuck on the road. He gets out to see how far traffic is backed up. His car is in a traffic jam for hours so he calls for help.
He bolted the beams together. His kids were so excited when they saw it coming together. They couldn't wait to play in the castle!
She found a pun related to genetics. She was ultimately able to come up with one. Her friend went with a generic title and she felt uneasy about it.
He poured him a small cup. Billy chugged it down, then asked for more. He understood why his dad could drink so much of the stuff!
Before he could leave, Chuck noticed something in the customer's coat. He stopped him before he left the store. The customer emptied his coat and deposited many phones.
The horse ate all the grass and then scared the chickens. The farmer was beginning to doubt this plan. Then his children fell in love with the giant creature.
The go karts finally got fixed, and when the race started, they all pushed down on the gas pedals. They zoomed around the track. They all had a great time!
Within a few years, the plants were tall and strong. They had some privacy now. The plants had been a great addition to the farm!
It had belonged to her mother. The lady put them on a case display in the house. Just having them made her feel close to her mom.
Bennie spends two hours a day playing drums. Since he's teaching himself, he learns about drum playing a little slowly. Bennie is now a drummer in the school band.
Dave picked his buddy Max to take his place. Max went sky diving. Max had a great time in Bali.
She was very fast to progress to walking. After a little therapy, Ann just started walking 90 steps at a time. My neighbor was excited and told us the news.
He saw her after school and asked where she'd been. She told him that she had slipped on the ice. Her pant leg was ripped so she stayed home.
He tries to dance with a pretty woman. The woman says no. Kevin gets rejected and goes home.
The usher saw the boys at the door. He asked to see their tickets. The boys were let into the theater.
Chris spent three weeks on crutches. He was scared to get back on the court. But after Chris played basketball again he won the game for his team.
He asked Ma to get on one of the horses. He picked up the reigns. Then Billy and Ma went on a trail ride!
The trail took them through their back yard. Suddenly they heard a noise in the brush and jumped out of their skin! Luckily it was just a deer and nothing dangerous!
She was terrified, thinking her new diet wasn't working. Then she realized she had grabbed size 10s by accident. She felt very pleased.
Jerry climbed into Mom's lap. He immediately began snuggling. He loves getting to snuggle with Mom.
The other night I wasn't thinking and rode my bike with shorts. My wallet fell out somewhere on the ride. It was returned a few days later with all the money gone.
It wasn't a good idea. He tripped on the rug and broke his ankle. Landon decided to stick with the stunts that he knows.
Jerry had to make them wait in the parking lot without the tickets. Jerry finally arrived. They got to their seats right at the first pitch.
He never told me about it. I thought it ran away. He said its mother came by and took it back home.
At first he felt discouraged because getting used to being back at work was difficult. Then after a while work became easier for Tom. After finishing his first week back he was able to start feeling normal at work again.
The friends of both Jerome and Mike set up a competition between them. Jerome turned out excelling at pickup and bested Mike by 5 phone numbers. Jerome and Mike despite the differences agreed they were both great friends.
When I had kids we lived by a pond. I bought a fishing net and helped my son catch a fish. It made me happy to finally catch a fish.
Jenny noticed the coupon looked strange. It was actually a coupon to the arcade! Jenny told the customer who gave Jenny an actual coupon.
She became engrossed in the pizza. And she forgot all about her hunger. But Kim had no choice but to finish the large pizza.
She heard a loud thump coming from the garage. She ran to the garage to see what was going on. A thief had broken in and stole her bike.
Arthur even went back to school to write more entries. Arthur could not sleep and he tried to remember the details. The next day, he he was relieved.
I told my wife Google Maps has a smartphone app. She used it to get to Stoughton by driving on the highway. My sister-in-law was very relieved.
He drove until he got to his favorite fishing hole! He watched the fish all day. Josh went home with no fish and had pizza for dinner!
She started to feel a bit homesick. She put on the socks and felt better. They were very comforting to her.
Her students were not doing very well. Most of them were failing. Susie knew she would need to re-teach the material.
She started feeling sick very quickly. Her stomach then started hurting too and the burrito didn't want to be in her belly anymore. She ran to the bathroom just in time.
He ordered it online and waited for it to ship. And after receiving it, it was a great deal. Travis decided to buy more products online.
When he came back the next day, but forgot the note he took. Barry was confused, and his brain hadn't been working properly. Barry flew back home to US, realizing he was a lousy spy.
She got a bloody nose. She went to the doctor's office. Fortunately she was okay.
But my sister and I did practice with her for weeks until we worked together perfectly. When the big day came, my sister stepped in for me and they did their best. The audience loved them.
She cried and told Kathryn to get help. Kathryn biked to her mother's house and explained the situation. It wasn't long before Juanita was bandaged up and brought home.
But then he went out with it one night to see the stars. It was incredibly beautiful - Joe was fascinated! After that, his telescope became one of his favorite possessions!
But it ran under the bushes and would not come out. I pulled the branches out of the bushes to get him. He was not hurt so I he hopped away.
Unfortunately there was a long walk. We had to walk on wood chips. By the time we got there our feet were in pain and we were soaked.
I recognized the dog as a service animal. Another neighbor said out the dog was cute. I said the neighbor was being friendly.
Susie knew to never go on the broken sidewalk. Susie saw that it was dangerous. She feared she would fall and hurt herself.
Carla went on to season the food with other spices. Lots of other spices went into the food. Carla was happy to have salvaged the food and ate it all up.
Rocky lost his job as well. Rocky went to court with his ex wife. The judge awarded Rocky's house to his ex wife even though he was the only one spending time with their daughter in the hospital.
Matt relied on his memory and it told him where to turn. Matt's car ended up in a ditch. His uncle found him and helped him out.
When she offered to buy me some, I took her up on her offer and lit up. I never coughed so hard as after that first drag. I did not want to try cigarettes any more after that.
It was full of chocolate and marshmallows. The fellow campers all loved the dessert. They decided Mike would cook every time they went camping.
I said that it was because he wandered off with my shorts. He gave me back my shorts. But we did not shop any more that day.
He said sorry to his parents many many times. After agreeing to cry some he felt better with himself. When he finally was able to get a job he was happy again.
He waited until the bell and then lingered near the doorway. His teacher handed him the paper test. Ollie started to take the test.
The boss has threatened to fire Tara for not filling them out correctly. She begins to worry about her job. Tara now comes in enthusiastic about completing her assignments and doing them properly.
I made several different juices. The kids were so excited to try them. I did a good job.
She decided it was time to change her life. She decided to move to a new city and remain with the company. There she found a better job in the same company that satisfied her needs.
Together they went to the mall. The first store they tried on many different clothes. Karen bought many clothes and was happy with them.
Betting had been really rough for him. The game was today. Bill's team managed to win.
Samantha was required to feed the puppy and clean up after it each day. She was very responsible and took great care of the puppy. Samantha's Mom and Dad were very proud of her.
Sadie insisted that she hadn't have a spare. Rebecca checked her bag and confirmed that the pen wasn't there. Sadie decided she would never talk to Rebecca again.
She couldn't see anything through the grass so she played with her mouse. She batted the toy mouse underneath the grass. I tossed the mouse so she could continue to play.
Today the judge was reading his decision. Bob waited nervously for the verdict. The judge announced that Bob was guilty of all charges.
He created a new one for the new season. He thought it brought him good luck. Kevin's team won it's first game!
Tracy's prayers were answered. But then Tracy told Douglas to come over right away. When Doug got to Tracy's house he found a note that said "I miss you and I want you back".
Her first day at the job had been very interesting. She always worked so hard that she went home sore. She realized she was cut out for it and asked for a full-time position the next day.
One day the decided to try doing something new and got into climbing. He enjoyed it so much that he did it more. In his third climb, Rob won the state championship for his age group.
However, he did the unthinkable. He took steroids. As a result, he was banned from competing.
When Caleb tried to crack eggs, he crushed them instead. Eggs would splatter everywhere. He would spend the next 10 minutes cleaning up.
He was happy to still have a radio. Later on, someone turned in his radio to the lost and found. Now, James was able to listen to the game on two of his radios.
Rory wasn't able to return to his house because of the lightning. Rory and his co-workers spent the night in the safety of the store. He was able to get to his home the next day.
She had the procedure done by a plastic surgeon. We sent her get well flowers. She emailed a thank you note.
This was for a job that I have wanted for so long. I went over my answers all night long. I would have done well, if I hadn't fainted.
When it came time for mother's day I completely slept through everything! My mom was very upset but I showed her that I had stuff planned. She was understanding and wasn't mad anymore!
Each team gave their all. The red team missed on their last goal. The spectators clapped and cheered.
What if her friends loved the color and copied her? But she needn't have been concerned. Her friends all raved about the canary hue but said it wasn't for them!
Adam decided it was time to put a ring on it and make it official. He had a beautiful wedding. He is now an honest man and can spend his time with his family.
She tried her hardest. She didn't win a silver medal! Giselle was very sad but dreamed of trying again for a gold.
John started scavenging to look for his microphone anywhere! John found the microphone in the last place he looked. It was safe in his microphone case!
They would drink until they couldn't drink anymore. When they finished, they always took a cab home. It was their favorite weekly tradition.
She tried to ignore it, but one day he went too far, grabbing her. She was angry and embarrassed in front of her coworkers. Demanding to be left alone, that's when Lea finally quit her job.
He would practice at school. He hosted dinners for his friends. He won a cook-off at school.
He wandered for a bit and ended up even got to his destination. He decide to ask a stranger for help back. The stranger pointed Tom to the right bus and Tom got Home.
His mom took him to the store to get the shoes. When they got back from the store, his mom helped him make his bed. Christian brought no cake to school and got in trouble.
Two young boys were walking one way, a girl another. They were staring at their phones, oblivious. The three ran into each other and one started bleeding.
She cleaned the entire house. Once the house was clean he set up the party. He and his friends had a great time.
Max was in his yard when he heard someone break his window. He soon discovered that someone had stolen his laptop. The police were relieved to catch the robber.
She liked seeing everything come together. WHen a room was finished, she would take a step back and admire it. Then she would move on to the next room.
The kitten was so small and furry! Kevin couldn't stop snuggling him. Kevin was so happy he had adopted the creature.
Tommy would always make nice comments about her lessons. One day Misses Dash sent Tommy to the principal's office. Tommy's compliments continued when he returned.
I got there at six in the morning but the line was already long. Finally, near opening time, workers started passing out free samples. I didn't get the $100 but I got lots of samples.
I couldn't wait to be in the warm. But when I went inside the heating was not working. I went and took a hot shower to feel better.
Everyone feels their presence and its weight, they think they're alone. The truth is we are not alone, we choose to feel these burdens alone. For everything that I look myself in the mirror and confess, I forgive myself for and move on.
The store recently shut down and the windows were boarded up. Today a construction crew came to demolish the building. A park will be built in its place.
Peter's baby missed it. One day, he cried so hard, some snot came out. Peter's baby really missed the old cat.
I didn't have to resort to guessing. And now I will feel happy when I get my test results back. I learned that I should study hard all the time.
My friends said they would beat me. My team ended up winning 67-0. I was just happy that I had fun with my friends.
On the third day of his trip the volcano erupted. Clyde watched the lava flow destroy the hotel. They evacuated everybody and Clyde was safe with a good story to tell.
But he decided to buy the most expensive one he could find. And after a few weeks, he lost interest in tennis Greg regrets not buying cheaper tennis balls.
The line was often down the block. John wanted to try the taco for the first time. But he saw the line and decided to go home instead.
But first, the scarecrow near the house started to move. It eventually started to run towards Hannah. She ran as fast as she can away from the house.
It could fit both their cars in it. They could also store all their possessions in it. The couple couldn't wait to move in!
No position seemed to be comfortable. Finally, Shane tried cleaning his house and counting backwards. Before he realized it, he was fast asleep on the couch.
I called around a few places close by. It's really expensive to send her. I think I may try in a couple of months.
Neither one would budge about the room number. After a lot of discussion, the wife got her way. She went to the dealership to buy a new two-bedroom house!
I had to jump in and get the kid out. Good thing I liked to go to the deep end of the pool. It was a wave pool.
When their friend got home, they all jumped out and yelled, thinking he was a burglar. Their friend was so surprised! It was a great day when they teamed up to apprehend the burglars.
Josh decided to keep his dog inside the house. The dog stayed inside the house until the water receded. When the yard was dry, Josh brought the dog back outside.
Understandably, they haven't had much competition in a while. The home game recently was quite amusing to see. The other team had no hope of winning!
The whole thing had stopped. James had to wait for only a minute for it to be fixed. He went back to that car wash again.
Jace went to the doctor. The doctor fixed the problem with his stomach. Jace was able to eat ice cream without pain again.
However he was still in debt to the company for quite a large sum. He had to sell the house for a pittance to cover the past due bill. The entire experience made him re-think ever renting property again.
Since no one else was home, Harold had to eat the entire order of food. Harold could only eat half the chinese food so he put the rest in the fridge. Harold ate the rest of the chinese food the next day.
Eliza realized she didn't have any support. She had no reason to stay, so she bought a ticket to China. There she prepared to tour the country.
We assumed her father was dead. Recently, she said her father had left her mom for a younger woman. We were shocked and saddened.
The ride home after the tour was smooth and fast. When they arrived, they were glad they didn't have to find parking at the resort. Traveling by train was very convenient!
But after noticing some plaques they read each one and learned a lot. It was a great way to experience history! They went home and talked about the interesting things they learned.
She didn't know who it could be from. There was no signature. Jasmine was very perplexed!
He spilled a bit of food on his clothes. Sal couldn't get the food off of his clothes. He brought the clothing to the cleaners the next day.
Cleo was surprised that cheese was essentially a mold. Cleo could not stomach eating cheese. He stated to eat cheese again.
Marshall was happy for years. His friend, Ted, helped motivate him to go do dance classes with his wife. Marshall reluctantly did so and had a pretty great time.
His girlfriend went through his phone later that night when he was in the other room. She threw water in his face as he returned. Skip was dumped for cheating on his girlfriend.
He then saw ants, so Richard grabbed a nearby can of bug spray. He proceeded to spray the entire area with it. The ants died.
I made a time for him to look at it tomorrow. I hope it is not too expensive. I cannot afford it.
He slowly started letting dogs get closer to him. He was afraid at first but got used to them over time. With his fear conquered Ray got his own dog!
He said I was being over cautious. I decided to walk home on my own. He got pulled over.
As fall faded away, they got rid of the firepit. They thought it was going to be a great addition to the back yard. They couldn't wait till spring to get a new one!
Everyone thought it was delicious. Mr. Bosher was proud of his lobster. Everyone had fun.
One of the cats seemed to have asthma. One day we went to see him. He was not there.
When she was finished, she gave it to her mother. It was beautiful! Her mother looked at it and put it on a counter.
They spent all day climbing the trees. They they ate a picnic lunch. It had been a great day exploring new places.
Laura was very sad over missing her puppy, Callie. So sad that she cried one night! The next day Laura decided to bring Callie to work and she was happy.
He drove around in his funny car and sold yummy treats. All the kids bought hot dogs. They loved buying treats from their favorite hot dog man!
There always seemed to be a plate of them! So I ate more! Now I'm sick to my stomach.
She never complained about how tired she was. Mike was impressed by Shannon. Mike bought Shannon flowers.
We found out that her boyfriend just recently broke up with her. All of us were very sad for her. After a few more weeks Rachel got over it a bit and wasn't as upset.
John headed to the mall. He purchased a new pair of headphones. John was happy with his purchase!
John practices day and night for the race. He finally races his friend. He beats his friend by a few minutes.
They went to the airport and waited patiently until it was time for takeoff. The tarmac shook as the plane took off. It was an amazing sight.
She went through the items earlier and took two ceramic containers. She gave me a cigar box. We were pleased with our finds.
She wasn't the best at crafts but she decided to give making a DIY one a try. Soon, she had produced her own toy chest. She was so proud of her work that she planned to pursue more projects.
He searches through the trash. He finds a few more dollars. Tom buys himself lunch and gets back to cleaning afterwards.
Anita wanted to sleep so the actor suggested she leave. Her car slipped on the icy road so she stopped driving. She stood on her car's hood and took a picture of the landscape.
She didn't give up though and she began to reward him with mints. Ki's horse loved mints! Soon she was able to train him to do a dozen tricks - for mints!
She wrote about her daily life. She also posted pictures of the clothes she bought. Anne's hacker continued to ruin her blog.
Chad would pick peaches off the tree, then throw them into the street. Mr. Smith's wife caught him doing this, and yelled at old Chad. Mister Smith felt sorry for him, and baked a peach pie for Chad.
Max deleted some other games from his phone. Max tried to download another game. This game finally downloaded.
Pete cooked several new burgers for the lunch crowd. A couple of the burgers got sent back to the kitchen. Pete realized the new meat was also bad and bought fresh beef.
Today I had to babysit with her sister. I had a simple breakfast of oatmeal and coffee. Today felt like Monday.
One of them fell asleep on the table and drooled on it. I saw this at the table and I laughed too loudly. All the kids and the volunteer coordinator heard what I did.
Learning to cast was fun as well. She put on her waders and set out into the river. Catching her first rainbow trout was a huge thrill.
His mom and dad had to work . After work, she took him to the park. It was a long, exhausting day.
I mentioned that females need to let their actions speak. She automatically assumed that I think females talk to much. Before I can explain what I said, she left.
His hands had cramped up. Mavis was very sad because typing was his life. He went to the store and bought voice recognition software.
Then he heard a loud noise behind him. His bunkmate had passed gas. Because they were outdoors, the smell didn't linger.
One time, the customer did not like the food. So he threw it to the ground. The customer was promptly ejected for this behavior.
He worked for hours and finally fixed the problem. He cleaned up his driveway and went inside. He loved having a place to work on these things at home.
His tire ran over something sharp and went flat. Another biker passed by and offered to help patch the tire. Justin thanked the biker and exchanged phone numbers with him.
Her family was going to the funeral. At the funeral they found out something that helped. Sandy's family was inheriting her sister's business.
He approached the glass to the lion exhibit instead and tapped it. The lion walked toward him awkwardly. And when Sean presented his hand, the lion tapped the glass.
While cooking he was criticizing his friend's cooking. While cooking for him he showed him what to do better. Eric's friend actually appreciated the criticism.
A new engine would be very costly, so Stuart was relieved his car was okay. But he decided it was a good time to start looking just in case, so he shopped around and found a good deal on a hybrid car. Once he got his new car, Stuart was very happy and relieved.
He got down the mountain with his guide. They climbed down with a little effort and got to the top. Red was happy he learned a new skill and was safe.
You have to go underground between hedges. It is like the twilight zone. This is at the Disneyland.
But she did find something. She found a huge bug. Susie screamed and ran away.
We picked tomatoes and started a tomato fight. We hid in the fields and hurled the tomatoes at each other. Our mother was unhappy to see her tomatoes splashed across our shirts and then scraped into her salad.
He also ate his parents whole pantry full of snacks and bread. He even ate the wedding cake of his brother Mer. Hamlet was depressed and alone, he ate all his friendships away.
Joe was on the bench one day. Gertie came out and petted his head. Joe let out a small woof.
She picked up a flyer on her way to her dorm. It was an invitation to a study session offered by one of her professors. She went and felt a lot better after.
She wanted to go to a restaurant with nice seafood. She narrowed it down to two. She decided to flip a coin to decide!
Heather is glad because she can keep food inside safely, they eat whatever is on sight. Her sons are always hungry. Heather is happy she is saving a lot of money on food.
They went to the Doctor who suggested birth control so they didn't have another accident. They didn't want to waste time and started the birth control immediately. It didn't work, three months later they discovered they were pregnant again, with twins.
He put all the important files in them. He color coded it, too. Patrick was very organized to start the school year!
The slippers warned his feet up. But then his feet were too hot! He decided to switch to thin socks instead.
He was told he needed another activity to help reduce his stress. So he tried learning how to cook various types of food. But Rick couldn't help over indulging in them.
With coverage, Perry was able to get his car repaired. While his car was in the car shop, Perry was compelled to ride his bicycyle to work. Eventually Perry lost weight and was healthier because of his week of cycling.
He used to like to jump in and yell cannonball. He had a wonderful time. Toby left and went back home, being depressed that there was no more swimming fun.
One Tuesday she finally opened the bundle. It was full of homework! She gave everyone in the class some of her homework.
Taking a chance, she ordered a tourmaline at an unbelievable discount from the new, unknown vendor. What arrived was fake, ceramic painted like a crystal specimen. Lee learned the hard way that what's too cheap to be true is a scam.
There are no kids who are bullying him. At his last school he had a lot of friends. I hope it works out for him.
I said that ditch wasn't there last time. They had run the ditch before. They had thought the same thing.
Hopkins clarified that he had been misunderstood. Shelley laughed about the misunderstanding. The two avoided the argument and had a pleasant evening together.
I spent the whole time preparing. I checked to see when our time was to speak. I wasn't even on the schedule.
He is going to go on a train for his birthday! The train has a engine at the beginning, and caboose at the end. He has fun riding the train.
They saw a ghost inside the house. The teens jumped. The teens ran out of the house in fear.
Amy smiled, and gave him a big hug. Al felt great she liked the roses. On their second date, Al brought Amy more roses.
Nazareth tried to gather his sheep, but they ran. He thought he saw a wolf approaching in the distance. Then he realized it was just his dog Rufus.
He decided that he wanted to learn to write. It wasn't easy at first. After many months of practice, however, his skills improved.
The all met downtown and went to the first bar. People commented on how funny their necklaces were. The friends had a great night.
One day the weather was especially windy. A large gust of wind blew Bernie's hat off his head. He spent the next few minutes chasing after the tumbling hat.
We no longer have to search for dim sum restaurants in our area. We have one right next door! They make all the dim sum dishes we like.
I was leaving it in my room. I went up the stairs to get it. Someone had taken it.
Lisa started his website and listings online. Many people bought from Lisa's shop. Lisa began to sell regularly online.
She pet it again. The dog wouldn't budge. Jen pet the dog again before she left.
But nothing seemed to work. She had to just wait them out. It took a full hour for Anna's hiccups to trail off.
The champ was good at dodging hits. Hugo had tried very hard to beat him. He got a solid punch and a knockout in before he lost.
He parents promised he could have his party anywhere. Nelly saw on television an advertisement for a space museum. He convinced his parents to take him to the space museum for his birthday.
It was beautiful with an wooden floor. Erica couldn't wait to put the finishing touches on it. It was going to be a beautiful room!
Shelley was helping her husband Joe. Joe bought a cube fridge for his office and needed to install it. Shelley couldn't do it all by herself.
The kids paid close attention. When the assembly was over, they went home. They all asked their parents about their tornado safety plan.
He found a bunch of little snails in the dirt. Matt plucked them out of the yard. He put them in a pond down the street.
Luise ran after the store manager. The man was about to turn the corner. Luise hit him with the hammer and he fell.
It didn't leave him a lot of food to eat that would provide proteins. In the end, he had to give it up for health reasons. He went back to eating meat and regained his strength right away.
She went to her primary doctor, and learned she had worsening arthritis. After her surgery, Marjorie's arthritis quickly recovered. Marjorie was very pleased that she could start quilting again.
Trey's son fell from the swingset. The boy busted his lip open. Trey brought his son home to tend to his lip.
One day after performing, I saw a street market. I was so engrossed in the market, I got lost. I had to walk many extra blocks to get back to my hotel!
I laid down and closed my eyes and rode the trip out. I thought about ways to live my life better. They wore off and gave me a new outlook on life.
The team found lots of trash. They picked it up. They all had a fun time without her.
She asked her boss if she can work late to make up for it. She was called to the manager's office when she got there. After a few minutes of taking, Nancy got approval to work late.
Suddenly the power cut out and the air conditioning shut off! The mall got so hot the whole family had to go to a friend's house. Luckily when they returned the power was on and it was cool again.
Patsy wanted a little brother but this wasnt on her parent plans she got really mad at them. Things were tense and they had to talk to Patsy about their choice. They both opened up and told her the truth.
But Gloria still got sicker and sicker. Eventually, Gloria had to amputate two toes. Gloria realized she needed to take care of herself even better.
Someone swam up beside her and asked to borrow her boat. Wilma was very polite, but said no. The person swam through the crocodile infested water with fear.
She bought her own skates and went outside. She fell and hurt her knee, but her mother quickly found her. Lucy's mother taught her how to do it properly and Lucy loved it.
Sometimes, he would ask if they would pose. Most of the times, they were candid photos. Ansel loved photography, but he crossed the line.
Then her sister B called. B wanted to know if they could visit her 2 year old grandson instead. My wife postponed her shopping for the day.
She put on a life vest and hopped on. She rowed across the water. The wind whipped through her hair and she smiled.
Everyone started singing. The songs were getting everyone really excited! The party was a success!
Their friend helped them talk about things more calmly. They were feeling more optimistic about their relationship. They had the tools to work through their troubles.
He experienced difficulty trying to sign Korean. Instead of crying, he tried not to give up. Eventually, Ben started to learn alot.
They put each piece together sloppily. It came together quickly. Soon, the bookshelf was broken!
She worked very hard to create a great dinner. All of the people in her family loved the food. She became well known as a cook.
His first business stop was The Netherlands. He fell in love with the culture. Gregory decided he would spend his entire business trip there.
Cal waited for days and days. Soon, his parents surprised him with their healthy old dog. Cal cherished his old dog but would never forget him.
Then she learned about cheaper homes. She looked into them and decided she thought a smaller mortgage was more affordable. Soon, she had her own small home purchased.
Several of her neighbors complained to the HOA. Tina got a letter from the HOA. She was in trouble for breaking one of the rules.
On the way to the doctor, we traveled through lots of construction. The roads were horrible, but I realized something else was wrong. When I stopped, I realized my tire was completely flat!
Her youngest threw a fit and said he didn't want to take it. Instead, she let him get the lunch at school. He was happy to get what he usually had.
He finally found one foot and pulled it in. The romper was furry and warm. The baby was happy to have a romper on when it started snowing.
She was playing with it one day and then the next it disappeared. Miranda was sad that her troll was missing. t just wasn't as fun without the troll.
There wasn't any other seats near. We ate at a fancy restaurant. My track team had decided to go out.
She had to struggle to get him to stand still from his excitement. She finally got him clean. He smelled much better!
She picked it up and put it in her pocket. It was her lucky day! Renee decided to do her homework with it.
One day at school, a cat came up to him and played with him. Joe had a lot of fun with the cat. Now, Joe still loves cats.
He did it because he didn't feel like making anything. It was still hot and fresh by the time he made it home. The pizza was amazing.
His state had a judo competition and he decided to participate in it. There were 20 contestants and he had to compete against all of them. Conner beat all 20, though he was out of practice, and won first place.
When she finally woke up again, she looked at her watch and realized that she missed her bus. Tammy ran out the front door and decided to walk to work. She made it to work with just enough time to spare.
He wanted to make a good impression. On opening night, he forgot his lines! Zach was so frustrated with himself!
Kevin returned to the shore. He grabbed another rod and finished fishing from the shore. Kevin repaired his old rod later.
Carrie was allergic to dogs, though. Her father dressed up as a dog for Carrie birthday. She played along with her father happily during the party.
The beach was too crowded for them to have a good time. They found lots of other beaches in the area. They took a lot of pictures at the more secluded beach.
He decided to double down and hire a singing coach. Eventually, he was recognized by a talent scout. Loris finally got a chance to perform on stage.
His wife made herself a plate, but when she bit into the chicken, she had a disgusted look. When she spit her chicken out, Henry can see the wrong pieces. He immediately apologized.
I asked his mom where it came from. She said he fell got it from the ice cream man. I said it was all part of growing up.
He knew he needed to save money and put everything in savings. But one day, a creditor called him. And he spent all of his money on his bills.
As Joey walked into the exhibit, his mother waited outside. Joey's mother had an intense fear of gorillas. Joey was glad that she let him see the gorillas.
She walked up the steps, reassuring herself. She introduced herself to the test administrators. She sat down and got to work!
On Christmas morning Ben told his son he wanted him to be his crew back at home base. Ben's son jumped up and down with excitement. Ben was very happy to see his son so excited to help out with his solo trip.
They read a scary book instead. That night Jane had a nightmare about the book. She decided not to read that one again anytime soon!
So he watched from the sidelines. He then attacked a girl nearby. So he got kicked out of the arena.
They had added many new items to the menu, and it all looked excellent! They tried things they had never had before. It was a great experience.
They gave him two hundred thousand dollars for it. The guy was disappointed in himself. He swore he would have gotten more for it if it held it a little bit longer and sold it later in the future.
The kids loved the silly-looking flowers. They cried out when it was over. It was a great trip!
She was quite bored. But when she got there she lost her bracelet. Someone nice though helped her find it.
He tried watching a drama show on Netflix. Halfway through the first episode he got too bored Jeff will just stick to horror shows from now on.
Vince offers to buy the gym and the owner says yes. Vince went to school to learn about exercise and after awhile he got his certificate and became a personal trainer. Vince now owns his own gym and loves the work he does.
But then her brother taught her about turtles. Nina decided to leave the turtle in the pond. She didn't want to be a cruel captor!
One day Leila chased him from the backyard to the front yard. She ran after him down the street and inside his house. She stopped and set next to his grandfather in their living room.
The woman got him excited about living! Kevin decided to start his own business and take control of his future. Within the year, he was more successful than he had ever been.
The racers were running around the corner. The leader tripped on the injured athlete. He fell and lost the race!
He used it at the next funeral he did. The family really loved the sleek new coffin. Floyd knew it had been a wise purchase.
While Ryan was ordering he noticed a man in a mask. The man in the mask came up to Ryan and robbed him. Ryan ran away from his hotel and called the police.
Ellie decided that she should give up taking dance. She wanted to quit. Her mom made her keep practicing and home with YouTube sessions.
They found him but the puppy now had Giardia infection from dirty drinking water. Jo contacted an animal welfare agency that investigated the original store. She learned that the store sold dogs bred at filthy puppy mills.
But when he brought his date home, he met her 8-year-old son. Later in the evening, her 23-year-old son walked into the house. Jamal decided to ask her why she lied about not having kids.
Serena was completely insulted that her mom didn't trust her to do her laundry herself. She told her mom that her feelings were hurt. Luckily, she calmed down and her mom decided to let her do her own laundry.
He contacted his family members one by one. He told them how much he loved them and how sorry he was. He felt better after that and found his meaning faster than expected. Through Religion.
She could only find guides to make a tiger costume. Tricia bought the guide and made some changes to it. The costume was made to look like a cat.
His owner noticed. The owner let the dog out. The dog immediately went to the bathroom.
The IRS audited her. The IRS found out she had all her ducks in a row. Now Susie's in good standing.
Charles thinks about another girl day and night. She sends him flowers all the time and can't wait to see him. Charles bought an engagement ring for the other girl today.
Jane went on a math website to show her tips on how to learn. Lori thanked her and promised to help tutor Jane in  English. Lori's tutor helped her to pass her final math exam.
He loved it so much. George snuggled into his coat. He roamed around the park and never felt cold.
Deana knew they were kidding! She woke up early and ran down the stairs and saw a bike! It was a new bike and she rode it all the time after that.
They secretly split up into two teams. They then decided to play paintball wars. Everyone got in trouble and was covered in paint.
But it was just getting too hot, the ice cream melted. So she had to leave. She went home to watch it on television instead.
I had to wait a full day so I got a hotel room. On my way to the bus depot the next day I told my mom what I was doing. She wished me good luck and I got on my bus!
Every year I go back there to visit and see how they have grown. Now he is joined by a beautiful adopted little sister. I am very excited to be going to visit them on my yearly trip.
He liked going into work every day. The showroom was like home to him. He loved making it run smoothly.
He was upset about that so he talked to his parents. They weren't sure either so he started asking friends. A few of his friends were skeptical as to why he never got any offers.
Joel had a beard but they still looked a lot a like. Despite the time apart, they hit it off very fast. And they swore they'd never get out of touch again.
At first it seemed the heat and humidity would stop them. But they pushed through to the summit. Anna and her dad scaled Mount Fuji together triumphantly!
He didn't want his kale to be bad like last time. His kale tasted delicious. We felt great afterwards.
Dave went behind the stage. Dave started throwing up. The entire crowd found him sad!
When I got went outside the birds swarmed me for the free food. They were very greedy and would eat as fast as I could feed them. After I fed them all the bread I went inside.
I accidently sat in a puddle. There was water on my knee. It took hours for it to dry!
She was excited for her new job. She worked with many great people. She really liked her new job.
During the test, he was forced to use a pencil on many questions. Then, the day of the results came. He had done a great job.
Thomas' social life improved as the year wore on. He began spending a lot of time hanging out and almost none studying. Thomas scored just below passing on the exam.
I thought that sounded interesting so I called asking how to apply for it. The hiring manager answered and we went over the job assignment. I get to do my first assignment tomorrow.
Jude knew that this girl really liked music. Jude took a sad song, and made it better. The girl loved the new song, and they started dating.
Carter's mom popped his balloon in the process. Carter ran and cried to his mother. Carter's mother got a replacement for popping the first balloon.
What he didn't know was that Ken had inherited a small fortune. When Ken received the letter in the mail, he couldn't believe it. He was surprised at his grandfather's generous act since they hated each other.
Her colleagues gawked at her while she was eating. She let them try a few bites and they really liked it. Now she brings exotic junk food for everyone so they can sample new food.
I wanted to have an authentic Hawaiian time. Instead I did mostly inside tourist activities. I still had a great time and guiltlessly loved my experience there.
Still Jack refused to care for it. His wife had chosen this truck and named it Tilda. Tilda outlived Jack's wife and she helped him remember the good days.
Soon they were in a heated conversation about their music tastes. The duo decided they should fight in the middle of class. The winner Marcus became very popular with all Mathews friends.
Justin had never had cheesesteaks from this place. He loved the sandwich. Justin got his parents to order from the place when they had cheesesteaks.
At the next game, David was batting and the pitcher threw a curveball, which David missed. On the second pitch David hit a homerun. David's team celebrated by dumping water all over David and cheering.
Janet took a nap while her husband drove. After she woke up, Janet chugged an energy drink. Now Janet is wide awake behind the wheel.
I noticed it right away. It was completely empty. So I had to throw the carton away.
The company was able to reserve and expense Chuck the room. Chuck paid for his own room on the trip. The company later reimbursed him.
Bill did all kinds of silly things and Lisa laughed and laughed. When Bill went to put money in Lisa's hat, Lisa bit him. Bill was very cross and sued Lisa for everything she had.
She was technically an employee of the state rather than the city. When she was in a good mood, she'd just put officious-looking warning letters on windshields. It was always irritating to watch patrons crumple them up.
He played after his nap until it was time for dinner. John ate dinner and felt better. He played for a little while longer and went to bed happy.
It was taking too long. She went to the bookstore. She read it there in the stacks without paying!
She was nervous at first. But when she got on the plane she was fine. Flying, she found, was always delightful!
She had all of her friends outside afterward. It was a very special day. Her life had changed forever.
We saw snakes a foot long. They were crawling around our feet. We were unable to grab one.
One day he went to the doctors for a yearly physical. The doctor told him that cupcakes were very unhealthy. Gerald stopped eating cupcakes altogether and ate vegetables instead.
Several women seemed appealing, but I didn't like them. I received a message that I was too old and ugly for one woman. Now I feel terrible and won't return to dating.
A shark tried to attack her. She ran away. Everyone laughed.
Buying the candy the person then asked her to sign a single petition. But then she was hassled with more and more paperwork. Donna learned to avoid signing petitions and buying candy on the street.
When she went on lunch she opened her lunch bag. Her sushi was warm and smelled bad! Barb decided to run and grab a burger for lunch.
He threw the ball. But he landed on his elbow. He had to let his arm heal.
But then they gave her a chance to make a supreme pizza. To no one's surprise, Amy did very well! They were still quite impressed.
All the sudden she screamed in pain. She had jumped into the pool and scraped herself. The pool bottom was too rough for her.
Travis stopped and offered him a ride. The man  got into the car without a word. Travis then informed her she couldn't smoke in the car.
It made the white towels stay white! His wife was very happy. She didn't make him buy new towels.
Later she realized that it was the landscapers. She then felt relieved. She went out to apologize to them.
He quickly searched his desk, looking for some dental floss or gum to be more thorough. Luckily, he found a full travel dental kit in the back of his drawer. Norbert and his dentist both had a pleasant time during his visit.
One by one, he failed the tests. And he learned that he couldn't avoid studying any longer. So he decided to start studying.
He went to the game anyway. He was the top scorer. He was thrilled.
They all ate them around the campfire. The s'mores were disgusting. It was their worst camping treat!
She went to pick some on her walk with her dog. She bought a gallon of skim milk. Mary was happy that she had a nice walk with her dog to the store.
It was a busy morning, and Ray decided he needed to take a nap. He woke up to the sound of the smoke alarm. Unfortunately, his friend's pie was ruined.
Mark studied very hard in that class. At the end of the class he was confident that he would pass. Mark was happy when he got a letter telling him he had passed the class.
He could put all his t-shirts and shorts in it. His room felt more organized. Travis was happy that he had organized his closet!
Lacy practiced with a partner every day. They tried out to get the duet in the band. Lacy was chosen to do the duet in the performance.
Janice had made a great move. She was thinking about the move for the win. Janice checkmated and the won the game.
Ben tried to watch with him. He said the show was very weak. Ben and his wife tried to talk with him but he wasn't paying attention
He bought a great charger and it was done charging in just five minutes! Daniel was amazed at how fast it worked. It was a great new invention!
We picked out a pizza and started ordering. The dinner was going all right and we felt good about it. After getting the pizza out of the box we were very pleased!
She kept checking her entry. She got a call a month later. She had won a new car.
She loved not having a boss breathing down her neck. A few weeks in, though, she had gained ten pounds. Now Erica does her work from the treadmill.
She applied to one nearby her family home. Gloria was accepted. She now has a group of friends that are just girls.
She didn't want her daughter to not have a gift. Susan decided to buy her a jacket. She put the gift in her closet behind her clothes.
Before, there would come the final night before the due date. I would have to read as much of the book as possible. Then I would have to also write the entire report in that same night.
I tried waiting a few days to take him to the vet to see how he was. He seemed to be getting better more and more so I wanted to be sure. The vet diagnosed him and gave him some medication as well.
When he went on break, he was still gone after an hour, and he usually he takes a half-hour, but I thought nothing of it. An hour later and he's still not back and the store is full of customers. He ended up leaving me by myself until it was time to close.
Louise said she gets cabin fever and needs to get out. John showed up and they caught the 227 bus. I waved goodbye to them.
It was rocky and full of trees so the training period was slow. After he completed training and began climbing, near the top he almost fell off a cliff but was able to avoid it. Finally after a few hours of hiking he reached the summit.
They'd never ridden roller coaster before. They stood in line for an hour for the new ride. At the last second, they rode and didn't chicken out!
She fell asleep and sunbathed longer than she had planned. She woke up and felt very poor. She was badly sunburned!
It was a great place to relax. He got comfortable and snored. He liked having a relaxing night at home.
They had a prenup and didn't have to argue about everything. They easily found a middle ground but forgot one thing. They didn't know who would keep the dog.
Bob called work to let them know he would be back for the rest of the day. The dentist finished faster than Bob expected. Bob's teeth felt fine from then on.
The radio announcer said it wasn't a tornado! I didn't hide in my basement for hours. The sky was clear and the stars were glowing.
When he got up, there was a dent in the mattress. He had worn out the couch! He threw a blanket on it to hide it.
There were dark circles on the girl's eyes. The girl looked very tired. Donna said she was more tired than her granddaughter.
It survived in the first big storm. No pieces of it went anywhere. Bill had to repaint it though.
Every time he threw out one magazine, another would arrive. He had planned to flip through them on his commute to work. These magazines were not a good way to pass the time.
The children scurried to their bedroom door to listen to the sounds. Afraid of catching Santa in the act of eating breakfast, the children woke their older siblings. The family hurried to the tree to meet their new noisy puppy.
But he read that bananas are a natural antacid. And eating one made him feel even better. So he decided to add more bananas into his diet.
Lisa was holding the fan too close. Her hair got caught in the fan. Lisa's husband had to cut the fan out.
It was so black and blue and painful. Fran couldn't wait for it to heal. It was a painful time for her!
She decided to go home. The creepy woman followed! Amy raced home and slammed and locked the door.
She didn't add it to almost everything. One day she put it in a quiche and her family raved. It was delicious!
His liver was enlarged and he could die at any time. His son got better and is now 16. Sam is very grateful.
He told his parents about the bullies andn they talked to the principal. The principal held an assembly on bullying. Liam was not bullied again by those kids and he was happy.
People started honking at her. She finally noticed that the light had changed. Kim was a nervous wreck when she got home.
They were so cute and majestic. He waited until the keepers dropped fish in. The turtles ate the fish whole.
One day his opponent gave a reckless beating towards Remy. He was deemed too weak and of wanting to relax. He was banned from fighting and was never heard from again.
They sat down and asked the photographer about each one together. They laughed and smiled and patiently waited. They had such a good time remembering their special day and waiting.
Jim got a text message instead. His daughter scored two baskets when he was gone. Jim felt bad for missing her shots.
Afterwards, I could not remember where we parked. When I found the place I parked, I hadn't put change in the meter. I drove home disappointed that my night ended with a parking ticket.
He did not get accepted into any job and he was very sad. Frank made his own nursing care home and worked for that. Now the nursing care home is famous and Frank is a nurse.
Sure enough, her ears are starting to bother her again. So this week we will make yet another trip to the vet! The ear itching we recently got rid of has returned yet again.
So he bought them. He was glad he did not have to make the rips in them himself. His friends complimented him on his cool jeans.
Fred decided to copy their workout routines. And he felt himself getting buff and slim. Fred went back to his normal diet after his health improved.
It was their first time away from home. They were very excited! They had a lot of fun on their new adventure.
One day a man came and wanted to sell her insurance, for a fair price. She was confused as to why she needed this since she never had it. The man walked away,confused himself as to how that woman became that.
When he was placing his order, he found out they were out of stock. James then drove 200 miles to get the headphones at another store. James was very happy once he got the headphones.
He went to the parking lot and started his car. He saw lights and heard a siren. The cop told him his tail light was out.
Lucas realized he had a job interview that afternoon. He hurried quickly to the interview. Then he realized he had spilled the nail polish on his pants.
He was very relieved and got to sleep late. The teacher said the test would be in three days instead. Alex used the extra time to prepare for the test and got a passing grade!
Since she had saved up to buy a textbook, she made her sandwich. She made some for her sisters since they were starving. The total dinner bill was $5.
Jason had hit on a woman at the bar. The woman happened to be the girlfriend of the bar owner. Jason's designated driver decided it was time to go home.
He tried making several dishes but ruined them all. Matt decided to order in food and say he cooked it himself. His girlfriend was so happy and didn't notice!
She never found out her prescription had changed. So she never picked out new glasses. She could not believe how bad her headaches were.
Yesterday, the woman gave the man a nice gift. I mean, that was a really nice watch. The man was happy and began to release tears of happiness.
Or so she thought, Maggie's purse was taken as she picked out a shirt. She called and cancelled her credit cards. She will never put her purse up there ever again.
They were happy to not have to wait over an hour. It was the best ride they'd ever been on! They had a ton of fun at Disney.
She hung it on the wall for decoration. Her guests always commented on how interesting it was. Heather had an interesting style.
He didn't come forth and tell her anything that night. The next day, she found a gift on her pillow when she woke up. He had surprised her with a diamond ring!
He was the smartest in his school and could have went to a good college. Instead, he applied for a janitors job. Keith got the job and now he is a janitor.
I went very slowly up the trail. I stopped to rest at the top. When we were done my legs felt rubbery.
Immediately he changed his mind and took it back but the chair was causing him back problems. And one day, it fell apart while he was sitting in it. Joe just decided to reassemble the old chair.
What he did become interested in however was making money. He gained knowledge and certificates in the new field. After interviewing he landed a promotion as a network administrator.
His mom invited some friends from the old neighborhood to visit. They played in the park, and met some new friends, too. Now Timmy had a lot of friends to play with, and he felt much better.
Her mom decides to help her with the sandwiches. She helps her melt the cheese just right. The family loved Macy's meal.
While she waited she put a dollar in the juke box. She selected a song by INXS, then left afterwards. By the time her second date of the night showed up Alice was already gone.
One night he was wide awake and decided to finish a piece. He accidentally hammered his finger and had to go to the hospital. Luckily nothing was broken and he was back to carpentry in no time.
She made pizza instead. Her family couldn't wait to sit down to eat. They all ate huge portions of the pizza.
I left my queen in front of my king. Tom promptly captured her with a lesser piece, and won. I learned to never leave my queen in front of the king.
She drove through her first storm. She won a lot of confidence driving, too! Jessica was proud of how she drove.
He turned up the heat and made sure his windows were sealed. Carl lit up the fireplace and snuggled in in front of the TV. Carl had a relaxing and cozy day.
Denise's family got a huge settlement. Denise's husband retired and moved to the beach. Their fortune was worth her death!
Blake eventually ran out of candy. Blake stole some money. Blake was caught by the owner and apologized for his behavior.
They still watched YouTube every day after school behind her back. They watched a video about a specific mod. They rushed to download it for themselves.
He could barely look at his scorecards. When he did, he saw he won! He was having a lot of fun at the horse race!
We all learned that I had terrible vision. They said glasses would cause me to fall down a lot. After I stopped falling down the glasses might have made my life better.
The coastguard had to come and question the helmsman. The coastguard smelled alcohol and arrested him. Bill never went boating with a stranger again!
Then One's cousin offered her an extra coat. It was a warm wool, and perfectly sized! Oni felt guilty for stealing the coat now.
Neither of them were experienced with moving. They flipped a coin and Erin had to pay for it. The moving company bumped a mailbox but otherwise succeeded.
When one of the sister died, Anita still grieved deeply. With four sisters remaining it wasn't the same. And Anita has lost her joy for life.
Until he looked closer so he deicded to but some insectide. His wife ran out screaming. She told him to just pick them off himself.
On her way, he tripped and fell. It spilled gravy everywhere. The woman looked at the mess her son had to clean up.
He loved how intellectual it was. He would practice any time he could find a partner. Zach was the best scrabble player around.
Her classmates thought she was a delight. One day a classmate told the teacher about Maya's behavior. Maya was given an award.
Even the color lipstick she wore was red. Linda decided to change things up a bit. Instead of only wearing just red she now wears the color green.
The batter that Joe is facing is the team's best hitter. Joe just needed to try his best. Joe threw a fastball and the hitter swung and missed.
An hour earlier, her brain felt foggy. After grading, her teacher was shocked at how good Fern did. She allowed Fern to not retake the test.
I told her I had broken mine but didn't need help. When I got to the store, I was so confused. After calling my friend, she helped me pick the perfect one.
He knew how popular competitive eating was. So he decided to upload videos of himself eating competitively. After gaining fame, Mack felt even better about himself.
But she fell and broke her leg permanently one day. Now she is a stay at home mom. She has a great family.
A few days before the opening, his fridge died. He bought a ton of coolers, storing the food inside of them. The next day, he was able to be open on time and selling pizza.
Molly wanted to go to the nearest phone to send cash. She opened the phone to find the venmo app. Molly sent the cash to her sister.
I drove to the local music store and asked the clerk if they knew where I could find it. He showed me a website with the brand of trumpet I wanted. I bought one of them and it shipped to my home.
Evan and Alex were on the red team. They had many different sporting events at field day. Both boys slept well that night!
Then, a car crashed through a chain link fence into a yard. Luckily the car did not hit the house. We stayed so long watching the kids were a bit late.
He found it grueling and grating work. The hot weather was as bad as the vitriol from the players. Eventually he found weekend work at a museum and stopped officiating.
He was so excited to relax and spend his days however he wanted. He enjoyed all his free time he had. However he still needed the money.
He was excited to teach them to swim. They all loved swimming. They splashed and kicked all around the pool.
While driving, he tried to put his arm around her and kiss her. She smacked him and told him to knock it off. He took her home right afterwards.
She is nervous to start talking in front of everyone. She got over her nerves and introduced herself to the children. Before long she was confident and became a great teacher.
Debbie got the surgery from her doctor. It helped her a lot! Soon she could walk without a limp.
He looked around the car to find the smell He found a box of scented dryer sheets that fell out of his shopping bag the previous week. George decided he'd always keep a few dryer sheets in his car.
The hail was as severe as predicted. A huge chunk fell on Marion's car. She was trapped in her house.
It grew dirty and dirtier. Soon, she had to clean it. It really made a statement on her porch!
She went to speak to him. Keanu thought she was his mother. Keanu wasn't high on drugs.
They also thought about a daycare camp for kids. They watched several kids for the next week. At the end, they had plenty of money for clothes.
After she signed something, Lyanna gasped. Lindsey was confused by the reason. Lindsey had unknowingly cursed out Lyanna.
One day she confronted her boss and asked about the concerns. Her happiest dreams came true when she was told they were indeed saved. She immediately loved her job and became an animal advocate.
One day Larry challenged people to a potato peeling contest. They were hesitant but eventually agreed. Larry peeled three times as many potatoes as everyone else.
He made a high kick and a karate chop. He was excited about his progress. He signed up for another class to learn more.
She couldn't go outside, and she watched through the window as her friends built a fort. Her friends were shocked to see it, but threw snowballs anyways. When she's not grounded, she would make her snowballs!
The song in question was title Black Star. She got a tattoo declaring her love for the track. Later she preferred Bowie's Ziggy Stardust stuff and regretted the tattoo.
Doing the ride with someone was a good idea. There were scary dinosaurs and lights. It was at the Animal Kingdom in Disney World.
Jimmy's parents accepted the award in front of the crowd. They all clapped after they spoke. Jimmy's parents felt very honored.
Later he learned that the bookstore was selling the book for $500. After doing some research, Jack discovered he had sold a rare book. Jack vowed to do more research before selling another book.
A friend told him to quit gambling. Seth thought his luck would never come back and never again placed another bet. Seth has been living decently ever since.
He finally learned, and one day he was driving with alcohol in the back. He was kicked out of the army. They said it was because he had an open container of alcohol.
She was rushed to the hospital. My sister in law drove her. I said my sister in law should stay with her.
He could make any crowd laugh, and other comedians were jealous. He started a new national tour. It sold out quickly because everyone was so excited to see him.
When the time came to leave it started to rain heavily. The next day the fair was postponed and the Smiths were really upset. Thankfully it was only for a week and they visited again the next weekend.
I tried to sell it on Amazon. The book was so new it started crinkling as I opened it. I started reading the book away.
She wasn't sure how she would get everything done. She carefully wrote it all out on the calendar. She was determined to make it all work!
I did not want to give up my seat. I told him I wanted to look at the buildings. Our choir was in Chicago to perform and didn't want his negative attitude to affect me.
A large truck turned into the street. Larry was distracted by Ben and almost ended up colliding with the truck. He swerved and fell on a set of rocks instead.
My dog noticed the squirrel and became tense. He started to bark although the squirrel was far. I had to aggressively hold the leash to prevent him from running away.
She didn't make that mistake with her next car, and when it got stolen too, she alerted the GPS trackers of the theft. Soon police had found Kia's new car. They returned it to her and arrested the thief!
Bobby got distracted by a call from a friend. Bobby spent over an hour on the phone. He was not prepared for his test the next day.
Rob had to charge his phone for 20 minutes. Rob then called Sam. Rob joked about his faulty battery.
Jenny mother after struggling decided she would give her a pink sticker every time she potted. Soon Jenny wanted to potty all the time for a sticker. Her mother had to come up with a new good behavior gift for Jenny.
He rode passed his friend's car. He also passed by his school without notice. Dannie had to turn all the way back around.
When her check came in she packed her bags and met up with friends. They drove to the airport and were on their way to the bahamas. At the end of their trip they all felt fulfilled and ready for work.
I complained that the burger was undercooked. I still devoured it. My step dad usually did the grilling better than that.
Her plans were ruined, as she was too young. Brooke dad decided to take her backpacking for her birthday. She ended up stuck in rocky mountains for her birthday.
Steve worked hard, and the low temperature made him sweat very little. Thankfully he didn't become dehydrated or suffer a heat stroke. After finishing the job, Steve preferred not to work only indoors.
Her mother told her not to look at it. Margaret looked at it anyway. She ended up getting a weird floater in her eye.
She closed the door to the kitchen. He opened it back up. He said he did not want her to close the door.
We were using sticks as swords. It had seemed like something fun to do. We were at camp.
He went and tried to schedule another one. He messed up during it. He did not get the job.
She bought a bottle of red orange juice. I had never seen that color in an orange juice before. The drink was tart, but good.
Evan was mad that she told them his secret. He ignored Gina for several months. They became friends again once Gina apologized.
The jacket felt tight, so he looked at the tag. He realized it was his wife's jacket. They laughed together at that experience.
Tina thanked her mom as soon as she arrived. Her mom said it wasn't a problem to give her a ride. Tiny loved her mom.
The tent was small and old. The price was great, however! Sean was just happy to be traveling.
She desperately tried to find them. She found them behind a lint roller. Kendra grabbed her keys and left.
They all watched her puke! They gave her harsh looks. Tara was mortified and disgusted.
They called her a natural at sewing. From then on Anna realized something more important. She was lucky to have such supportive friends!
When he had tried to hit the carnival targets in the past, he realized the game was rigged. Tyrone had demanded that his money be refunded but the carnie refused. Tyrone had shot at the carnie and he didn't miss.
The counselor found me at school on Monday and said he wanted to introduce me to a girl. She wanted me to take her to the pep rally since we both didn't go to prom. I didn't ask her to go.
She had to get a cheap car because she hadn't even paid off her old one yet. Bette was nervous because she didn't want to get in another accident. She started driving more carefully and started to feel better.
She was careless, and the wax spilled all over her new phone. Aline cursed to herself, and threw the iphone at the wall. To her astonishment, the phone still worked.
I wish I had been quicker. I had to bend below the dock. I had gone fishing with a friend at a pond.
Tina started to feel sick. I felt badly for her. She ended up going home.
They chose a large and rowdy cat, who had been rescued. His parents wanted him trained, but the cat wasn't good with tricks. Nick didn't care at all, and was already in love with his cat.
He worked hard all year and one day he finally booked a flight out to the city. Once he arrived, the city seemed pleasant, but nothing extraordinary. Arthur realized he inflated his expectations.
He did not really enjoy the institute. So he decided to drop out of the oceanography institute. He got a F for not finishing.
Her mom seasoned the kernels with salt and garlic. Then she boiled them in hot oil. They were incredibly delicious!
She liked to talk about the pros and cons of them all. She was great at matching clients with their dream locations. Sheena was always happy to hear that the person had had a great trip.
He met a woman who owned a farm. Terry and the farmowner fell in a business agreement. Terry grew to like the company through the work ethic of the farmer.
Finally they began, and Shawn worked with his son to fix the car. A year later they fixed the car. They drove the car everywhere.
A car did not stop at his direction. The car hit the child. Teddy ran over to help.
For years the rain had kept  its chances of survival. Right when it seemed all was great, it all changed with a season. The start of the drought started with a season of no rain.
He handed me a guitar and I tried to play it. A string snapped, flying up and hitting me in the face. I immediately handed back the guitar.
She tried to make a few different rolls. It was so good! She decided to not go to a sushi restaurant and make them instead in the future.
I asked her what she meant. She said to go to another school. I always had a perfect attendance after that.
He fell asleep. He didn't realize the library was closed. He had to leave.
Before doing so he found out that his friends forgot the homework as we.. That's when they sat in a circle before school and tried to finish it. With the group of them all trying they managed to get it done!
He had some cards printed at a printing agency He loved the end result. He handed them out for the first time that weekend.
She was worried she would never see another one again. She wanted to keep it clean and safe from stains. Now, if one got stained, she would have a backup.
She tries to make friends with every girl in school. The girls never push her down or laugh at her. Riley was popular and never bullied.
She hated them, but she was losing weight. She lost ten pounds and decided that was enough. She was never going to eat another celery stick!
One day he decided to start eating earlier. Ate half his meal before everyone else. And this time, he finished with everyone.
Billy bought a new fish for the tank. But he forgot to feed it. Billy's 2nd fish died also.
He invited his friend Bill. The three had a great time. Bill even caught a foul ball.
When she was about a year old I shaved my chest hair so she couldn't pull it anymore. This allowed me to hold her without losing hair. I believe our strong bond is owed to those trimmed hairs.
At first he only watched football movies. But eventually he started to really get into others. She was very proud of him for giving it his all.
When she grew up she still played the lotto every day. One day she bought a ticket and chose the numbers of her birthday. She won 50 million dollars and began a charity.
We just came from our hotel. It was a bumpy road we were driving down. We were in Germany.
But his friend's family moved an hour away to a very small town. Cody visited and found that in such a small town people were really nice. He made a lot of good friends and still visits to this day.
One day, she chose cinnamon incense. Her guests all commented on how pleasant the scent was. Kate was proud of her home.
She loved the structure of it. She also loved pushing herself physically. Franny was happy she chose this career path.
She looked online how to secure the wig on her head. Luckily she found all sorts of good advice for dealing with a wig. With the tips in hand she was able to secure it properly.
He would eat an entire tub on his own. He was never full. He bought five tubs to last him through the weekend.
Lace had a huge recital and she was scared. Her mother hugged her and comforted her. Lacy went out on stage and performed her heart out.
His daycare was babysitting his one year old boy. His wife got into a fight the teacher and they threw the boy out. Now they are wondering who can babysit for them.
George had to go through extensive training. He failed training at first. But on his second try he was able to pass and became a nurse.
But then she decided to watch it on TV. So she purchased the channel. Then she saw her brother playing in the game.
Soon, customers were streaming in. The online ad had attracted a lot of business. John had a great opening day.
He put it on the grill and heard it sizzle. He flipped it over when it was almost done He sliced into the chicken and took a big bite.
He called the police. They took pictures for evidence of the crash. Todd was sort of  scared being home alone after that.
She forgot the lizards and snake she had been considering. She fell in the love with the cat right away! She took him to a vet - and then home to live with her!
They practiced her talent routine and their posing. They put on her fancy new pageant dresses. It was time to compete!
Xavier fell down in pain. Xavier started bleeding. Xavier limped to the bench and sat down, fed up.
The second concert featured pop music. The orchestra played several compositions. The conductor died a few weeks later.
One day, his wife told him he had to give up the pipe. He got very angry. He told her it was none of her business.
All he had was dog food. But Sam liked how it tasted. So he had dog food cereal the next morning too.
On Saturday, her manager called her on her cell phone. Her manager couln't show up for her shift and Amy had to do her job too! As she drove to work, Amy vowed to leave her phone off on the weekend.
Steve knew Napoleon was a great amateur fencer. Napolean showed Steve how easy it was to win every match. With his newly found confidence Steve took the girl out that weekend.
When we saw the line we were appalled. The line was twenty minutes long. But when we were done and tasted the donuts we realized they were worth it.
The chaos began at 12, when I noticed an unusual noise outside the car. It sounded like the car and the road were playing patty-cake. Turns out I didn't just have a flat tire, I had three!
To afford a tablet, she washed one neighbor's cars. She walked her other neighbor's dog every day. By the end of the summer she had enough to buy her tablet.
She patted out the burgers and added sour cream instead of cheese. After she put them on the skillet she walked away. The burger burnt to the skillet.
So he started to eat more and work out. Now he is even more muscular. He has been to a bodybuilding show.He has been to a bodybuilding show.
So they decided to go to the couch. They got ready and sat down. Rafa enjoyed the video game and had a good day.
But one day she was in a great mood, as she'd won $200 recently. She thought her mood would last, but her first customer was a jerk. She resigned herself to another bad day at work.
They decided to head to the pool. They dove in and felt refreshed. What a great way to really cool off!
He swallowed it. He was glad it was just an apple, and not nuts. Jimmy would have been rushed to the hospital for help.
His daughter was nervous for her first day. She slowly began to make new friends. Kyle watched his daughter become a more social child.
Tonight I will go out to a bar with my friends to celebrate. Tomorrow we get to sleep late before I have to go to work. It will not matter if I want to be lazy tomorrow morning.
Bill's father had disapproved of Amy. This had put a strain on Bill's relationship with his father. After Bill and Amy broke up, the relationship got better between Bill and his dad.
He had sold hymnals and everything in the church. Many people came to the sale but were sad the church was closing. The vicar raised enough money to make a sizable contribution to charity.
It started to rain. To bad Susan made her set up poorly. Susan couldn't make her bed or read a book until it stopped raining.
He stayed in it only for a few minutes. Then he hung the fluffy bath robe back up. His mom hated when he put clean bath robes in the washing machine.
Allowing herself to enjoy color, fabric, and trims was joyful. She saw fun and personality in the mirror, not her stomach or hips. Freed from worrying about camouflage, Jan found her beauty again.
Soon she was feeling full blown contractions. Suddenly, she realized she was out of time and the baby was imminent. She ended up giving birth in the ambulance!
Thankfully someone else seen it and managed to get the other car's license plate number. She called the police for help. Soon the other driver was caught and arrested.
He approached her and said hello. She told him she was Dori and not his cousin. He knew right then that it wasn't his cousin.
Tom's dad would take him to the batting cages everyday. So that once tryouts came, he could hit the ball well. On the day of tryouts Tom had to sit it out and didn't make the team.
Tomorrow she also had a math test! Seeing her feeling good, her dad came in to talk. She finished her homework and got an A on the test!
The togas were white and billowing. They read about famous Romans as well. It was fun pretending to be part of that era.
He loved playing with it around his neighborhood. He took videos with it as well. The action figure was a fun new thing to play with.
He shared it all over the place but no one liked it. Finally he decided to put more lyrics into the song. He learned that hard work was the only way to make a good song.
Presley found his music great and classic. When she moved out, she had her name legally changed, though. Later she realized she liked her original name and regretted the change.
The flowers made the place smell nice. The employees could imagine sitting around the flowers on their lunch break. The building was going to be a great new location for them!
It was damn and full of cobwebs. They got to work on tearing it down. They had big plans for building a new house on the land.
It was warm and sunny. They had never experienced anything like it! They took lots of pictures of the beach.
I could not believe who it was that took it. He was devastated. I hope we can get justice.
After eight weeks, she finally spread the landscaping bricks across the yard. Several of her neighbors complained about the large rocks. Scully felt vindicated later when her landscaping looked amazing.
I have to start to limit her viewing. She never wants to go outside anymore. She is becoming a bit obsessed.
Peter was sick of it, as he loved spending time with both of them. He tried many times to broker peace, but this time it worked. Peter succeeded and now sees his uncles together.
He step on a scale and saw that he'd gained twenty pounds. Greg was even more determined to do well. He started working out as well.
Kids around the country would try to download it. It was on every Saturday morning online. The kids were disappointed when they couldn't find it anymore.
She wanted to reward him but he had a bad attitude. Timmy was angry for not getting a reward and broke her sunglasses. Luckily it was a cheap pair.
He first resolved to become a vegetarian, but thought it would be too easy. Unfortunately even that wasn't as easy as he thought - he missed meat. But he was still determined to do what he felt to be the right thing.
When the waiter decided to bring the food, I was excited. I reached for a crab leg. A living squid unexpectedly started to climb on it.
First, his daughter got her ears pierced at Harrod's. They dined at the best restaurant in the city. Amazingly, the kids' favorite part was heading home early.
Josh needed to make something up about the dog. He called his sister to tell her the dog was sick. Josh's sister was worried and came home sooner than expected.
But first used pepper spray on his eyes. Cleveland was irritated and filed several charges. The police officer lost his job.
As she struggled to think of something to write, her hand started to hurt. She realized she needed to write the book on her computer. She grabbed her laptop and began writing the first chapter of the book.
They were goose feather and they were so soft! He snuggled into bed that night and smiled as he laid his head on his new pillows. His new pillows were amazing!
He felt horrible when he failed the class. Because he earned a 0%, he had a F in the class. The teacher wasn't willing to change his grade.
This new game is one I wanted, but I didn't have the money. I went on mTurk to see if I could make enough to buy it. After two days, I had gathered enough to purchase the game.
And it assaulted Kat. Later, Kat called the cops, and described her assailant. With this information, the police were able to find the dog assaulter.
When they reopened next year, she gives it her all. She hears back a few days later. She landed the role in the play.
Julia wanted them to stay quiet. So she had them play a game of tag. The twins then fell asleep from all the exertion.
Lee had less cucumbers than he thought he would. Lee pickled most of the cucumbers. He planted more cucumbers the next year.
It promised crispy bacon without the mess. The first time she ate it, the bacon melted in her mouth. Mary was happy the item was tasty as promised.
He had originally applied for a job in Connecticut. We were hopeful as we are in Boston, not too far away. He just found out he did not get the job but got the Boston one instead.
She bought an ice cream cone! But it gave her a terrible stomachache. After 16 years, Anna had become lactose intolerant!
I had extra time to sleep. I threw myself back onto my bed. I slept an extra thirty minutes.
He decided to continue taking this route home. He found this route was faster. He now walks with friends and his new route is much safer.
They all remembered how great the photo was. Every time they thought at it, they smiled. They decided to throw out other family photos as well.
But she was tired of sweeping up its fur. One day, she discovered a huge fur ball on the floor. She snapped and shaved the dog!
Anna took the cat inside. The vet had told Anna that cats can kill birds if left outside. Anna cared for birds, so she didn't want this to happen.
Our big tree is a large coconut tree. Every time we cookout, my husband gets coconuts from the tree. He puts a hole in them and we drink fresh coconut water.
Keith is going to fast down the slope. He hits a hidden rock and ascends into the air. Keith felt even worse now and stayed in the cabin the rest of the trip.
Jacob was taken home by the military. He remained a convert to Christianity. He dressed up in a suit and was able to go to church with his wife.
She came on and said she can't wait to put all her competitors in jail. The host tried to shush her. The businesswoman apologized, and said she didn't know she was live.
Today he complained about poor router service on Snapchat. A Snapchat friend suggested he get a job and move out. Tim said his Snapchat friend needs time to mind himself.
The next day, Susie woke up and remembered it was her birthday. She heard barking. Susie ran from her bed and saw her mother had bought her a dog.
During middle school tryouts, Courtney messed up her routine. She asked the judges if she could start over. She messed up her routine a second time from a lack of practice and did not make the team!
She drove down on Monday. I went along for the ride. We ended up buying ice cream cones.
When he finally finished, he had to spend his time playing cards waiting for more work. But as nothing happened again that day, he decided to go home. Instead of wasting his time, he called in sick the next day.
The kids pulled out their umbrellas and then put them back up. They were dry. They were glad not to have to rush home to dry off.
He grilled them until they were medium-well. He put them on the plate and got ready to take a bite He'd looked forward to this all day!
He had an emergency credit card in his wallet. Perry pulled out his card. He was able to buy lunch with the card until payday.
Every morning he got up an hour earlier to workout before work. He got into the routine and soon her was riding his bike to work. Ron lost 20 pounds in the first month.
She loved that many of her friends were happy she got the attention. One day her best friend caught her cheating and told no one. Her reputation was not ruined and she was still considered smart.
His mom told him not to leave until she was ready. Jim did not listen. He got to school before all the other students and teachers.
He plugged a lot of hours in training at the academy. However Jay graduated top of his class in medical school. He now is a rich and famous doctor.
Kenny was determined to change his boss' mind, so he spent late nights working on unfinished projects. He was able to get complete all his work by the deadline. Kenny was promoted to general manager.
She didn't understand why I spoke to her so nicely. As a result, she talked to me. At the end of the day, I felt good.
Harry had owed a lot of money on his own credit card. Authorities were notified of Harry's crimes. Harry was arrested.
But I knew their food wasn't always fresh. Though I decided it buy a salmon avocado roll anyway. Afterwards, I regret not just buying sushi at Whole Foods.
To her relief the lost wallet belonged to her grandfather. Carol happily returned the wallet to her grandfather. He awarded Carol with money for an ice cream cone.
While riding the new bike he fell and skinned his knees so his mom put band-aids on them. Soon, he was back on his bike. He wouldn't let some scratches hold him back!
She was forced by her mother to go and take along her sister. Jade sister got lost in the mall. Mall security located her little sister for Jade.
She walked up and down her street giving away her toys all day. Surprisingly, her toys were all gone! She wasn't able to buy her mom a new book.
People became jealous of his talent. And they discouraged him from competing in a mental arithmetic competition. Travis competed anyway, and was happy to win first place.
He told me his sister has no sense of taste and has Ensure to stay ali. He even told me she had considered suicide. I stopped talking.
I tried to to thank him for discounting the items at 50%. He blushed. We ended up talking for several minutes.
She immediately told her husband how she felt. She was being completely honest. He admitted that he expected she'd love it and that's why he bought it, and they laughed about it.
I had no power to tell any of the employees what to do. Soon, the employees were very fond of me. So I took them all out for a big scoop of ice cream.
There was food as far as the eye could see on the menu. Collin ordered his food and ate a ton. He didn't need to eat for the rest of the day.
Arriving late, I saw the prettiest girl in all of the world. She saw me looking at her and waved me over. We talked and decided to date.
The box had been at his door. He dropped the box and his phone broke in a million pieces. John was disappointed and had to return his phone.
He found out where he was staying. He surprised his friend at his hotel! Their other friends came to meet up later.
He bought large tea jugs and got refills for 25 cents a gallon. And he saved lots of money on tea. Dave never went back to buying bottled tea again.
He wanted a last party. His friends threw him a moving away party. He cried but is happy.
I went right into the water without the phone. I could not find it after getting out. I ended up getting a new phone and a waterproof case.
She now had many women friends. In the end, she was happier with the new club she'd joined. It wasn't much better than her old one but at least she wasn't the only woman anymore.
Mable shifted in her seat. She spilled soup down her leg. Mable burned her legs.
Champ and Twyla got to cook nice restaurant food at home. It was only a fraction of the price. The catch was that they had to listen to the dog barking.
She had finally found a weight loss center that was effective. Lynn had already lost 15 pounds in three weeks, and she was happy should could still enjoy all her favorite good. So we enjoyed our conversation while both of us ate.
Then he decided to try a hair treatment he saw on tv. His hair began to grow back. His friends stopped teasing him.
He was successful at first. But he was caught stealing office supplies. He was apprehended by a local police man.
But when he got spoke to a salesman, he was surprised. That price was only for people with bad credit, apparently. Ryan's payment would be less than half the ticketed price!
So he bought tons of groceries. And he imagined lots of great food he could make. But he only received half of the food he ordered.
He said it was for being the worst salesman for the year. Karl was upset. He cleaned out his desk and stormed out.
The next day, they went back and the like to make out there. It makes some older people uncomfortable. I do not think anyone can stop them.
But I still wanted one, so after some deliberation, I asked if I could make payments on one. The clerk said yes, so I bought a really expensive grand piano! When I got home, it wouldn't fit in my house.
Clara doesn't need to make new friends in her class. Everyone is already friends with Carla! Shes happy she doesn't have to try to make new friends.
He drove down to the store and bought one. Jay realized he had forgotten his bait and bought some too. He drove down to his favorite fishing spot.
The best part is the uniforms are really cool. You also have a lot more homework. Hopefully, he will have a good year.
She would grow all sorts of herbs to cook with. Jody would attend cooking classes to make the best use of them. Eventually Jody was able to make great dishes with her fresh herbs.
After opening a shop to sell her work, Jan developed a following. Her art was featured in a magazine. This led to a TV show where Jan shared her techniques with others.
He went to take a walk. Suddenly, Klaus felt a sharp pain in his foot. He had stepped on a jellyfish.
Gob got sick with frost bite from riding in the cold. Gob had to go to the emergency room to help his pneumonia. Gob took the bus to work after that.
She ran after me and introduced herself and we chatted for a while. I asked what she did, and she claimed to be an actress. I got two free tickets to a play tonight.
Some of her coworkers noticed that she didn't like to talk to them. When they asked her to hang out and go shopping with them she blew them off. Her co workers disliked Jenny.
Their parents bought them tickets and when they got there they were not first in line but still the line was not that bad. They both got a little nervous as they approached the front. As they rode that first hill, they knew it was well worth the wait.
Now my audio was fine. My friend said my voice was clear. I was able to talk to him.
Marie bought a small diet guide for herself. She began to put all her food in to categories. Marie's didn't overeat anymore.
She decided to offer a next day coupon. Soon, she was trying to get through the line like crazy. She made the money she needed really fast.
A car in front of him eventually stopped moving. He was patient, and went around the car. Police officers came and arrested the stopped car after finding out he was driving while intoxicated.
I bought everything during the first week of school. My savings was $700 dollars. However, the price for my textbooks amounted to $400 dollars.
Jaden was happy when his mom told him she would do it. Jaden's mom felt strapped for time. Due to stress, she had to bow out from being room mom.
It held a lot of water. She invited ten friends to camp with her. They all had a great time.
He messed up a few times. Nobody cared though. He made it in the band.
She ripped it open. It was a beautiful new sweater! Linda called her right away to thank her.
Her husband noticed and asked what had happened. She explained the story, embarrassed. He told her to be more careful.
It took the bird hours to feed her young. Finally, she was done. She sat down in the nest to rest.
One day, Adam's movies began to get stale. he made one bad movie after another. Adam just wasn't as talented anymore.
Suddenly, he revealed that he had written her a song. He performed it for her as she listened happily. She thanked him for the song and they felt even closer.
I carefully checked my order details. Then I walked with my laptop down to the police station. The police lady came and helped me.
He would spend hours wishing he was somewhere else. Every show the audience hooted and hollered. Phillip hated making the crowd laugh.
He bought all the comics he could with deep anticipation. He went with a group of friends to find the comics. Unfortunately Jonathan was severely disappointed in the story.
The loaves of bread, however, turned out amazing. And her family loved them. Cindy was glad she made the bread with such care.
She went and got a driver's license. Sandy eyed up her DMV and vroom! The she had accidentally hit in the accelerator instead of the brake and the car smashed into the DMV.
He tried to get inside but the door was locked. He called his friend and asked him to open the door. Tom opened the door and he was able to get in.
But because he was a fast learner he could play any instrument they had. He became the next Beethoven and went on to write many compositions. He was a genius composer and owed his success to his school of music.
All of a sudden Jeff's son JT falls off a cliff. Jeff cries out for help but it's no use. There's a big circle of blood where JT fell off.
Some of our friends were already there. We all met at one of the rides. It was a really fun time.
A girl in her class really liked her and invited him to sit with her. Glen was really friendly and wanted to do it. The girl took his hand at lunch and brought him to her table.
I slowly climbed the stairs to the top, and walked out onto the board. I jumped and did a terrifically graceful swan dive. My friends learned that sometimes one should not dare others to do things.
When she was seven, Judith and her family moved to Texas. In Texas, her new teachers though her northern accent was a speech impediment. They required Judith to take speech therapy.
Finally, she tried a bowl full of oranges. It was perfect! She loved the summery look it gave her dining room.
She drove to a car lot and looked at new cars to buy. She finally settled on a blue Toyota. Nancy happily drove her new car home.
One day she kept trying to keep them lit. She would only blow them out when she slept. But her cats caused a small fire in the living room.
The doctor reassured her that she would be fine with rest and fluids. Feeling comforted, Jemma's mom took her home and put her to sleep. Jemma woke up acting like herself again.
His friend fell and sprained his wrist trying to catch the ball. Ron and his friends decided to stop playing football. They started playing tag instead.
They played hard. In the end they tied evenly! Grinning, they agreed to a rematch!
She had thought she did a good job. She placed her paper face down on her desk. She did not want anyone to see that she had gotten a terrible grade.
Tony had to throw away all the food that had gone bad. Tony called an appliance store. He ordered a new freezer and kitchen appliances.
She had dreamed of being chased. Jenny tried to relax. After tossing and turning she finally managed to sleep peacefully.
I could not have afforded such a poster otherwise. I got on the computer. I was able to order a free poster that I could put up in my room.
They ran inside a shop to avoid getting sunburned. Ten minutes later the sun clouded over and a rainbow came out. Jack and his family continued walking around seeing the animals.
Since she was too young for tinder and she he was determined to kiss Brendan, she would use mistletoe to do it. But when she lured him under it and kissed him, he pushed her down. Lina was heartbroken, and disliked mistletoe for the rest of her life.
He exclaimed to me about his luck today, and I told him to not brag. He stopped bragging about his luck and felt a lot better. He recently noticed that he's also getting more lucky in his games.
They forgot to make it without pickles. Donald realized there were pickles on the burger. He picked off the pickles before eating.
The total price is zero dollars. I couldn't figure out where to redeem it. Then I remembered mturk, and now I'm writing short stories.
It took too long, I went to the store to buy a temporary fan. It was winter so no stores sold fans. I borrowed a fan from my sister so that I could sleep.
Jolene confronted Raul about the cat. Raul started crying and admitted that he has been hiding the cat from her for a long time. Jolene broke up with Raul because she hates cats.
Any hair he tried to add wouldn't stay in there. Gabe put the spare tire on his car. He drove to a shop and got a new tire.
That all changed one day when he was set up on a blind date. The date was love at first sight and they both couldn't to leave. 9 months later there was a baby and they ended up happily together.
Trevor got 11 and that was his lucky number. The shirts were numbered according to size from 1 to 20. Trevor was a tall lad and found the shirt too short on him.
One day, he walked through a muddy field and his boots got dirty. He went home. His mom scolded him for getting his new boots dirty.
The family told me about walking with the casket. They were dressed in black. It was a sad day.
He fluffed them just right each night. He didn't like traveling because he couldn't bring his blankets. Nothing could keep Travis away from his blankets!
Kat's daughter brought her the cats. Kat nursed the cats to health. The cats thrived with Kat.
The therapist told him he needed to find his purpose. THe man focused on what he was passionate about. He decided he would make a career change.
After all, her parents had remembered her birthday! But when she walked in, she got shocked. Her family all jumped out and yelled Surprise!
The fight was very close and it came down to the last minute. Eric won by knocking Scott out. Eric is the better fighter.
I had a relaxing time. A boy named Desmond sat next to me. He was wearing sandals.
They drank it up in a minute. She got some more and put it on the table. They were so thirsty they knew they'd finish that, too!
With that amount of money, he could have became a citizen. He would have helped many charities. Then is would have invested his money so it would last a long time.
Her parents hired a professional coach to assist with swimming. Lara's coach taught her how to stay focused during major events. Lara went on to win an Olympic gold medal for swimming.
She decided to use crackers instead. Then Margery realized something amusing. She was Margery making crackery.
She took him home and spoiled him. The cat now had toys and food and a nice bed. Kelly wanted to make his life special.
He began frantically searching throughout his bag for his lunch. He then told the teacher that he lost his lunch. The teacher was nice and told him to share hers.
They announced that they didn't want any photos on Facebook. So I did not see any photos all week. My co-worker snuck a few and said she would post photos soon.
All the sudden she lost her phone. A nice woman found it for her. So Suzy treated her to lunch.
I told her how thankful I was. I said I hope she could keep giving me rides. She seemed to like it.
He couldn't beat anyone and ended last. He trained hard to do better in the competition. In the end and with a lot of training he was able to beat the others.
She had a great talent to speak in public, the audience applauded loudly. The judges appeared very impressed by all the talent in the show. Her best friend won the first prize in the talent show.
Tim was happy. It was going to cost nothing to fix! Tim thought homeownership was really great.
Even with headlights Marion could barely see because of the rain. She drove extra carefully for the entire commute. Marion was relieved when she reached her destination.
They were contacted because Yang could be put out on the streets soon. Apparently a seven year old girl is a waste of space in the orphanage. Don't worry Yang, you're home now and you're wanted here!
He was very shocked to see the chickens missing and immediately dropped their food. Woody started to search the woods for his chickens. Then out of nowhere a snake struck at him!
They explored them until they stumbled on some rock pools. These were incredible! They ran to tell a park ranger what they had found.
She thanked them for helping her solve her problem. She bought fancy running shoes. The children liked her new shoes.
However, he forgot to put it in sight of the garbage truck. The garbage truck passed the house without stopping the next day. My mom woke Henry up and smacked him.
The pop star made a tearful apology on live television. Arthur thought it was a sincere apology, but Diana felt it was fake. The couple ended up arguing whether or not the pop star was genuine.
The couple tried walking all around the park. The couple had a good time talking. The couple was never going to go back to that park though.
He cannot find his way back. He digs for his compass in his backpack. He cannot find it and is lost.
She just finished reading the last of the newspaper. She doesn't have any money to subscribe to online newspapers. She tries to download them for free.
Jake was happy! But he bit his lips in his excitement. He knew the child was just trying to play.
He said that the kids should read before the adults. They managed to finish all the books. The adults didn't even have to read.
She was very nervous because she couldn't get fired. She told me she waited as long as she could before calling into work. She finally asked me to drive her and I accepted.
She was glad that she wasn't allergic! She would have had to go to the urgent care clinic. There, they would have given her a shot to help reduce the swelling.
Sometimes he never washed any of the clothing. Most of the time his room smelled awful. Murray started paying his little sister money to clean his room.
On the day of the shoot, Lauren drove to a nice grassy field. The photographer spent the next hour shooting her in different poses. The photos ended up turning out fantastic.
He loved being of service but his friends often abused him anyway. They called for simple matters they could have looked up themselves. Javier eventually only accepted to help when it was an emergency.
As a matter of fact, he couldn't play for quite a while anyway. As months passed he regained enough to play a game. When his friends played with him again, Leo felt he had overcome a great challenge.
He invited Kathy to come to dinner with him. The food was repulsive and they asked for the check early. Bill and Kathy went to a bar to wash the taste from their mouth.
It was twins! Sara was suddenly nervous and excited. She could hardly believe it!
They planning on visited several different states. It was the trip of a lifetime! They gathered their things and headed towards the car.
One day, her friend decided to sign up for one of the upcoming shows. She got chosen to participate. Jill was very proud of her friend being a star in her own TV show.
She got a new desk and new employee manual. She made new friends and met her new boss. She was excited to go back to work!
He needed a lot of groceries. Every time I buy him groceries, he eats them so quickly. I think I will just pick out some cheap ones.
I slowly made my way to the pit and the speakers were fixed. After a few minutes, I got hit in the face and fell down. I ended up with a concussion and bloody nose.
On the day of the tournament I was nervous. Then the organizer told me I was doing a great job shout-casting. He was very happy with the way the tournament was going.
It turns out someone's car was burning across the apartment. Luckily no one was hurt and they had insurance. They got their car fixed and hoped it wouldn't happen again.
I ran up to catch it. This was part of a game. It was like ultimate frisbee.
The league had its closing ceremonies. The league awarded his teams with medals and trophies. But Chet's team only received "Good Try!" ribbons.
Leah laughed at the suggestion. She brought all of her things to Kim's house. Leah stayed at Kim's until she found an apartment.
This has been a very short summer. It hasn't been hard trying to find things to do. It will lonely when she goes back.
He was all set up to play. All of his friends came out to watch him. He placed second in the pool tournament.
They owned posters from their favorite films. One day they decided to go to the local Godzilla festival separately. They were surprised and thrilled to see each other and get their posters signed by an original actor.
On the fifth mile, he got a some chafing. Jim hated his new shorts! He couldn't take them off though, so he kept running.
Everyone help a rally for him to try again. The man tried running for sheriff this time. He instead became a police officer.
She looked at her dog and started screaming. She was wondering where those noises had been coming from! From then on, she always knew where to look for cockroaches.
Ten people she knew but that weren't friends ended up coming and bringing food. Together they had a huge variety of food! Anna's picnic party idea was a success.
Every week, she had put two ice cubes in the soil. She said that was her trick for keeping the flowers alive. Her fellow gardeners thanked her for the tips.
He tried to hold it and did. She thanked him. Her night was great!
He watched the first practice He was envious. He watched his friends practicing.
He wanted to do the same in algebra II. The year started off great. Johnny got an A in the class.
He looked under the treehouse. He finally went into the basement. The ball was in the basement.
She knew her mother would not take care of it properly. She got her a nice rose bouquet instead. Rita's mom appreciated the flowers still
He was very proud of his facial hair but was ready to be rid of it. He took a look at himself after finishing shaving and didn't recognize his face. Van decided he would grow his beard out again.
A competitor stole one of Mario's t shirt designs. Mario took his competitor to court, and lost  the lawsuit. With a settlement in not in his favor, he was too sad to design again.
Last Sunday she had tried out for a week. Miley sadly accepted the truth. She still listens to the choir every week.
We turned the lights out because we weren't supposed to be playing poker. We never got caught. I never saw her again.
After he joined his school's soccer team, he was unbothered by messing up. During an important game, he failed to block the goal. Overridden with boredom, he decided to not play anymore team sports.
After numerous medicines and nerve blocks the doctors were worried because of my diabetes and complications. They believed it could cause complications and they wanted to try and stop it. They performed a surgery where they placed a spinal cord stimulator.
After graduation, he plans to attend medical school. While at medical school, he accidentally damages the test cadaver! Terry is not so sure that he wants to be a surgeon after all.
Will started  jiggling his line. He suddenly felt a slight pop. The line had broken.
He won it on his first try. Jimmy focused and tried again. He hit the bullseye again on the next try.
He always regretted it and wanted to know how to draw. And he eventually he took lessons from a well known art teacher. Dave's persistence paid off.
He wandered around, looking for the source of the fire. He found a burned out candle on the table. Rich opened windows to dissipate the smell.
Last year I had trouble finding Charlie Brown. When I did find him near the dog's bed, he had a hole in his head. My boxer dog had bitten Charlie Brown's head to pieces.
They would paint bowls and vases. Then they would put them in the kiln to seal the paint in. They loved showing off their projects.
One day, they bet to see who could get the worst score. The mom won by 30 points! The family all laughed as she celebrated.
One day he decided to practice on his uncle. His uncle picked a randomly selected card from the deck. In moments, Oliver was able to correctly guess the card.
Jessie bought another shirt at the store. The store allowed her to get a discount. Jessie tried on the shirt before leaving the store.
Jordan played hard all day long. He was well known, A regional artist came into the area and asked Jordan to open for him.
John's girlfriend decided she would rather date Rudy. Rudy decided it would be okay to date John's girlfriend. John lost both his friend and his girlfriend that day.
Soon, she was down ten pounds despite not paying attention to calories. Nancy was determined to keep going. By the end of the year, she had lost another ten!
She even booked a DJ to play at the event. Kate order a lots of food and drinks for the party. Her brother was very disappointed that nobody came.
A note was left from his brother thanking him for lending him the record. William was happy it was back in good condition. He let his brother borrow records and decided to buy more to share.
She brought him to the video game store. He chose a video game. It was called Ziggy.
She told the parents that the child is well behaved. But the parents got annoyed. As a result, Morgan had felt awkward and had a terrible plane ride.
People voted for who they thought should win. Everyone voted for Tom. Tom won the battle.
Larson met with his sister. She agreed to take on the house. Larson and his sister eventually came to an agreement.
The process went by slow but in doing so I built up good habits! Before I knew it was seemingly easy to eat healthy food. It's been 7 months and I keep melting away the fat!
He makes his favorite tea only in mud. He also spends time playing video games in mud. Lee often wishes it would rain every day.
The game lasted two hours. The winning person got taken out for dinner by the biggest loser. Everyone had a fun day.
So she never made any efforts to use less butter when she cooked. She didn't resist weight-loss efforts. She just decided to eat butter despite the fat content.
Kenneth didn't know any of the restaurants in the town. He didn't bother asking a local for advice on dining. Kenneth never went to any restaurant a local would recommend.
She had already called the police. They rushed over and arrested her friends. Melinda felt embarrassed.
It hurt so bad! He put a bandage on it. He was afraid he would have a big scar.
Alex said he'd pay, and then tried part of the appetizer. He really liked the appetizer. Alex bought one of the appetizers to take home for himself.
Her dad helped her clean the net. Then Cay's mom made spaghetti for dinner. Cay was proud for eating with her family!
The next day he tried again, and Rod saw a car leaving a parking spot near the mall entrance. Rod waited for the car to leave. He was able to take the car's parking spot.
The car was going to be his new baby. He worked all day on it. When it finished, Bob was eager to hang it up.
He discovered he could afford what was left. To his surprise, his friend gave him two tickets for his birthday. Les went to the event with his friend, and had a great time.
They said that it was a nice skill to have. Rose kept up with her drawing. She eventually got a scholarship for it!
She was so happy! She never had to clean up. The kids don't make a mess.
They wanted a kitchen and separate bedrooms. The bus would be a great way to travel. They spent months saving up for it on tour.
They got a little scared but  after a while, they were fine because they were giggling too much. Then they went to sleep. They all had fun that night.
The athletes were all giving it their all. The Americans spiked the ball and it hit the ground. They had tied!
The kids all ran got together to make a studio recording with the stereo equipment. They sang and laughed and had a great time. Kevin asked if they could come over the next day as well.
It told her she would have lots of death in her life. Jane showed it to everyone and worried about it. They told her that fortune cookies were dumb.
She can't wait to see her friends at school. It is hard to get to sleep the night before classes start. After a good breakfast, she was finally an official eighth grader.
It was broken. Jim noticed the telephone chord was cut. He heard a noise, but no dial tone.
Then she bit down on something that was too crunchy. She pulled the thing out of her mouth. She was eating a big cockroach.
His cousin is a doctor and diagnosed him with scoliosis. Kevin was given a brace to wear. It was uncomfortable, but would help him in the long run.
Jon started shouting facts and received many visitors. Jon answered many people's questions regarding his amazing project. Jon was very happy to win the blue ribbon for his science project.
Erma planned on becoming an Entomologist one day and overcoming her phobia. Now she likes studying about the variety of bugs in the world. Erma would later grow up to be a famous Entomologist.
I was in a bank parking lot. My friend was with me. I had decided to play her a song.
I told the cat he could not have my money. The cat meowed back at me. I checked his neck for a collar.
They knew there were a lot of places to be seen. Once they decided on a new place to live, they would rent a house. They were very happy when they would sign the lease papers.
The place came with a free breakfast but we didn't check it out. We ordered some french press coffee for breakfast. Oh my it was some of the best coffee I have ever had in my whole life.
She cried but still took pictures of him. Monkeys were her least favorite animal! She was happy she had gotten away that day.
He searched and searched for the same wallpaper to buy it. He couldn't find a match, so he decided to change all the walls. Alex ended up liking what he found and was content.
Finn laughed and said that there was a marathon. Andy said he didn't mind. He knew eventually he would be able to change the channel.
She was afraid her jokes would bomb. Greta decided to improve her stand up routine. After a year of doing stand up comedy, she won $50 in a local contest.
She called her neighbor Carmela to ask if she could use some sugar. Carmela brought a small bowl of sugar over. When they were ready, Mary shared the muffins with Carmela.
The were all excited because they really wanted to go out. Frank put on music and ordered some pizza. Frank and his family had fun in the yard that day.
They encouraged him to audition for a play so he did and got the part. He was very excited. Ryan spent a lot of time practicing.
It was the size of a softball. We are still having some trouble with raccoons. It was a gift for the garden.
After a half an hour, the whole class became confused. Some students decided to leave early. Although I was informed already, I tried to remain in class and ask questions.
Frank didn't go to the dealership. He was given his mom's red car. Frank is happy he got his mom's car.
When they got there it had started to rain. They couldn't go to the beach. Their trip was ruined.
At the first class, she instructed her students on digital art. She drew some pictures on the computer and presented it. One of the students declared it looked more like an digital fart.
When he returned, he needed a job. He wore a tie for an interview as a janitor. My son wondered if he was a bit overdressed.
She was training for the big race. Everyday mattered for the race. The athlete felt really prepared.
A lady had hit me in a parking lot. She told me she would pay for part of my car damage. She had caused a wreck.
She didn't want to be sick by eating fast. When she was done she was so full. She got sick anyway because she ate so much.
Carl asked them to be more considerate, to no avail. He appealed again and got the music swapped. Carl was happy with the new music.
His mom stays home, and they play with stickers and dinosaurs. They giggle a lot. They have a lot of fun.
I was aware of the textbook, not the software. I had a lot of anxiety since I had no money. However, my mom allowed me to earn money to buy the software.
As a result, she got to pick between several new cars. Since she owed no money, she didn't have to make the payments. However, her mom helped her some pick one out.
When their football teams met in the tournament, it was tense. Both sides yelled and cheered. The blue team ended up winning!
The short detour made her late even more. When she arrived, chocolates in hands, her mom was gone. She had left her a card saying it was one time too late.
So he planned to sneak in the cake late at night. But he had trouble staying awake. When he woke up, he realized he never brought in the cake.
Yancy gathered his fellow miners together. They started organizing into a union. With Yancy's lead, they were free to bargain with management by the end of the day.
One day, the door closed behind her and she couldn't get in! Tiny Tammy meowed for hours, alone and afraid. Her owner heard her pleas for help and rescued the tiny little kitten.
He looked into the distance , got out of the car, and saw a giant water park. Travis started running and then stopped. He realized he was chasing a mirage.
Jim walked behind him and waited in line. The bank clerk was very thankful. Jim then went to the clerk, and demanded his money.
She studied for many hours. When she sat down to take the exam, she knew every answer. She passed the exam and it pushed her total grade high enough to pass the class.
Ken figured they were great and got closer. In the water, scuba divers swam around freely. They had made the waves to bring the surfers in.
The new owner of the land was going to clean it up. It took her contractors two days to get all the debris out. When they were done, it looked great!
It probably was because, he woke up late the next day and didn't have time to eat. He had raced to school and had sat down nervously. The studying he had done was for nothing, as he had failed the test.
Marvin double checked the ticket before sending it out. The ticket indicated it was supposed to be a cheeseburger. Marvin put the cheese on the burger and corrected the order.
He had studied every night. With tutoring, his grades finally improved. Todd was really proud of himself!
They made strikes. It was so skilled! They had a great night scoring together.
They said I would get bored with the dog, like chores. My parents said they would end up doing all the work. Eventually we all agreed they were right.
His cousins ran off and left him alone. Gabe was scared and crying when he finally got home. Gabe's cousins got in trouble for running off.
They all branched out and looked for her. They discovered some clues in the woods. They did the right thing by calling the police right away.
There was a hole on top so we could tell they were there. That way we knew they didnt really liked us. We grew with a big resentment towards them.
She saw some that were really cute! Nan was excited for the weather to improve so she could buy them. She had a great summer wardrobe!
He had to drive a few hours to get to one and once he got there he rode dozens of times in one day. He would stand in line for a long time just to ride again. The slide was fast and fun!
It never found a large tree to climb and get stuck in. Mary Wikenm found it inside and called it over to pet/ After a short while, the cat walked over for some petting.
Tom challenged me anyway to see who could jump the furthest. We both jumped at the same time and I landed on my side. When I got up my right arm was broken.
Mina decided to call a cab home. The cab got lost. She had to call her boyfriend for directions home.
An owner wanted to meet with me. I had my payment worked out with someone. I had been behind on my payments.
He carefully sliced some cheese. He put them on a plate and served them. His friend hosting the party was very impressed and thankful.
It was the last game of the season and the ball got passed to her. She took a shot and waited what seemed like forever. The ball went into the hoop and she jumped up and smiled.
Candy decided to buy a treadmill for days when it snowed. Candy continued to walk when it was sunny and when it rained. When it snowed she was able to use the treadmill.
Kia however wrote down the license plate of the car. Then she drove to the hospital. Kia was grateful she could help herself.
Everyone agreed on what they would bring, or so they thought. Everyone showed up with a dessert! Travis laughed and started to eat a piece of pie.
As Jamie loaded her car her mother asked if she was ready. Jamie told her she was and drove off to her new apartment. While unpacking,Jamie found the family cat asleep in one of her boxes.
The pins represented all the places Dick wished he could travel to one day. Every day Dick would research new countries and add them to his list. Dick is sad that he can't afford to book his first trip.
Ida grudgingly agreed to catsit a friend's cat. Soon she realized she loved the little fur ball! Ida had fallen in love with cats!
Roy decided to get extra practice to prepare for the state finals. He ran an extra hour everyday. Thanks to his practice Roy got 5th place in the state finals.
At first she struggled to pronounce the strange words. But soon she was learning rapidly. Ona's felt like she was the best in the online class!
There was a sign on the door that said I did not need to bring the old permit in. The next day I returned and renewed my license, they gave me a brand new parking permit. But when I got back to my car, I had received a parking ticket for being outside the lines.
He had been hired very fast by a farmer for his special skill. The farmer asked him why he could not calm this stallion if he gives classes for those who feared horses Timothy did not know why his special skill was not working with this stallion.
Bill took it seriously and started selling food in his food truck. He made burgers, fries, potatoes, and pizza. And over time, Bill's food became very popular.
They'd been going there for years. It was a great place to make friends. They valued their bridge friendships a lot.
The party was dead boring. Ellen was panicked. She told them all to get crazy immediately.
It was a strange puzzle. Then she put it down! Baby Charlotte had made her first discovery!
She built a nest and had a family. Aly liked to watch the squirrel come in and out. It was a beautiful creature!
He looked at his shoes and saw there was mud on them. He had accidentally stepped in it. He cleaned off as quickly as he could before they were stained.
She added extra eggs to the brownies and baked them. The house began to smell like egg bread. She had invented a new dessert, egg brownies!
But when he arrived there, there was an accident. The whole road was stuck in traffic. Greg wasn't happy and he planned for a new escapade while waiting.
However, he couldn't decide what to order. Still he wanted to order something. He finally ordered and it was delicious.
I convinced her to try volunteering with an animal rescue shelter. She found a sweet cat companion and met some kind, like minded people. Best of all was learning she could still make a positive difference.
We had to take the long way. Wildfires had closed the road for the short way The smoke in the air made it hard to breathe.
But she fell asleep anyway and when she woke up, however, it was already the next morning. And she only finished half of her homework on the bus. Ellen decided not to be so careless about breaks.
At the age of 15 she won her first contest as a teen singer. She grew up to perform as a hobby. At the age of 55 she was still singing as a hobby.
They had their bags ready to collect candy. But they would never get any since the parade was cancelled. They took their empty bags home.
She went to the doctor and he confirmed he perfect eyesight. Grandma was happy to be able to get around longer. She was able to go places by herself without her daughters help.
After Jeffrey ate the vegetables, he said it tasted bad. His mom said that she forgot to put salt on the vegetables. Jeffrey had to make a new vegetable plate with salt on it.
She made a bucket list of all the tourist stops in New York. Mary later lost the bucket list. She had to start a new one even though she couldn't go.
They would complain all day and night. Julie couldn't take it anymore! She started shooing them away when they would complain at her.
His ball had fallen down the stairs. He did not go down in the basement. He made his dad get the ball.
When he swerved John had severely injured a passenger. The passenger would die in the hospital. John was arrested for a dui homicide.
She carefully planned it out. Then she bought all the items. She couldn't wait to have easter!
While it rested, Zelda snuck up and jumped on its back. The horse reared up and started galloping. Zelda hung on for dear life, enjoying the ride.
However, he never tried seeking tutoring or help. He also continued his ordinary study habits. He ended up acing the next two exams and eventually the class.
Then, I threw out old things. Finally, I polished some shiny surfaces. It made me more relaxed to know that my area was now clean.
She got it because she always picks up shifts. Crosby was happy that she got the raise. Still, she wasn't sure if she wanted to continue working there.
Lindsay brought a new red dress with the money her mother gave her. Lindsay's mother asked her where she got the new red dress. Lindsay felt excited about sharing to hermother.
At first she disliked the short hours. But as she got used to it, she started to like it. Soon Anna was enjoying herself at work!
Her mother's savings account paid for her to have a rental car. Jennifer got a much newer, nicer rental than her own car. She was very disappointed when she had to return it.
He said the owner paid him more than the others. His mother said that she was proud of him. He hung up pleased.
They watched cartoons every night instead. The ratings were awful. The network cancelled the series.
She paused her work and looked around. Slowly, Cassandra took an orange and put it in her pocket. Sh was looking forward to mimosas.
Yesterday, I went outside to read and saw them. They invited me over to their apartment for coffee. I said I was pleased to see them again.
One day she tripped over a pair of her brothers sneakers after leaving her room at midnight. This sent her tumbling down the staircase. Juliette learned to never wander around the house at night again.
She walked around the store with the help of the walker. She gathered her items, checked out and started to leave. Her walker broke in the parking lot!
At the qualification meet, Sarah fell off the uneven bars. Her wrist was badly sprained and she did not make the team. Though relieved, Sarah was hurt and eventually healed.
She dropped it while taking it from him. The smell in the class was horrible. The students had to leave the class and go into the gym.
It turns out, the teacher was mean. Sheila failed the in class drivers test. Shelia got her license the following summer instead.
The support group and hypnosis helped a lot. Though it didn't help all the way, her doctor prescribed her Chantix. With medication to control the cravings, Mary finally quit smoking.
Tara had been waiting for customer's to come all lunch. But not one person came to order. Tara had to continue to wait for a customer to come and order.
Ted waited for calls. He listed his brother as a reference. Ted got a call for an interview.
He was just trying to get lucky. They went on a few dates. But they broke up after the summer.
She got a pink dress and a pearl bracelet. She went and had her hair styled with the bride. Rick thought she was the most beautiful girl in the wedding.
He heard sirens behind him. Ron was pulled out of the car. The paramedic put Ron on a a huge stretcher!
Mr Ever got bored. He jokingly threw down the final piece. They ended up finishing it fast.
He put lots of flowers in it and watered them daily. Soon, it was a beautiful display! The hanging basket was a great addition.
His parents wanted him to wear them for luck on the first day of kindergarten. But when his parents put them on he got a shock. Jo had outgrown his lucky shoes - they didn't fit!
She was shocked when LuLu dropped the squirrel in her hands. LuLu proceeded to treat the squirrel like it was her puppy. The family ended up adopting the squirrel, naming it Fido.
He didn't like exercising or eating healthy, or his friends. So he chose to find new friends like him. Now he's a lot happier with people who don't tell him what to do.
So before bed, she braided her hair. In the morning she cut the braids. As she'd hoped, she now had soft, short hair!
She tried very hard to convince herself to change her ways. For a very long time she would not. She'd changed her mind when Alice gave birth to her mixed grandchild.
Kathy didn't get an estimate to fix her roof. The estimates didn't exist. Kathy was proud.
It worked, my garden grew strong and healthy. I looked out one night and someone tried to steal one of my flowers. Good thing I had the wired fence, they couldnt steal my plants.
At work, he told people about running through a park he had never been to. Jogging through the park and taking it in, he tripped on old pavement. Falling to his hands and knees, he scratched up his legs badly.
I went to the store and saw 15 different kinds of orange. I was sweating because I didn't know what to get. I quickly grabbed all of them so that I wouldn't be wrong.
He got drunk get their house. Maria, his friend, saw this behavior. She was at his parents house but didn't tell on him.
Like most teens, Tie Dye is quite the challenge to lead. His home life is unstable and his temperament always reflects that. He's a great guy but he needs to grow up quickly.
The next day the principal called Josh into the office. Josh's teacher had reported he was gone for a long time. Josh admitted to doing the cleaning.
Inside, she found the most perfect new phone ever. Her mother in law had given her the great gift. Judy thanked her for being so considerate.
Her parents taught her there's no need to be afraid. Elena's older brother also helped her to overcome her fear. She learned to count backwards really fast if she ever feels fearful again.
The fitness store had the perfect pair of shorts. She purchased them on her way to the campground. When she got there she realized she bought the wrong size.
He couldn't wait to invite his friends over. He would have a pool party and show them around. He called them to come over as soon as they could.
The first couple of of days he didn't ride far. One day went he went to the beach drove for miles. He was tired at the end of the day.
As he walked closer he noticed that it was next to a badly decayed human body. Chris grabbed his cellphone and called the police. That was the last time Chris went hunting there.
But he was 17 and too old. The teachers talked to him. They thought he was not ready due to his old age.
She packed all her warm weather clothes and her umbrella behind. When Jean got to the river, the bottom fell out and it poured. Jean was glad she was prepared.
The class made him work too hard. The labs were too difficult to do. Brandon gave up on the work and got an F.
He also had to make more and began dropping fries into the deep fat fryer. When he dropped the fries the grease flew in the air. Dane burned his arm with the grease.
Most of his snapchats are of him doing everyday normal things like throwing out the trash. Last night he snapchatted photos of him taking a poop. I stopped following Joe on Snapchat.
Elizabeth was happy and managed to say hello. She then had a conversation with her good friend. Elizabeth got closer to her friend that day.
It was a difficult hike and Lily felt her breathing get heavy. Despite being tired, she persevered. Lily felt very accomplished when she reached the end.
He saw a flyer for a new organic produce market in his neighborhood that had supplements as well. He decided to start buying his groceries and supplements there. That was three weeks ago, and he's already lost three pounds.
The mother was still angry and told him to go away. Sadly, Sam's friend went home and told his mother the situation. She comforted him.
She was very happy that the food was tasty and cheap. I offered to pay and she insisted that she'd pay. I told her I would pay next week.
He had seen a small town in the distance. He plotted a course for that town. He got food and water in the town.
He decided to go set things up the night before the grand reopening. He brought balloons and even some souvenirs for patrons. The next day, he watched the customers happily.
A jacket warmed her up. She started feeling a little better. She got the strength to get out of bed.
Jennifer found a gluten free diet online and started. She detoxed and purged her system of gluten for two weeks. Afterwards Jennifer felt much better.
She had tried and tried for so long before the hearing aids to get people to love her. But despite her best intentions she had never managed to attract anyone to her. Now with friends she joined them and got a dog who loved her instantly.
Her husband played video games and watched TV all the time. Unfortunately her son was not calm just like his father. She was disappointed her son wasn't more like his dad.
Next week, she used a high pressure water pik to clean my teeth. Luckily, I had no cavities or gum disease. I left for home pleased.
When she went to class the next day, she didn't feel ready. She turned in her test last. When the grades were posted, she made a bad score.
My Amazon app said the book I dropped off was worth $5. I was going to buy it when I saw it was old. I didn't buy the book.
He changed into his work clothes and went out the door. He drove very normally to make up for gained time. When he arrived, he realized it was the weekend and didn't have work!
She loved relaxing under the sheets. The sheets were warm and soft against her skin. Kate could lay in that bed forever.
Mary bought the size of shoes she thought would fit. The crocs fit her daughter perfectly. Mary wouldn't need to return her shoes to the store.
When they got to the monkey exhibit it was closed anyway. Tim was glad and Tim's dad bought him some cotton candy. The cotton candy was good and Tim forgot all about the monkeys.
He loaded up his car with his pole, bobbers and lures. He set out to catch some fish. He loved fishing with his new fishing pole.
Since he was adjusting his music, he didn't notice her. Ben ran as quickly as he ran. He pulled the lady out and returned her wallet.
To improve his chance of making the captain of the team he began to bulk up. Jamie spent time lifting weights and eating healthy. Jamies hard work paid off he was able to become the team captain.
She wrapped the ribbons carefully. Then she put them in bags. Her friends loved them!
Peter walked back outside to look at the wall. He stepped back into the wall he had painted. Peter got paint all over the back of his shirt.
The picture was of a tropical island. When she turned it over, the back was a ticket to see Taylor Swift. She went to the concert and had a fantastic time.
The next week there was a traffic jam and she knew she wouldn't make it. By the time Sarah got there class was almost over. She and her parents learned their lesson not to miss so many classes.
She was almost done when a friend showed up at her door. They spent the whole afternoon together having fun. When her friend left, Irene was tired but finished cleaning her apartment.
She was sad when she saw all the animals that lived there. She wanted them all to find homes. She worked hard to help them succeed.
I tried to eat more of it today. It had started to taste sour. I had to throw the package away.
He had never seen the baseball before. He went to the store and got a baseball glove. Now, when the ball flies by he can catch it in the glove.
The homeless man took off running when the gun sounded. He raced around the track. It was a strange finish!
I knew exactly what to do. It was a little scary. Thank God it never hit the ground.
He wished he could buy all the sweet treats he loved. Instead he just looked around and then went back to his hotel. Will had a great trip!
She went on them and stayed hanging upside down for 20 minutes! Her legs were so tired she couldn't hang anymore! Grace asked her mom to carry her home.
A month earlier, she applied antibiotic cream to a burn. Then she covered it for a few days. Soon Nia's burn looked much better!
John accidentally left his book behind while visiting a friend. John got a call from his friend's uncle, a big time book editor. The uncle told John he read the book and really liked it!
Tired of having to spell it out, Wilberforce decided to shorten his name. He now participated in the rodeo as Wilber. The other cowboys could spell that.
It was a decent leather couch. She couldn't wait to put it in her living room. She had saved for months for this normal couch.
I could still cut cable, and make minor repairs. I could tell people thought I was effective and helpful. When I found my Leatherman I was content.
The stars and moon shined bright in the night summer sky. Jason and Suzy's hands intertwined as Jason leaned in for a kiss on their walk home. As Jason and Suzy kissed, it was as if the whole world stopped.
While on the couch, her dog jumps on her. He was flying through the air. Megan was happy there were no injuries.
When she walked outside she realized her car was gone so she decided to call a cab. The cab came and took her to work, but when she returned home her car was back. Her husband had taken her car this whole time!
I saw 50 Shades of Grey on her kitchen table and joked about it. She said her mother in law had just read it. We laughed about my in-law.
That player stopped the other player from getting a touchdown! Keith's team cheered and celebrated. It was such an exciting game!
All I had to do is comment on twenty posts within a Facebook page. It's a page that posts coupons and other deals online for free. In return, they promised me a $50 e-gift card every Friday, but I never received it.
They bought a dozen bags of flour for the project. Ten of the bottles had holes in them, flour went everywhere. The kids were in big trouble!
Excitedly, I turned the music up louder. Sadly, another neighbor down the block called the police on us. After a hefty fine, I never played loud music again.
Today Mischa and his wife came out of a cab. He shook my hand and smiled. He said someone in Spain told him to shake hands in the USA.
She was starting to warm up. She decided that she needed even more. Cindy could never truly be warm!
He has been with me since he was born. I am glad it will be a whole day. I know he will adjust well.
Talk of the town was that she practiced witchcraft and was evil. Everyone knew the real Lisa, a mean spirit that hated everyone. She was judged correctly because of her appearance and it happens a lot.
Her neighbor's dog was just as in love and expressed this with chewing. Lenny was extremely dismayed-his gift was ruined! But Monica didn't mind, because this would mean even newer shoes!
Swarthanger screamed and told him not to attack him. He said he would buy him an ice cream cone if he didn't. The man insisted it be Rocky Road, and they both went to get the ice cream.
Last week she got received a scholarship to a performing arts school This week she focused on all things dance related before her first day of class. Lulu eventually becomes one of the top ballerinas in the world.
There was so much information presented in so little time. I tried taking notes. I am not sure I will remember it all.
Quinn wanted to her best friends to come as well. But they would have to pay. Quinn's friends weren't able to get tickets.
The book pulled in Sue so much he stopped paying attention to her mom. Eventually she stopped reading and looked for her mom. Once she finished the chapter, Sue was freed from the book's spell.
He went to play in the dirty playground. There was a lot of mud. So at the end of the day, he got more mud all over his uniform.
They threw bread crumbs to the fish. The fish gobbled the crumbs up. The kids ran home to get more for them.
Eddie thought this was a blessing in disguise. Eddie found an attractive Mexican women. The two ran off together and he forgot about his whale of an ex-wife.
They noticed Connor did not start the fight. His parents were not called. Connor was thankful his teachers saw what really happened.
He decided to loiter in the airport lobby. He met a friend there named Scarlet. Bill and Scarlet stayed up the whole night talking.
He decided to not donate anything to the homeless people. Several people living on the streets saw him not catch their attention. He gave $0 dollars to each person.
But Max decided to get a job as a paperboy to earn his own money. He saved all of his money that he earned daily. Eventually Max was able to purchase his whole family bikes.
A car drove by me and was swerving all over the road. My walk to work took much longer than I expected it would. I finally arrived at work an hour later for my shift.
Our first hour there, my son got sick and threw up. I stayed by him on the bench. Luckily he got better in an hour and ended up having a great time.
He took out his water bottle. It was full. The man had to keep drinking to make it lighter.
She found a recipe online that used egg whites instead. Bella luckily had many eggs on hand. She was surprised to find the egg white omelette delicious!
Dan's friends told him this was a terrible idea. After two weeks, And had sold three hundred ice creams. Dan decided not to listen to his friends in the future.
He practiced especially hard on his jump shot. Johnny went to try-outs. But failed the team.
After my cousin blew the candles out, he pressed on the brownie. His hands were filled with brownie pieces. Before he got a chance to eat, I had to clean him up.
They each got one of the new mountain bikes. At first they were happy! They were able to share the prize evenly!
So he tried to eat healthier food and exercise. And eventually, he lost 20 pounds. During graduation, everyone felt ashamed when Ray showed off his new body.
She immediately took the jewelry to a professional. Luckily, they were able to get her a genuine ring. Soon, Amanda's ring was genuine and in perfect condition.
She tried different scenarios on test audiences with no luck. One night she saw her aunt Gangie in the midst of an adorable makeover. Her new horror movie about a deranged aesthetician was a huge hit.
The construction website was blocked, but he got around it. Art almost got all the way through the website, when his computer shut down. He received a call being warned, Art apologized and blocked the website.
One day, he was walking along the beach and noticed seashells. He gathered as many of them as he could and painted them. And every weekend, he sold the seashells that he painted.
The brother then died. After watching the movie, I went to an Indian store. I bought a Ladoo and ate it.
She tried writing down plans. The lady felt better when she had plans to follow. She was determined to check off each item.
Her dad cut out round holes in the ground to put the poles. They ordered a twenty five foot rope online. Now she swings so high it feels like flying.
Now Stanley pushes others down. He kicks and punches others. Stanley became a bully.
Her blog received a paltry trickle of professors visiting. More upsetting was the fact that it garnered no comments. Sarah later found success blogging about celebrity dresses.
By August we realized we were just too sentimental. We decided to put money into renovations instead. We transformed the house so it was just as good as a new one.
Her parents were out of town. She took herself to the bike store. She decided to buy herself a brand new bicycle.
Yesterday she hit grandma with a cup. She had been drinking from her cup and got upset when grandma tried to take her cup.. My daughter was not amused while we laughed.
Eric kept walking and was surprised to see a carnival at the mall. He played lots of games and won a few prizes. Eric went home and was very happy.
James tried to drive fast but the car had a poor performance. It wasn't long before James decided to change his car. He got a faster sports car.
Ben was very calm since the breakup was over the phone. He sent flattering photos of her to everyone in their school. Everyone contacted Hannah to compliment her.
Her parents said they should break up. Meagan started dating a boy named Zach a year ago. She wasn't lonely before that.
She said yes! We spent an awful evening together. We were polite but distant at work from then on.
She dreamed of becoming a firefighter herself. As soon as she could, she joined the volunteer fire department. Today she is a firefighter and paramedic in a big city.
Unfortunately, she continued having a very bad game. She decided to give the last few minutes her best try. She didn't get one goal, and she ended the game feeling ashamed of herself.
He got some people together. They had a meeting in the middle school auditorium. They came up with some fundraising ideas
When her father died, Lisa inherited a large amount of money. In retirement, Lisa went back to school to study architecture. Lisa found fulfillment with her retirement studies.
ITunes wouldn't let me transfer my music. I would have had to reformat all of my music to get it to work anywhere else. Even after I did that, nearly a quarter of my music would have been missing.
Lauren decides she has been paid enough money. She has a friend who is selling their newer car. Lauren buys the new car and never looks back.
We discounted this as that is what she always says. Then a friend claimed she had a dream about this. We laughed at all the normals in the family.
They couldn't find motivation to clean the house beforehand. The delivery men had to wade through a cluttered hallway. Now my brother and his wife can can at least begin sleeping again.
Gerry kept reading the story. His son fell asleep. It did its job.
The farm children loved the scared little piggy, he was like a pet. The next day the children ran to the pen to see their new friend. They were heartbroken when dad told them the piggy had died.
He smiled and looked out at the ocean while waiting for the hot dog. A seagull swooped down and took the hot dog right from the mother's hand. The boy sat down and sobbed while staring at his mother's empty hotdog bun.
She wanted to see her at work one last time. She stayed for a while, and chatted with the crew. My wife was pleased.
But Donald cheated and deceived every one of his customers. When Donald was convicted of fraud, his customers got angry with him. Donald got death threats from his jail cell from the customers.
The model railroads were very intricate systems. They built tracks and bridges. They wanted to expand the railroad through the whole house.
After I tried to talk, I started to cough. The coughing continued until the end of the night. I had to take pills in order to heal the coughing.
She knew she wouldn't lose. She went onto the field proudly. Ultimately she won, she was very happy.
They thought she would enjoy all the rides. But noticed as soon as she felt sick. They got her home so that she wouldn't throw up in front of everyone.
She still decided to go see a movie that would end after 11pm. When she got home her parents were awake to yell at her even though she told them she would be late. She was grounded from her phone for a week, she won't miss it again.
I never think about printing them out when I am out. I am going to print a few tomorrow. I hope I remember.
Once at the front of the line, she ordered an Acai bowl instead. It had been awhile since she'd eaten one. Mowgli sat outside and enjoyed her sweet treat.
He spent all summer lifting weight and doing baskets. He gained ten pounds of muscle and became very fast. He ended up making the team and becoming the star player.
We bought the lamp. She let me get the game too. The lamp was cheaper than she thought it would be.
He could eat it every day! It wasdelicious. He told all his friends about the great new food he'd discovered.
He didn't care if boys had long hair. So on afternoon his dad took him to the barber. That day Jimmy got instructions on how to grow his hair out.
Larry decided to fix his bat. He fixed his bat and sold it to a friend still on the team. Larry used his money to buy a video game.
Everyday the kids cried for the death of their dad. One day Mary came home with a puppy as a gift for her children. The kids were no longer crying tears of sadness, but tears of joy.
Harold couldn't wait to put them in his new closet. His clothes were very special to him. When he got there, they were the first thing he unpacked.
The next day, we had dinner at an Italian restaurant and played volleyball. I tried to hug her before leaving. However, she swayed away and told me that she was taken.
Instead of slowing down, the motorcycle accelerated. Terry turned left to avoid being hit. He landed in several rocks and injured himself.
Yesterday, my wife's supervisor Cate started a three day vacation. She left the president several notes and told him in person. That day, the president asked my wife to fill in for Cate.
I said I would happily eat it all on any occasion. Time went on and my friends would buy it for me. Little did they know, I really didn't care for the popcorn either.
I took the Amtrak train to Maine. I had lunch at a local bar in Portland. I took the afternoon train home.
They started a band named Clay. They recorded a song. Now the song's on the radio!
Edward got new shoes and began walking 1 mile a day every day. Edward was able to lose a lot of weight. Edward wasn't able to become the star of the soccer team.
At halftime and they were still losing. John came back and gave a great speech to motivate his team. They turned it around in the second half and won the game.
But then she saw what drudgery acting really was. The rehearsals and constant practice tired other performers out. Judy decided acting really wasn't for her, after all.
Kay didn't pick up the cat's mess. An officer on patrol gave Kay a warning. Kay picked up the cat's mess.
One afternoon, Genie got spooked and threw Kelly to the ground. Kelly suffered a broken arm, but knew it could have been a lot worse. Recovery took months, but afterwards she got right back on her horse.
James had full control of his plane. The plane crashed into a tree. James walked over to the tree to salvage the parts of his plane.
Katelyn walked over to her desk. Her desk was covered in apples from students. This made Katelyn a little emotional.
She did not do her state required shadowing. She did not do her student teaching. Lisa never got her state teaching certificate.
She looked it up and hated the thought! But she knew there was no backing out of it. Anna nerved herself up and starting planking!
When he ate he got mean. Amber felt she needed the gun for protection. However, her husband stopped eating so much and she never bought the gun.
John worked as many hours as he could. John saved up almost eight thousand dollars over three months. John got his new car a turbocharger prior to starting college that Fall!
He worked tirelessly to uncover the ancient bone. When Daniel turned the bone right side up he found skin. Daniel sold his discovery and lived a very rich life.
So she went to bed. Her mom told her the past to go to bed. So she listened so she wouldn't have to give up a toy, so she was trained to go to bed.
Mr Jones strikes up a conversation. He said she was beautiful. I asked her out and she said yes.
Jackson went to his first class at the new dojo. Jackson learned how to kick and block. In spite of what the fortune teller apparently told him, Jackson was excited to finish his first karate class.
One day as she was demonstrating she fell flat on her butt. She was so embarrassed she ran away crying. The mistake made her learn everyone falls, even in the spotlight.
She also visited her grandma to practice with her. When she was fluent, she took a trip to France. And she visited the place where her ancestors had come from.
Carol wanted to watch something funny. Abby wanted to watch a serious drama. Since they couldn't agree, they both went separately.
She fell asleep, so she spilled milk. It went all over her dress, She then had to clean it up.
They couldn't decide on who would pay for snacks. They decided a coin toss would help them choose. Jill won the coin toss.
I went anyway to get my things and my manager stood up like she was going to give a small speech. She said lots of glowing things, except she got my name wrong. I've been working at that place for two years now.
Several coconuts fell after he shook a branch. My mom helped him open a few to drink. However, the coconuts were dry and contained no fluid.
He hadn't played before and this year the odds were less favorable. Todd didn't buy a ticket on Friday. The next morning he learned that the numbers he would have played won.
He had to hire people to move the rocks before he could build his house there. The carved out the land enough for him to put up a nice house. He loves it and is always relaxing there.
He headed towards the nearest fast food place. But the food tasted odd and barely helped his hunger. When he got home he felt very weak and sick.
He decided to give it a try as well. He walked slowly to the edge. Then he plunged right in!
The storm made him want to exercise inside. He put on his shoes and ate a quick breakfast. Then he exercised inside and had a great day!
She loved the long days. She also loved the warm nights and days. Pearl couldn't wait for June!
They were expected to lose by a lot. The athletes were all very happy. They vowed to win again next year.
She stopped in a store to buy matches Thestore was very dirty. Darcy decided to buy matches at the next store she went to.
He decided he did not want to eat before the movie. Rob was full by the end of the movie. All he had to pay for was his tickets and snacks.
The internet directed Merdis to the city's Election Board. The website explained in detail to Merdis what her options were. Merdis decided to vote herself in as a candidate in the upcoming race.
All she found was a tin can. Kaya knew how common and useless they were. She resolved to throw them in the recycling bin.
She thought the insects were cool. Mr Zacker liked the caveman display. Everyone had fun.
I started to get ready and before I knew it, it was time to go. My mother said goodnight to me. I snuck out my bedroom window and went to the movies.
She tried to ask them what music it was without success. As there wasn't much she could do to get their attention, she stopped trying to ask. A month later, the neighbors moved and she was dissapointed.
He recently bought a blue car and he couldn't figure out the problem while he worked on it. He called his friend and they worked all night on it. The next day Fred was zooming across town in his new working car.
When the line started moving, she ran into the store. She grabbed a can of her coffee before anyone else. But when it was time to pay, she was last and waited a long time.
A guy named John told Brad he couldn't sit next to him. By the end of the evening, Brad was feeling sad and uncomfortable. He didn't return the next week.
Ben was relieved that he didn't have to make some tough decisions. He decided to get checkups regularly. After 1-2 years, he was still cancer free.
They looked through pages of horror movies and shows. They had finally decided to watch Castle Rock together. They loved the show so much that they binged watched the entire season.
Instead Rudy went into the park and collected sticks and branches. At home, he crumpled up newspaper in the fireplace. He lay the kindling on the newspaper and lit the fire.
The police came asked him all about what was taken. He told Shawn they would try to get an arrest. The police got to work immediately.
I called the cops and let them know what happened. They investigated, found a eye witness and turns out it was my boyfriend's brother's girlfriend who did it. Now everyone I know is mad at me for getting her into trouble.
He never paid his rent. So his landlord got fed up. And kicked him out of the apartment.
He called his boss to apologize. The boss hadn't realized he wasn't at work. The boss thanked him and told him to rest up.
She started as a grunt, the lowest level. But soon she advanced rapidly. Soon Aya was an expert boxer, and a skilled combatant!
The citizens fled the area thinking they were gunshots. They all took cover in their homes. It had been a very scary day for them.
Their car crashed and was so smashed it shut down. Jake called a tow truck to take car the persons car the junkyard. Their car was totalled.
The neighborhood went dark. They decided to drive to a nearby city to buy a power generator. They went to Best Buy immediately to buy it.
His party was gonna be a big hit! Ethan had had the foresight to hire a DJ. Everyone partied all night.
This time I had to write down the package measurements. I had to find a ruler. I hope this is not a new procedure.
After the movie, they pulled out a photo album to show us some of their family. I stupidly commented on the weight of one of the women. It was the woman who was showing us the picture before her surgery.
Anthony found her very pretty, and liked her body. Anthony turned around and his wife looked very upset. Anthony's wife saw him checking out the other woman.
Her parents took her to see the penguins Molly loved them. She was happy she went to the zoo
Soon she had become mentally sick. She didn't want to go home, but the counselors made her. Luckily she felt much healthier once she got some rest at home.
She also found some bugs and buildings to take pictures of. She then found a cute rat. She had a fun time.
Meanwhile another car pulled into the parking lot. Cal felt guilty because the cart was now in the way. He moved the cart out of the way so the car could park.
Everyday, they worked on their chess skills. They played over and over. Then they grew up to become chess experts!
I turned on the light and sure enough there was a cat in my laundry basket. I panicked and grabbed a squirt gun. I chased him out the door by spraying him with water.
He sauteed the chicken and added butter. He mixed it in with pasta. The diners raved about the chicken!
The friends all brought bottles of wine. They all played and drank into the night. It was a great time!
He is not popular, as he is arrogant. He had been away, but returned yesterday. I saw him walking right past the concierge, who was indifferent.
She'd only stay in contemplation for minutes at a time. Until one day she felt the presence of her late mother by her side. She smiled and thanked God for making her wish come true.
Boris complained to the previous owner, who did nothing. Boris decided to move out, even though he had to break his mortgage. He lost his down payment, but he was happy to be free of cockroaches.
A hall monitor told him no running in the hall. The hall monitor laughed and threw Mr Sweeney in a locker. Mr Sweeney started crying at how mean students were.
I asked her why she loved the rain oh so much. She looked at me and smiled, as though she were looking inside of me. She told me that she loved it so much because we met on a rainy day.
Charles estimated the cost to cover his walls with red paint. He decided it would be much cheaper just to blue paint instead. Charles painted his living room blue instead.
She ate her tortilla chips quickly. She ate a brownie for dessert. Theresa was feeling better after eating.
He spent every weekend fishing. He would get paid and go to catch a few tons of fish. Greg was happy to be making money to do the things he loved.
He charged $1.60 for two. He made ten dollars that day. He was very happy with that amount.
Vince was sure no one had blue eyes in his family and so was Rose. His mom called him and told him to check the email she had sent. Inside were pictures of his great grandpa and his eyes were brown too!
She never agonized over her choice, because one card stood out. She had noticed a sparkly blue card tucked in a corner. She had found the perfect card for her sister!
She was going to snapchat a video of her cat snoring. The cat woke up before she could record her anyway. My niece was disappointed.
She couldn't buy any of them. She didn't have them to set the table with that night. They would have looked great!
This irritated her friend. So she decided to confront Tina about it. The woman got mad but did apologize.
Ted ranted to the guys in the bar and found someone less interested. Ted and his lady friend went to a dance club. Robin went to apologize to Ted and kicked in the girl's face.
A vet suggested that the dog stay overnight. Colton followed the vet's suggestions. The vet nursed the dog back to health.
It was raining so heavy. The winds were so strong. I was happy to be at home.
Alvin pulled over and helped the man with his woman troubles in less than an hour. The stranger told Alvin he was the first person to stop and help. He wrote Alvin a check for five hundred dollars as a thank you.
Lydia realized that the copies contained pornography. She started watching the videos. Lydia didn't mind that her the USB had pornography on it.
The family wanted to teach her about American life. They took her to movies and sporting events and community events. The student learned so much!
After a week her foot was still not better. She went to the hospital and got an MRI. She was told she had a broken fracture.
One day, she forgot to pay for a cucumber in her bag. And she had a coupon for it. She went back in the store and paid for it with the coupon.
Later in the morning I found out that I had tried to put a pacifier in his mouth during the night. I don't remember that at all. He thinks it's absolutely hysterical.
She wasn't sure if she would make friends, though. When she saw another girl, she said hello. The girl said hello back and Allie made a new friend.
Today he was not able to walk his dog before going into work. Once he returned he found his dog had gone outside. Jason resolved to walk his dog every day from then on.
The bike got stuck. Greg couldn't get it out himself. Greg got it out with his friend.
Fortunately, he caught himself. He got right back to rollerblading again. He and his friends had a fun day.
Now he can eat unaided 30% of the time. Yesterday, the hospital removed his tube. They are hoping he has regained full functionality.
The park had to close down for maintenance. The park gave her credit for the next day. Kelly returned to the park the next day.
The kids hated seeing the elephants the most. At the end of the day, they were exhausted. It'd been a terrible trip to the zoo!
As he was driving home, he started missing his old toys.. He drove back to the store to try and swap them back. It was too late, a child had already bought them.
It was supposed to be day surgery. His brother-in-law had polio and needed crutches. When he was died he was sedated.
He would find it all fascinating and was eager to learn more. When Crom was older became a botanist. He dedicated his life work to saving and studying plant life.
She called him on his cell phone. Her boyfriend answered right away. Maya began to trust her boyfriend.
He bought his ticket and took a seat. As the plane began to move, Parker relaxed and prepared to go to sleep. He woke up in time to see the sun rise over the Tokyo skyline.
She went on a cruise and at each stop Dawn attended activities that she had paid for. During one particular stop she got to swim with dolphins. It became one of the most memorable moments of her life.
Years later, Wes was curious as to what Mr. Harris was doing. Wes learned from the internet that he was now a superintendent. Wes was happy that Mr. Harris had had a successful career.
It was so hot that she absolutely couldn't sleep. She went to her closet and changed into a tank top and short shorts. Luckily that cooled her up perfectly enough to catch some sleep.
When his mother dropped him off at his grandma's, Patrick frowned. His grandma met him at the door and told him she had a surprise. There was a new gaming system with games set up for him to play.
I walked all the way to the long path. It took me a mile. Then I realized I had passed them there and I felt rather stupid.
She made a big, beautiful portrait. She gave it to her mother. She loved it!
Spending the last three months preparing for his new job, this was it. Boarding the train, he noticed something strange about the inside. He had hopped on the wrong color train, and would be late.
So Rich was shocked the first time he caught her doing drugs. At first he despaired, worrying he might lose control of her behavior. But after rehab, Mellie got back on track.
Suddenly he dropped the bagel He picked up and and threw it in the trash. He got on his flight hungry
I thought it was going to be a draw. But I found that if I moved my king one way I could force a victory. I did so, and Joe resigned.
She climbed on it and settled in. The pony was great on the trail. Rachel had a great time!
Instead they got beer. The beer was amazing! Everyone had fun.
It was a nice, wet mud. My husband and daughter went outside to play. They built her first mud sculpture and it was bigger than she was!
He waited very eagerly for the computer to turn on. Jimmy saw the load screen turn on his new computer. Jimmy finished set up on his new computer and started to go to work.
But they did not make it past that. His skills weren't good enough to play in college. He wished he could've earned a basketball scholarship.
He didn't need his fake ID that hid his age. George had a blast dancing in the club all night. At the end,he called a cab home and no one was the wiser.
Next week, a big dump truck accidentally dumped tons of dirt in a pile in his yard. Biff did everything he could to spread the dirt and use it up. Five months later, he has a nice dirt sculpture in his yard.
Bob negotiated with his coworker to carpool. Bob agreed to buy him lunch. Now he has a ride all week!
Spike was not very cooperative. He kept pulling on his leash. But at least Ian got twenty dollars for it.
She listened to my warning. When the good weather hit, she played with her toys all over the neighborhood. Now she is very happy.
I wasn't sure if I'd ever actually date exclusively but now I am. We've even exchanged the silly pet names and consider it exclusive. I didn't think I'd ever call someone my girlfriend and feel so much.
I was very badly hurt, both mentally and physically. That day I broke my ankle and tore all of the ligaments and tendons. That moment was the start of sixty surgeries and countless pain.
I decided to make my own meal with the perfume to give to her. I mixed peaches, watermelon and cherries in a bowl. I realized that this would make the perfect fruit salad.
Finally, it was time to board. The mom was too nervous after the delays. She refused to get on.
The water was violent and energized as they got out. They held each other as they almost slipped and drowned in the lake. Charles and Dori will never forget that night.
I called my friend to get to work. He took me to my motorcycle. My motorcycle wouldn't even work.
Jenna called 911, and the fire department arrived. They made sure Jenna and everyone else was doing okay. Jenna was given a gift certificate to apologize for the incident.
At first he was afraid of the pet. Luckily, he fell in with the kitten quickly. They were best friends from then on.
They had scored each performer. When a winner was chosen other that Andrew, it was announced. Everyone know it was rigged.
When she sat in class, she realized in her next class they were going to study lizards! She got so grossed out, but tried to hide it. She then just decided to go to the bathroom for the whole period.
But he was in for a surprise. Getting hit with paintballs was fun, not painful! Noah woke up covered in bruises the next day!
She carefully studied each bar. She made sure that she had gotten When the weekend came Emily went to the bar she thought was best.
John's sister said at his funeral, they were a great couple. John smiled from his coffin. John got buried.
His classmates didn't know where to find him. Harry stepped in a bees next and screamed for help. Harry was stung by many bees and had to go to the hospital.
She loved going into the yard and getting vegetables every day. She started making salads every day! Emily loved life on the farm.
The library is winding up their summer programs. My niece threw a party for everyone yesterday. They had fun playing in an inflatable gym.
She started writing him letters everyday. The messages got longer. She sent a copy of the messages to her best friend, who approved.
One day, Tim escaped his cage and ran into the stands. Tim ate all the junk food that was left behind. This was the best day of Tim's life.
Since the salary for that job seemed good, I decided to check out another position at the company. I mainly carried boxes around for two hours. The boss told us that we're going to be paid in a week, which is bad.
He went to the hospital in an ambulance. The doctor anesthetized him and set the bone. Harold eventually felt relief.
Louis was fuming and wanted to retaliate. But in the end, he realized his assistant was good and funny. They became friends and Louis changed his view about Hispanic people.
She was tiny and white. Gia took her home and spoiled her. They made the perfect pair!
He opened the cupboard and reached for the bag of flour. However, he slipped and stumbled across the kitchen floor. The bag of flour opened and spilled everywhere.
When the poachers arrived they killed all of the animals around him. The poor bear had no one but himself for the cold and sad winter. He died of what they say was heartbreak for he was all alone.
She got closer with her friends, and kept watching. After a while, the monkey got closer to the cage door. He grabbed the basketball and threw it into the cage at them.
When she got to the cashier to pay, her order was already paid for. Sue decided to leave. She didn't care much for the kind gesture and wanted to get out.
She realized she'd never have been able to sleep in the heat. She also took the blankets off of her bed. The cool air relaxed her and she slept.
He spread them out around his yard. It looked so much better! He couldn't wait to get started on the front.
I asked her if she actually liked me. She said she did. I asked her to go to prom with me.
Then on her first day of senior year, her dad gave her a gift. He had saved all summer to buy her another laptop! Kay was so happy she almost cried.
A few minutes ago I played a 1600 opponent. I lost, expectedly, and got my rating down to 1130. I was very upset.
They just celebrated their 50th year of marriage and had a big party. 3 months later she broke the news to her family that she was never happier. She wanted to continue to be married if she lived to 170.
He found many different ones in a nearby city. He narrowed it down to three. He managed to get one not too far away from school.
I sent out invitations with a video game theme to all of my friends. Everyone showed up and we played video games all day. I learned that my birthday should be a yearly games convention.
The dog caught the rabbit twice and let it go each time. One day the rabbit ran under the fence. The rabbit managed to get away.
Kenny was mad and ran towards him. When Orion tried to make a lay-up, Kenny tried to block it. The ball went through the basket for two points.
The sound of the garage door opening alerted Annabelle's ear to perk up. Annabelle arose and ran towards the door. She found her mom standing there with a treat in hand.
He was distracted by something in the distance. Lonnie crashed into a metal sign. The wreck clipped his ear off.
The straps broke and he felt a pull in his back. Terry was in pain and saw a doctor. The doctor said Terry had strained his back.
They waited quietly behind a bush for them to go by. They started throwing balloons as soon as they heard someone coming. Unfortunately it was not the boys but Eddie's mother walking by.
Those details made it seem like I had made the listing. My brother later told me he did it to get back at me. Apparently owing him $500 is worth confusing my wife.
I lost track of time. I was late for my curfew. I got in trouble.
Bethany started to look up videos of knitting. Soon she was a master! Her mother was proud of her.
A search party went out to look for her in Macy's. People hollered her name and waved flashlights around. She was eventually found stuck in a clothing rack.
She crams right up until the start of the test. She finishes the test. She gets an A on her test.
Her phone then rang and she answered and said , I can't talk now there's a cute guy on the elevator. Then she turned to me and smiles and said sorry for lying. Thanks for the confident boost lady.
George was driving down the road. He passed a cop. He was happy he already had fixed the windshield.
Then she ended up in the mosh pit! She was shocked and hurried to get out of it. Anna decided concerts were obnoxious - and mosh pits were worse!
We were throwing it over the house to each other. The ball did not always make it over. We lived in a two story house.
Only a few people came to the party. Calvin realized he only had desserts. He ordered a few pizzas for his guests.
The storm came and they were covered in snow. Bailey and her friends were scared. They were very thankful when her father's car passed by and picked them up.
She is going all by herself. She got to the camp and set up the tent. Martha enjoys her time camping.
Even though Lena couldn't speak, the nurse would talk to her for hours when she was adminstered medicine. Soon, Lena woke up from her coma and was released from the hospital. They stayed friends for 20 years after she left.
She looked in her gymbag for her towel. When she couldn't find it, she knocked on her neighbor's door. She borrowed her towel and was very thankful.
Before succeeding at clipping them Todd had been trying for a while. The dog thrashed around and tried to get away. Todd ended up being scratched before clipping all of them.
They were so worried when they got home. Their house was engulfed in flames and they lost everything. They were very sad and had to rebuild their home.
To make him feel better they bought him a snow cone. It started melting immediately. The family was sticky and wet by the time they made it home.
The MFA had recently opened a new branch. We took our time, and spent two hours to walking around. I was very pleased I went.
Jamie had missed her home and family. She hugged her mom. Jamie was glad to be home.
This would happen every day, and was even the same dog. They played together every morning and became best friends. They ignored the predator and prey aspect and stayed buddies.
They took a long walk up to the grocery store. They were closed! The kids walked home empty handed.
Dave knew he wasn't speeding, but he was nervous anyway. Another cop came along and talked to the first cop. They had pulled over the right car and Dave wasn't free to go.
He also had to sign up for an unfamiliar class, pottery. At first he was wary, but soon he realized that he loved pottery. Mason was so glad to have picked up a new hobby.
One day he thought he could play a trick on a friend. He tried to kiss a girl while his friend saw. Kenny found their reactions hilarious.
He appeared to have two horns on his head. Emily's mind raced and she hid under the covers. It was actually just the floor lamp in the living room.
He was good enough to he added to a special league with more games. Kate hoped this would make him continue to love it. Instead he was extatic that it meant he had more games to play.
I told him I also had a friend who had broken his foot. It was very hard to heal and he had to go to an inpatient rehabilitation center. Luckily we finally got better.
The new transfer student claimed that he was faster than John John definitely showed him who was the best. The new transfer student was humbled in defeat and glad to have new competition.
He is having a great time. The roller coaster goes upside down. Kevin falls out of the simulated ride but doesn't hurt himself.
Sarah wondered when she would read her new book. Sarah saw a cafe across the street. Sarah now has a place to read!
She started out great but suddenly there was a collision on the track. Instead of helping, she ran past the fallen runner and kept going. She epitomizes the selfish spirit and will never be our champion.
But I had to show off and try again, but I slipped the next time. I had seen my cat do it all the time. I thought it would be fun to climb it.
While waiting for it to dry, she looked at the tv. The tattoo artist told her Ryan Lochte lied about being mugged. Gemini regretted getting the tattoo.
It could not be fixed The family decided to go for a bicycle ride together They had so much fun they never got their Xbox fixed
She will pay for what she had done, and will let me watch TV. She will know the pain she has caused me. I will destroy her with no remorse and never think of her again.
While walking he saw a shiny quarter on the street. He bent down to pick it up, and let go of the popped balloon. Ollie watched with sadness while the balloon landed on the ground.
They had to meet and talk about wedding plans. They talked about the wedding night. My daughter wishes everything to go well for them.
One day though, he felt his leg snap. Jake could not move and was carried off the field. Jake broke his leg in two places and cannot play football any longer.
The transmission was going. Luckily it was under warranty After a few hours they were able to replace it.
One night, he was told to come to a party. Brandon decided to sneak out of his house that was abnormal for him. When he came back, he was caught by his parents and grounded.
Heights excited her! She loved taking in the scenary. it was breathtakingly beautiful!
That day he slipped on the board and fell. He was so embarrassed! He decided not to dive in public anymore.
They waited a long time for the day of their trip. When it arrived, they got even more excited. They hadn't had a vacation in years!
It was in great condition but he thought he could still clean it up. Several weeks of hard work returned the shed to a higher quality. Jimmy enjoyed his private work space for years to come.
That night she went with her dad and practiced driving for two hours. Upon arriving home, her father asked her to open the trunk. Inside the trunk, her father had left a good luck letter for her.
Adam was about to graduate. A tennis league offered him a tennis contract. Adam accepted the contract and played in the league.
They had never been to this downtown before. They rode through the town all the way down to the river. They had so much fun that they decided to return the next day.
The friend did not agree to let Kirk use his camera. Kirk left the camera at school, and somebody stole it. Kirk had to pay his friend for a new camera.
She read seven books in the next three days. Then eight books in one day. Linda didn't make her deadline but she was proud of reading so much.
Another shopper with a full cart asked if he could go ahead of her. Adele agreed. The man was rewarded for being the ten thousandth customer.
She was grateful. Finally she got to stay home alone like she wanted. She decided she liked being alone.
She was a fussy child. We begged her for an hour to stay in her seat so we could drive home. Finally we bribed her with candy so she ended up sitting still.
The next day Ted decided to construct a building with columns. Ted's friend seemed like he was going to yell and realized it was genius. Ted managed to gain a new career.
Of all the things we've talked about, she remembers he speaks French. The ride home was the most fun thing I've ever done. I'm pretty sure the guy wants to date me now, too.
One night he stayed at a neighbor's house too late for any logical reason, but insisted. Tommy, the oldest son, had a bad feeling and called the police. When they arrived they found knives and sedatives on the cable dude.
She was not getting any gifts. Her parents forgot her birthday. She didn't get the new toy she wanted.
She ate their new style of hot dog and actually liked it. She bought it a few times after that and still enjoyed it. But a week later, she was bored, and had to try something new again.
One day the screen of the game was cracked. Ned told his parents that his brother broke the game. Ned's parents made his brother use his allowance to buy another game.
The songs brought back memories of fun stories and interesting anecdotes. Don smiled and kept driving. The commute was much easier with the songs keeping him company.
Jessica found out by accident when she snooped through his phone. She confronted Mark and he begged for her hand in marriage. Jessica loved Mark and decided to give him a chance and said yes.
I carefully wrapped it and placed it in a safe place. The day of her party I went to get the book and couldn't remember where I hid it. I searched the entire house and it was and is still missing.
He threw a fit and tried to avoid it. His mother held him down. They gave him glasses and he cried a lot.
He checked the laundry for coins. He found his favorite ring in one of his pants. He was glad to check the clothes before placing them in the washing machine.
Nothing happened without it. Gene's power cord was still missing. He was so frustrated!
One day he was invited to a TV show. John was yelled at. He doesn't sing anymore at the local bar.
She got up with a groan. Thankfully it seemed like no damage was done. Anna got back on the horse and kept riding.
Tracy decided to sell her mom's car herself. Tracy had a cousin that was looking for a car. Tracy sold her mom's car to her cousin.
He immediately felt sick after getting home and removing his shoes. Making his way to the bathroom, he jammed his foot into the wall. He broke two toes and had to use crutches for a month. He also had a terrible headache for two days.
One day, Diana met Angela, who also enjoyed trading cards. Before, Diana thought she and Tamora were the only girls who liked them. They all soon became best friends.
Ryan tried eating the tongue. He liked it so much he had seconds. Later, his father asked him if he knew what he had eaten.
He peeked around, looking for a flashlight. He found a box instead and brought it upstairs. He saw he had the wrong box and decided not to go down there in the dark anymore.
Granny patiently waited as the numbers were called. Suddenly Granny noticed the person next to her had a winning card and yelled bingo! The other person won the jackpot and went home with a million dollars.
One day there was a big storm and his new house began shaking. After the storm, the house collapsed on itself. James was forced to call the police for help.
Then she had to get up early to get our car serviced. She wanted to sleep in today but her the baby woke her. I told her she can sleep all day tomorrow.
He went back in to get another cone and still had problems deciding on a flavor. Finally the lady at the counter suggested he get half and half. It was a great solution to his snow cone problem.
She had Grand Marnier but no pineapple juice. She did find orange pineapple juice and her friend said that would be okay. She said the drink was fun.
She stepped confidently to the curb when the truck pulled up. Sally asked for her favorite, an Orange Dream for 50 cents. As the ice cream man was getting change a shadow fell across her back.
But the key maker said he couldn't make Tim a copy! Car keys, he said, could only be obtained through the car dealer. Tim realized it was going to be very expensive for a new key!
They loaded themselves up with pasta and meat. They loved Italian food! They were all so full they could barely move.
Time passed and they played until it got dark. On their way home they noticed a policeman on the corner. They asked him to help them get home and Mom was upset.
Jaspers doctor warned him to cut down on his caffeine intake. When Jasper tried to eliminate caffeine, he felt lethargic and blue. Jasper learned that he functioned best with moderate coffee intake.
While in the bathroom, his tether came loose. Suddenly Barry started to have massive diarrhea. Instinctively, he grabbed hold of a bar with his dear life.
Jesse researched how to get rid of rodents without killing his vegetables. Jesse decided on rodent traps. He went to the store to buy the traps needed for the rodents.
But they gave him some other ideas and he liked them! He invited me to the store to buy the supplies so we went. When we put everything together the party at the park was a big hit!
She would wear an apron over her clothes when she was cooking. Wearing the apron made her feel like a great chef. It also kept her clothes clean and tidy.
They splashed around in the water. They even caught a fish! It was a great day down at the river.
She went to her priest for advice. He advised her that God would forgive her for the divorce. Cindy went ahead with the split and her life improved greatly.
Julie found a stray cat one day on a walk. She took the cat home and named it Toughie. Julie and Toughie lived a long happy life together in her big house.
Since he had plenty of money, he bought what he wanted for lunch. He bought a sandwich and a bag of chips. He saved the rest of his money to take the shuttle home.
All of a sudden there was a scary monster. Suzy was frightened. She ended up closing the door.
She had to try a dress and when she did she felt a sharp pick. The seamstress apologized for poking her with a needle. Suzie decided that she'd had enough for the day.
She never remarried but she started wearing colorful clothes. She buried her black dress as a symbol of moving on. She was the widow who walked the earth with a smile on her face
But as he got closer, he became very nervous. He decided he didn't want to see them anymore. After a long ride home, he regretted not seeing his favorite characters.
The chicken had been lost. It had belonged to a farmer down the road. The farmer would never see him again, but he had found a new home.
When I raise my hand the person sends the waiter over and he smiles and steps closer to me. He whispers in my ear a thank you for the note. Then he tells me that my card is declined.
The man knocked down a shelf of folded tee shirts. Robby spent half the morning refolding the tee shirts. He was in a bad mood the rest of the day.
On her first leave, she decided never to quit. She left town and visited Canada. She knew she had to return, but she didn't care.
Everything she had started burnt though, and went in the trash can. She restarted again with a new recipe. But this time, she made sure she had all the ingredients first.
When he tried to hit it, I lifted my arm and stuck my chest out. The ball landed on my arms and landed on the other side. No one was paying attention and our team scored a point.
Hilda's children took turns taking care of her. Her children decided they could never send her into an assisted living home. Hilda thrived with her children.
Her brother ran up behind her pushing Carla into the pool. Carla was furious with her brother. Her new hair style was ruined.
He wasn't free to sign with any team. His team wined and dined him. He was going to be the best hockey player for his team.
Then, her dad came back from work. He was able to get the dog to talk. Kim didn't have to say anything.
Gina was sad, knowing that she would have to put him to sleep soon. As he got more sick, his health declined. Gina knew it was time to take him to the vet.
I looked in the mirror and saw a big hole in my tooth. I went to the dentist and got my cavity filled. I can eat eat as many meat as I want now.
Unfortunately, she was too far behind to catch up over the summer. Her mom noticed that she was very behind in her studies. Dina didn't realize the consequences until she was told she couldn't graduate.
Dean threw the ball back but it flew into the window of a car passing. The driver of the car stopped and told their parents. Bobby and Dean's parents punished the boys.
One day, a pit bull approached him. And he quickly used his knife. After the pit bull ran away, Zack was glad he had his knife.
Stacy spent hours alone learning how to use the sewing machine. She soon became proficient with using it. Stacy now makes all her own clothing using the new sewing machine.
He'd feed the birds. And when it was time to go home, he'd feed the squirrels. So every week the animals were fed.
They saw the benefits. Nina was happy and made decent money. Nina had all her family's support!
She took it home and put it in a tank. She fed it leafs. She loved having her own butterfly!
Ada felt something hard. She dug around the item to pull it out the ground. Ada was disappointed to see all she found was an old tin cup.
Jane began to switch to the other subway car. Jane had noticed her neighbor did not follow her. Jane felt safe knowing that her neighbor also rides the subway.
When she got to the campsite, she unpacked everything. She realized that she was on a diet. Andrea decided s'mores were a bad idea.
Shawn spins around. Shawn gets dizzy and begins to vomit. The spinning made him sick to his stomach.
Mrs Scherzer's strategies were horrible. Everyone made fun of her. It was an inside joke from then on.
John watched and analyzed films of football plays. John read books on football plays. John tried out and was made a coach!
Cal's friend John went to the movies and sat behind him. He began throwing popcorn at Cal and his date. Cal's friend John ruined his date.
She went to see a nutritionist to see if they could figure out why. The nutritionist said that red meat could be causing a disease. Denise no longer eats red meat.
She went into the classroom. She saw a lot of strangers. She sat next to a girl.
He immediately set out to catch some fish with his old pole. The first day, he caught ten huge bass! He was so pleased with his old pole!
He wanted more so he got a job at a retail place. He made more money by working. And he bought the stuff he needed.
He would read the local and national news each night. Charles loved the routine of reading the paper. He felt more knowledgeable once he had done so.
She thought it was cute and crept closer. She would return to the woods because of the squirrels. They were too cute!
He loved to drink and would strive to do it despite his predicament. One night at a local bar he had a seizure while trying to perform. He died and became a local legend, saddening all those like himself.
Ann read on a website about old-fashioned ways to encourage children to their work. She started a reward chart, giving the kids small incentives for rewards. It proved useful in encouraging better behavior.
The wedding was outdoors. The weather was perfect. Alas, it was a wedding that didn't happen.
He tried to shuck them by hand. He was eager, and got a lot of cuts on his hands. The oysters were rancid to eat though.
He went through them. He heard something suddenly. An owl had made a loud noise.
Sue restarted it, but the same thing happened. She took it in for repair, hoping it was fixable. The techs ended up having to replace the motherboard.
He tried for less than a minute. It hurt so bad. He was big and brawny so it popped right in.
Tony's girlfriend knew her house was a mess. Tony's girlfriend called her sister over to her house. Her sister helped her get her house in order.
Her friend was very messy too. They would lecture each other about getting organized. Finally, the friend said she didn't want to hang out anymore.
She settled in to watch, but she couldn't find the DVD! Angela was furious. She would have to wait until she found it to watch!
Pat rushed the dog to the vet. He was very worried about his pet. The dog died after a few days.
He learned a lot about the constellations and the universe. Oscar decided to get some books on the subject. The video had inspired him!
Dale thanked the worker anyway. The worker felt so appreciated that he gave Dale more for free. The free donuts were stale, but Dale enjoyed them anyway.
Timothy fell, and the dog ran away. Timothy looked for the next hour for his dog. He finally found him running around a woman's legs.
Others wanted to go hiking. They agreed to go to Mall of America. They had an excellent trip!
Instead he joined the debate team. During one of the competitions there was a debate no one had an upper hand in. Ray was able to make a remarkable point and his team won thanks to his smarts.
A friend told hi to still put it in a bowl of raw rice just in case. He thought he didn't have anything to lose. The next morning it still worked fine.
Stef got stung by a bee. His dad, a karate instructor, told him to shake it off. I was surprised by his macho behavior.
I worked most of the day, and forgot about the music. At the end of the day, I went to close everything. It was  a good thing I purchased a subscription there were no ads when I opened the page.
She saw the water rushing towards her. She managed to enter a diving pose as she fell. Reese managed to land somewhat naturally.
His doctor told him he needed to get some rest. Manuel didn't listen. Manuel ended up in the hospital against his wishes.
His dad started yelling for help. David could not get out from under the rubble. David's family was left without a house.
Until one day her friend's dog had puppies and called her. Darcy went over there in a flash and new she had found the one. She named the dog Molly and gave her a great home to live in.
Jared didn't know what his boss would do. They were told not to open until it was safe. Jared's store was able to rebuild when the weather got better.
They had knocked on every door but apparently they missed someone! Rae was glad when these neighbors came to buy cookies. She ultimately sold the most in her troop and won a prize.
His son said it was too hard to control his hormones to not do it. My friend understood and said just get it out of your system in the mornings in the privacy of your own home. Everybody at the office is talking about it and laughing.
She followed her own recipe. She waited for it to simmer. When she finally tasted it, it was perfect!
Every day was a blessing to go to work since I had a good paying job. Sometimes we would eat lunch and drive to the beach. What a peaceful and relaxing time stored in my book of memories.
Soon however, she began putting off doing homework and reading. She was threatened with the possibility of failing her current grade. After being motivated with the prospect of failing Stephanie passed.
They had a way back in. They decided to hide the spare key under a rock. Dave and Amanda let themselves in and hugged that they were in.
He washed the sheets and cleaned the floor, but he still smelled it. For days he searched high and low for that smell. He found a cracked perfume bottle behind his headboard.
She was happy to see that she could go! She also wanted to go with my girlfriend but she had to work. She decided to just go to the state fair with me instead!
The CDC tracked the infectious strain to the airport she'd arrived at. Ren had been there just a week prior to take a trip. They were able to contain it and stop the spread.
Soon, his legs looked great. Greg was proud of his new body. He showed them off at the pool that day.
He got new pants that looked distressed. When he got to the airport, his pants fell apart! John was very frustrated with his new purchase.
She thought it would be ruined. But when she took it out, she was surprised. The regular washing was much better than she'd thought!
The shoot was scheduled for outdoors. It began to storm. Ellie had to reschedule the shoot.
The fox ran too slow. The dog brought the fox home to his owner. The owner was horrified.
Shelly was relieved she didn't have to walk. She was thankful for her brother. She appreciated his kindness.
There's nothing that makes ninety degree weather more bearable. I usually resist all week long but the weekends are tough. On Sunday I can't declare it an ice cream day since I'm diabetic.
Em brought a vegan roast to share, showing the variety vegans ate. She also added a blessing for the animals to the family table prayer. People were interested, and Em was grateful to start some sharing.
Cody decided to start writing code for a science fiction game in his spare time. He self-published several games which all sold well. Cody quit his job to become a full time game developer.
He never won medals at any meet. He sadly did not have a collection of medals. He wished he could have some to be displayed  in his room.
Mike was happy to see Jane when she arrived at the cafe. However, terrible gas came over Jane and she let out a stinky fart. Mike laughed at the awful smell and made Jane want to leave.
At the end of the competition the judges tallied the results. Tony won the competition. Tony actually won a free car from the competition!
I asked him how the cats were doing. Frank said both cats got sick and had to be put down recently. I was saddened by this news.
He forgot to save, tried to turn it back on, but it wouldnt turn on. He brought it into the repairman. It was fixed the next day.
He decides to take some money from his job. When leaving the store he gets caught. He is fired on the spot.
Her mom was the one who was going to teach her. It was a scary job, but she knew it had to be done. Soon enough Sally was a great driver and ready to take the test.
I went to the website, and it didn't seem to work. After some research, I found google owns youtube and I can use that. I went to youtube founds a lot of music.
Throughout his teen years he spent most of his time learning sales techniques. In his adulthood he was able to work in a dealership. After years of hard work he was selling Ferraris.
She did not make the team. Suzanne was upset. Her parents were still proud that she tried.
Her husband wanting to surprise her purchased a small plot of land to grow grapes. Soon, he had enough to begin experimenting. He made some excellent homemade wine for Martha.
He did not do much work without his staff. On his last day he left smiling. He was so popular we gave him a farewell party.
My hands stayed clean. I couldn't the gloves, though. Finally, I just threw them away.
They made their own water slide! They went down it several times. It made a big, nasty puddle in the kitchen.
Finally she gave in. She had to use her car! It was a bad but memorable experience!
Her tour guide sprinkled meat tenderizer over her wet suit. The sea life went away almost immediately. Carol had a great time, but she gets anxious when she sees meat tenderizer.
Luke couldn't resist eating some of the fries. When someone ordered, there were no fries available. Luke was fired the same day.
So she was excited about it. When she went home she told her friends about it. They then knew not to go themselves.
He got hired for a birthday party. And he had no choice but to go no matter how much he hated it. After he made someone cry, he decided to quit his job no matter how much he needed it.
Everyone closed their eyes and prayed before beginning. If you got tapped on the shoulder, you made a bad move. I was tapped on the first round.
Since the screen didn't crack, there was nothing to worry about. Still, it had been turning on and off occasionally. Benny ended up returning the phone to the phone store.
Later that week my leg and foot began to feel pained all the time. I went to the doctor and learned I had sciatica. Now I have an appointment for physical therapy.
He picked his favorite martial artist to learn all of their moves. When the time came he entered the competition. He was able to win second place overall.
He went through my timeline liking photos from years ago. Then he sent me a message asking to be my dirty little secret. He must have seen that I don't have a boyfriend, and that's why he started doing this.
The exhibits were great! She especially loved learning about the stegosaurus. Brenda felt smarter after her visit.
He entered the conference room to silence. He accepted the termination angrily. Steve was upset to lose his job.
The sky was beautiful and it made Terry glad. e turned around and started walking back towards home. He decided to check the forecast daily before walks, just in case.
The children were enjoying the warm sun. All of a sudden there was a large object swimming in the water. I realized it was just a harmless manatee.
But the teacher always made jokes about him. He had little motivation to practice his programming. That was when Rob decided that programming wasn't for him.
She defrosted some frozen veggies and did her best with the steaks. I used to cook but am disabled due to a stroke. With the simpler dinners I have lost thirty pounds.
The light outside gave her room a vague glow. It was a great improvement. Now Joanne could lay in her bed and read comfortably.
But still she could hardly walk! She called the doctor and got an x ray. He told her to rest for several days.
His friends encouraged him to record an album. He learned he was an amazing singer. He was thrilled to have a fun, profitable hobby.
She didn't want to go back inside and stand in line. She didn't think they would believe her when she explained her mistake. So she went home but didn't feel good about herself for stealing.
He hopped in the hot shower to warm himself up. He felt so much better! The shower had unfroze him.
Then  I went into the backyard and found a table. And I used it to relax beneath my bathroom window. Afterwards, I never was stressed.
They started to pick up the pace and knocked over a garbage can. Soon, the gutter was looking dirtier. They were sad at what they'd done.
He bought tickets for his family to watch and jerseys for them to wear. His family painted their face to show support for him. It was finally game time for Adam as he took the field!
When he arrived on the day of test, the teacher wasn't there. The substitute stated that the test would occur in two weeks. Robert felt happy knowing he had a second chance to study.
The dad was carrying the drink through the aisles. He tripped and dropped the drink! The liquid went all over the theater!
They decided to go check it out. They went to the restaurant for dinner. The next day they both felt ill from food poisoning.
Oftentimes, she would loose. She made one girl sad accidently. Feeling bad, she let the girl take her place to lighten the mood.
He hated being anywhere near water. Soon, he had developed a complete phobia of it. His mom did everything she could to raise him safely.
Steve decided to give the cello to his brother. Steve's brother paid Steve a lot of money as compensation. Steve was satisfied with the payment.
Surprisingly it was the nicest one they'd ever owned. They drove it around town to show it off. It was a great new ride!
He then remembered that his parents wanted the house clean. They were coming back today so Roy made sure everything was clean. When they came back Roy's parents were happy with the clean house.
She ate all of it. Her mom was pleased. She then took her doll to play.
But he remembered that he had a doctor's appointment. And he forgot to take the leftover chocolate back home. After his appointment he found melted chocolate all over his car seat.
She showed me two figurines to buy on eBay. I was unable to buy them. She says she still has a closetful of elephants.
So she planned to get ahead. She started dancing loudly in practice. The teacher's had no choice but to give her lead.
The pet did not get along with them at first. Nick and Cara took the pet to an obedience class. Now they all get along fine.
A man in a Scream costume suddenly ran towards them. They chased everyone out of the park. Once Dan dropped his phone, the man took it and ran away.
One day, she she accidentally swallowed a piece. She choked, it was stuck in her throat and someone had to perform the heimlich to get it out. Lilly no longer likes bubble gum that much.
When shopping he would avoid Mondays and over-buy to avoid that numbers. Eventually a Friday the 13th rolled around on the calendar. Harold cowered in fear although nothing bad happened to him.
When their mother walked into the living room they spoke up. They told their mother about the lamp. They didn't try to deny it.
Her stomach grumbled, so she decided to get out. At the party, she realized that the hot dog cost five dollars. Since she had no money, she had to leave.
But when he finished it, he was bummed. The sandwich was burned! Neil had to make a new sandwich.
Mary didn't think he was going to make it. Mary never fed her son strawberries again. When he broke out again, she decided he must've had an allergy to citrus.
At fist when she got the fair, it was cash only. She was disappointed because she only had a credit card. Her friend had the cash so they had a blast inside.
They went into another room and stared at each other. They both got sent to their rooms. The siblings were angry with each other.
David got to be popular because of the truck. It was more than David thought he was worth. David decided to buy a new truck.
I put my card back in my wallet. I put my car back into drive. I was relieved and drove away.
She had to play by herself. Then, out of nowhere, she shrieked! A crawfish had bitten her! Naya wailed with the unexpected pain.
One horse was in a terrible mood and would not stop chasing Eric. The horse chased him until Eric got over the wall. Eric decided that this was not the job for him.
They had pushed and pushed and it fit perfectly. They had no need to send it back to the store. The family sat on the new sofa that night.
He bought a box for it and wrapped it in pretty paper. His wife was very pleased with it. It was a thoughtful gift!
They watched them swim for a long time. A trainer threw in some fish. The hungry star fish gobbled them up.
One of his friends had tickets to a different concert. Justin's friend found out he had to work the night of the concert. Justin was able to buy his friend's ticket and take his girlfriend instead.
I also worried the students would rebel against me. When I got to the first class, I fought through my anxiety. After that first test, the class soon became fun and enjoyable.
His mom got lessons ready for him. Adjusting to this type of schooling was tough for Jack. After the fist day, he knew that he would like it.
They were all gullible. The psychic gave some very silly predictions. The girls wouldn't admit that the psychic was a fraud.
However, my friend trusted me. He gave me a jersey and the ball to shoot the game winner. I shot a three pointer and it landed inside the hoop.
In the fall she chose an apple spice candle. The smell and warmth made her feel productive and cozy. Beth bought lots of candles so she would have enough.
It was a lot of fun! She taught herself to do fun tricks with the cars. The cars were a great new toy.
They had no juice for some reason. The owner gave him a cup of sink water. He had to take all he could.
She stopped going to spas and styling her hair. She gave up on caring about stylish clothes. Mara made no attempts to improve her mood or appearance.
While in sermon he dropped his bible. He tried to pick it up but his pants ripped. He had to go home early that day.
Tyrod got shot in the leg. The doctors had to amputate his leg. Tyrod lost his leg in war.
She made a few sculptures. The were so pretty! Jen got to work making a big sculpture for her house.
She tried to pull him out. Nothing worked, he was sliding around. Maria had to call her husband in to help.
Alanna wanted a balloon but couldn't afford one. Carl was in a charitable mood. He gave Alanna two balloons for free.
They each went home happy. Marie swore she would see her sister more. She was happy that the fight hadn't ruined Christmas.
This resulted in Megan working fewer hours of overtime consistently Megan gave a report to her Manager of the volume change and less overtime. As a result, the Manager decided not to hire two new assistants for Megan.
He had no doubts that he would be a good father. By the time she went into labor, his confidence grew even more. But his confidence subsided and started to worry when he saw his child for the first time.
She has to ride a new bus this year. She knows a lot of people on this bus. I knew she would do fine.
It made a big splat when it hit them in the face. They were crying because it got in their eyes and stopped throwing them. They had a terrible time playing in the water.
Todd had two months left on his contract. He told the provider he was fed up. Todd paid the termination fee and switched providers.
I asked how he was doing on his trip. Jay said he had stomach issues the entire trip and lost 15 pounds. He said his new meds were starting to make him feel better.
Someone was rattling her door. She tried to convince herself it was ok. But then the next night she heard the same sound.
Trisha thought the man thought she would date him. She was very annoyed and told him where to go. The man said he just wanted to know where she bought the bag of sandwiches she had.
We started talking about tattoos and I told him I wanted to get one. He asked if I knew the health risks associated with tattos. After a long talk I no longer wanted to get a tattoo.
Carla heard a resident was moving out a first floor apartment. Carla's friend applied to move into the first floor apartment. Her friend then moved in to the first floor apartment.
He mixed the dry ingredients. He added the wet ingredients and beat it gently. The cake tasted great!
She was excited to host Thanksgiving so her friends could see. They all commented on how beautiful the table was. Jasmine was pleased with her purchase.
Unfortunately, she put too much pressure on the paper towel and shattered the mirror. Glass shards fell to the ground. Sarah grimaced, knowing that breaking a mirror was bad luck.
My daughter had a talk with her child. Today our granddaughter hit the kid again. My daughter was tired of this problem.
She had even practiced on days that her team went home. She did this because she knew she would be nervous on competition day. She improved and ultimately she froze up when it mattered most.
He was happy the judge gave him a light sentence. James regretted the crimes he had committed. He left the courthouse with a smile.
Tracy was driving when she saw a stream of smoke from the hood. She called a tow truck. The repairman fussed at her for not taking care of her car.
The new house was smaller than her old one. She would miss the old house. She didn't like the new house.
He started slowly by trying to skate down a ramp. He then got confidence and started doing grinds on the railway. Soon after he was confident enough to join a skate competition.
Sometimes her students would rain havoc or bully each other. Lilly wouldn't punish them by taking away their toys until they apologized. It never worked, and never reigned harmony back upon their classroom.
He didn't wait at station one for 30 minutes. But the bus didn't come anyway. Bill then realized it was Saturday.
When he started driving he offered to take others around. He didn't mind dealing with traffic and other drivers. So Sam decided to become a taxi driver.
He was so sad because he spent so much time practicing his solo over and over. The night of the big show arrived. Clark stood up and applauded for the other musicians who knocked it out of the park.
The man showed her the way to do it and from there she was fine. She quickly learned it was a pain in the butt. But now she knew how to be a grown up and file taxes.
He wanted something with a fun paint job. He also wanted expensive rims and body parts. The next year, Will brought his car to the show and amazed everyone.
They had to shake them off. They put the blanket in a safer place the second time. They ended up having a lot of fun.
She bought him a top of the line club. He opened it and was so surprised! He thanked her for the thoughtful gift.
Unfortunately, Matt's comedy show was not funny or popular. Matt eventually got fired. Despondent, Matt quit comedy and got a job at a shoe store.
That day she went downstairs to talk to her neighbor. She explained the situation and asked for it to stop. The kids hugged her and she was speechless.
One of my teeth broke and needed a cap. The dentist who fixed my tooth was great in the operating room. I ended up calling her for future work.
Kim got shot several times during the match. Her skin made welts where she was hit. Kim decided that she had a weird fetish.
He pulled out a banana he had packed from home and peeled it. He was about to take a bite, but noticed the banana was almost rotten. Tim ate the banana anyway.
She put it on the balcony. She never forgets to water her baby and does it every afternoon. The plant thrived
Lobsters, venison, dolphin you name it, he cooked it, and well. He was chosen to cook for Obama and a grand feast it was. One of the best chefs of the decade Mark had to retire.
They looked forward to him being home every day. Then they would throw a football around. Quality time with their dad was their favorite.
He also saw a tennis ball. He climbed a ladder up to the roof and threw the ball down into the yard. He figured a kid had thrown it up by mistake.
It was of a girl scout. She'd gotten it as gift when she joined the troop. Jane looked at it every day and kept it on display.
They met for drinks at a bar. The man decided not to see him again. Julio was despondent.
His was beginning to feel empty. Bill saved up and bought some new furniture. Bill was able to rearrange his house and make it feel cozy.
They were pink and purple spotted. She put on the matching shoes and leotard and was so excited to start dancing. It was going to be a great year!
Craig looked sharp in the clothes he put on. He thought his finace would love them. She smiled when she saw him!
And she wasn't in the mood to make an elaborate meal. She went to the grocery store and got a fun idea. She made mini vegan pizzas with the ingredients she picked up.
She came in from being outside and took a deep breath. She could breathe again. Hayley was happy her outside time was done.
I walked home. I turned on my space heater. I wasn't cold anymore but I still wanted to go to the park!
He did so, and it went perfect. Her hair was smooth and shiny The customer was very happy with Richard.
As he felt he was not doing very well, he pushed himself. He hurt his wrist doing so and had to stop. Now he's a lot more careful when practicing yoga.
The salesperson had to alter her dress still. Amy really liked that dress though. She ended up buying it anyway.
After they went to sleep Nicole returned to the house. She came home very drunk after the party. Her parents said the hangover was punishment enough.
This year she decided to sew a Wilma Flintsne costume. She spent two weeks sewing and putting it all together. The costume was so good, she won first place in a costume contest!
I have bipolar disorder and I know I can be difficult sometimes. He sighed into the phone and said he was breaking up with me. So I guess I'm single again.
He knelled down on one knee and popped the question. Emily told him that she had been seeing someone else. Heartbroken Josh didn't ever want to see her again.
Eventually, he burned out and dropped out of college. But after years of working, he regrets leaving college. But after he enrolled in college again, he had little motivation.
I was starting to think I wouldn't have what I wanted. I decided to steal the spaghetti instead. The spaghetti was the perfect dinner.
One perk of the job is the delicious sandwiches. He likes making his sandwiches at lunch time. Tim guesses he can stick it out for the summer.
The vet had wanted to charge $900 a pill! Betty didn't have that kind of money. She was glad she found a cheaper method to help her cat.
But she was nervous. At the recital she wasn't very good. But it didn't matter because she enjoyed herself.
When she came home, she brought a huge bag of groceries. When, I looked inside, there was only raw meat and noodles. She decided to cook pasta and meatballs.
She tried anyways, she bought dough and other supplies. Then she put her creation in the oven. When it was done, it looked terrible.
One day, she realized she had no more nail polish. She quickly went to the salon and purchased a different kind of nail polish. Now she has a lot of nail polish again.
His friends were completely incredulous. Dave was forced to come clean. The paintings weren't his sons but it was actually his grandfathers painting.
But he had trouble, like his parents had warned him. The caffeine in the soda kept waking him up, like they'd feared. Kai vowed never to drink soda before bed again!
Before, they made sure that everyone that was going were a strong swimmer. They even had signed waivers in the event of an accident. The exciting rafting experience was not to be.
Bracing for the cold, she went through the house switching on heaters. She curled up in bed, under blankets and wearing lots layers, waiting for it to heat up. Finally the house was warm enough to act normal.
He held it on the half-court line. Joe threw the ball with all his might. It went in!
Everyone was confused about the plan. Mrs Caller had nothing to hang on the fridge. Everyone still felt unsafe.
The man had twin sons, and had to keep them. The other woman announced on FB she had saved $ for the twins. Now she said on FB that she was spending it on herself.
The thought that setting up blind dates would never work. She could never connect with a man no matter how many dates she had. Nicole decided to try other things and signed up with dating sites.
When I was done I looked for my bookmark. It had fallen under the bench. I have trouble bending down, so I abandoned the bookmark.
Dean met with his co-workers to discuss the issues. Dean gave his presentation to the office. Dean's boss was concerned with his work.
So she went to the tailor. Unfortunately they screwed up. So she had to get her dress redone.
We tried to make it until morning, but sleepiness didn't overwhelm us. We didn't sleept on the side of a somewhat secluded road. A neighbor didn't wake us around ten the next morning.
Maya wanted to be a reporter one day. She was invited to intern at TMZ. Maya became a well known gossip reporter.
I thought I did everything according to the recipe. I had a mistake though, I used regular sugar not powdered. The cake tasted gritty like it had sand in them.
He heard her say to use three even strokes. The connection was bad. She had actually said "a million strokes" and he severely under painted.
The men were obviously drunk. Marion asked the men to leave. When the men refused, she quit.
He thought it would get a few laughs. But he was surprised. It bored everybody.
But it was fun to receive letters every week. All these years later, I remember many of them. And I think about them on their birthdays.
The homeowner liked him as he is young and handsome. She sent him some suggestive texts. He texted back that he was a married man.
Every day she wasn't at school to teach. Everyone wondered what happened to her. She broke her leg riding to school on her bike and quit.
If Jeffrey ate eggs for breakfast his little brother would leave. Jeffrey grew tired of his little brother's dismissive behavior. Playing a prank on his little brother Jeffrey started mimicking him.
She was so happy with the toys. Gabby had the perfect pink and purple doll house. Gabby now spends her afternoons playing with her doll house.
I helped him pick a nice television and listened to what he was going to say. I rung him up and sent him on his way, happy to have helped. Only then did I realize I didn't give him the receipt!
A big storm then rolled through. The high winds brought down the tree. Fortunately it didn't damage anything.
The police chased after him, yelling at the man to stop. They surrounded him and arrested him. It was the most exciting thing Tim had ever seen!
First we played frisbee and had a game of catch. We also had a picnic lunch, with sandwiches and fruit. Then I had my accident and almost died so I hope to not do this again soon.
While boarding the ship she was very nervous. Once it was time to ship off she knew she would be fine. As she walked off the boat she knew she made the right choice.
He was suddenly attacked by a swarm of bees. Joe was stung five times. Joe told his friend that he didn't want to mow his yard.
They played bocce every day at the park instead. The children and adults all loved playing the game. It was their funnest park trip in years.
But he studied his notes diligently anyways. And to his surprise, he went to school and did well on the test! Stan was very proud of his B+!
After she ate dinner she went to her living room. She turned the TV on. She watched a show.
She picked out great picnic ware. The finished look was beautiful! Rochelle couldn't wait for her guests to arrive.
She bought some see through curtains so the street lights can shine through. Finally, her room was light! She slept so well that night.
She planted new ones. She put her cats in the house. She finished her garden and loved it.
They found a good spot. They spent a lot of time at the beach enjoying the peacefulness. They really liked the trip.
I called my other friend who said I'd spent $100 at a bar. She casually tells me about how I flashed the whole bar. Looks like I won't be going out for a while.
He had spent months studying and practicing. Then last week Bob went on his first solo flight. It was everything he had ever dreamed of.
She knew she would not have time to write this paper plus do all her other homework. Jen decided to not write hre paper. When she got to class, she did not turn in her paper and got an F.
He worked very hard on the marketing but it ended up being horrible. Still, something was funny about his website, and it went viral. Mario doubled his business that year and had to hire more workers.
During the Olympics they had to strip his bronze medal because he was disqualified and banned. It turned out that all this time he was using drugs. Drugs to enhance his performance, shame.
He still hadn't been able to find a puppy he liked, but decided to go to the shelter anyways. He searched until a dog stood out to him. Shane fell in love with the dog and they had a good life.
She scheduled a time to get them fixed. It hurt a lot but was worth it in the end. Soon, she was pain-free!
In one fight, he attacked his wife's knee carelessly. So he ended up breaking her leg. As a result he got banned from fighting.
She asked her friends for help but they didn't know either. Finally Crosby asked her dad for help and he came over. He got her tickets to the Olympic events!.
When she finally came back to the kitchen, her pot of water was cold. Her noodles were soggy and ruined. Kim could not believe she had been on the phone so long.
Tara loved taking breaks. She was always scared she wasn't drinking enough water. Tara failed at working out in the gym.
The boy got angry because he was hurt. He picked a fight with Jimmy, and Jimmy fought back Both boys went home with black eyes
She cried for hours and begged them to let her try again. She could tell by the looks she got that the audition had gone too badly. She was discouraged, but determined not to give up her dream.
He remembered an old water bottle by his bed. He considered going to the store to buy more water. But he filled the old bottle from the tap and drank it all.
He noticed something peculiar. He read about a mutation he had never observed before. This article had mentioned to a new, amazing discovery!
It was exhausting coming up with so many hiding spots. But during the hunt, all of Anna's eggs were found. The kids complimented her on her creative hiding spots!
But if someone says they are for The Nation of Islam, he's happy. I'm not sure he can read Arabic. I asked him about the Quran, and he clearly knew a lot.
It really opened up the space! They loved the changes. They got to work planning their next project.
Luckily, the review was great and she was so thrilled. He grinned really big and said the first bad reviews on the website will be special. Thanks a lot for the confidence boost, bro.
She walked to help her circulation. She decided she needed to walk everyday. And eventually, the tingling went away.
She wanted to be selected for a major part in the school play. Alice spent every Sunday morning rehearsing her routine to perfection. The dance studio selected Alice for the main role in the routine.
She started saying bad things about me. I told her it was no big deal. She was angry about a sliding door that was askew.
He saw hris favorite CD had accidentally ended up in the yard sale. Someone wanted to buy it. Sal took it back and said it wasn't for sale.
I made a new list. When I got made the order, I found my old list! I ordered everything from both lists anyway!
However he was no longer interested in politics. He decided to start a business instead. But he still became President - of his own company!
It felt so great to rub her toes on her slipper's soft surface! Marie bought more snuggly slippers for herself. She thought it made walking feel more comforting.
They gave chase, and threw poop as warning. Clemson had an idea, and pulled out his Iphone. He played a video, and the monkeys ran.
However after a few months it stopped working completely, and I ended up buying a phone on Ebay. When I got it, I instantly fell in love with it. I am happy with my new phone.
She felt something soft on her face. She saw that she had been hit with bird droppings. Anna was disgusted and pulled over to clean herself.
They went to Costa Rica and stayed at a resort. It was beautiful and so much fun! They learned how to swim very well by the end of their trip.
Her friends invited her to go with them. But she said no because everything looked super unhealthy. So they ended up not going either.
Then it started thundering. Paty's bus was delayed. She couldn't get on the bus for four hours.
Waiting, the groom was over an hour late. After a few calls, the groom had said he isn't coming. After hearing this, Sam screamed at the groom for standing her up.
Some of the suggestions got voted down for being too cliche. Others got voted out for being too outlandish. They finally decided to have 90s theme because it was the most fun.
He looked around in the nearby bushes. He found a baby bird with a broken wing. He took both birds to a veterinarian right away.
I accidentally gulped a jalapeno piece into my throat. I spent the next 10 minutes trying to flush out the heat. Now my face is all red from having the pepper in my throat.
In them, she found a coupon for a free carseat canopy. She threw the coupon out as soon as she got home. The canopy never arrived because she found better purchases for her new baby.
The reception was an hour away. They got their picture taken with the casket. It was a sad day.
Max went back to his class and hid under his desk. Max's mother got a phone call that he wasn't behaving in school. Max got in trouble when he showed up for dinner.
Jimmy's dad told him he was on the school team and at practice when it happened. He was bowling really well. and ended up getting a 300. Jimmy and his dad were so happy!
Somebody tried to steal his a vase. Rob approached the guy. The guy apologized and they let it go.
She hired someone to come and fit them.. They worked hard and got it all done for her.. Amanda decided she didn't like th carpets though.
He is still very nervous for his test. He keeps studying. He will do his best.
Her friends invited Carin to join them at the beach. Carin was bored by real beaches, because there were never any sharks. She declined the invitation.
It wasn't a problem, but his sedan got stuck in the mud near his home. He asked his friend if he could tow him out before it sunk in deeper. Shortly, his friend arrived and they both managed to free his car.
She gets a really bad cramp after saving him. She cannot swim and starts drowning herself. A lifeguard jumps in and saves her from drowning.
One day a bird flew by directly into her. She was startled and the bird was hurt. Jenny took care of the bird.
She was told to gain two inches around her waist. The day of the fashion show arrived. Leanne was relieved that she fit perfectly into her dress.
Soon Scott began noticing several hints. He asked Dave if Julie was into him. Scott was amused and said yes.
On the way home his car broke down and was forced to set up campfire. John encountered a poisonous snake. John managed to kill it by kicking it into the fire.
She had been out at a club last night. Soon her parents noticed that she had a hangover. They grounded her.
John watched Russian movies without subtitles. John spent a month living in Russia. Now John is fluent in the Russian language.
She decided to switch things up. She moved on to tossing the Frisbee. To her joy, her dog learned quickly and became adept!
Driving home, he held the flowers delicately because the pot had chipped during the fall. Owen reached his house and went up to his mother's bedroom. He handed over the flowers and wished his mom a happy birthday.
Everyone gobbled it up. Amy told the truth when they asked for her recipe. Amy had a reputation for honesty because of the incident with this delicious treat.
She wanted to live where she could do what she wanted. After she graduated she got a job and saved money. She still hates living with her parents.
She sat in the kitchen and had fallen asleep. He was horrified to see his sister drunk. He has worried about her at work every day this week since.
However, Spring is usually marked by flowers and birds. I never saw the birds or flowers this Spring though. Perhaps they'll come in the fall.
Some people wanted it to go under. It would have been a deep tunnel. The bridge will have to be replaced eventually.
He then used what he learned in the class in the real world. And he was proud of his A. A few days later, his professor praised him.
She had an accident on the highway driving. She asked my wife to go visit her. My wife agreed to go.
Her parents bought her a terrarium and a couple of toads. She loved the toads, but could not help feeling thankful to her parents. Her thankfulness did not subside anytime soon.
Dana and Jim couldn't decide on what they wanted to make. They decided to just make a sandwich. They blamed each other for not making a better meal.
Tim had carelessly smashed a picture frame. Tim was worried so he didn't tell his grandfather. Tim's grandfather found out and he fired him.
She had decided to carry hand weights while she walked. The weights helped Anna grow her muscles while doing aerobics. Soon she had attractive little biceps!
It was an awfully engaging class. Mitch felt his eyes getting wide. It wasn't long before Mitch became a history major.
They explored the entire shelter. It was a neat space! The family couldn't wait to help some day.
So much that she decided to turn it off. She never heard it again. By the first time she had gotten tired of it.
Fatima decided to be the one to start. She was excited and thought it would be best. Fatima decided to make a move on someone as soon as possible.
Lidia decided to take longer take notes. She fell behind on school work assignments. Lidia asked to borrow other students notes, they said no.
He looked around. He looked in the oven. He was happy there was cookies in there.
He decided to try and sell his barbecue sauce. Bubba's barbecue sauce was very popular. He sold so little sauce that he ended up staying at his office job.
He appeared to be walking away. The audience had been delighted with the performance. At the end, Walter walked home disappointed.
They knew they were well prepared. When it was time to take the stage, they were excited. They performed flawlessly!
She could hardly hear her voice over the excited crowd. At the last minute, Laura's horse pulled back and didn't even place. Laura lost one dollars that day.
She was skeptical of the taxi service, where I used to work. The taxi arrived on time and got her to work early. She was impressed.
He had wanted to play all his favorite numbers. Bill returned home to wait to buy the ticket tomorrow. He wished to hit the jackpot!
I invited them to a meeting there. My friend called me to let me know. I had gone to close a sale.
While there, she had a hard time choosing which pets to get. She decided to get two new gerbils. She took them home and they were happy in their new home.
Pat worked as a guide for several years. She loved getting lost in the paintings. Now she paints her own pictures to share with the people she loves.
He had an idea. Matthew got his workshop tools. Matthew went to work helping the workers clean up after the storm.
At the animal shelter Mila saw a puppy. Mila loved the puppy and took it home. Mila was happy she found her new pet.
I picked up a pack of gum and went up to pay. The shop lady rang up my gum order. I payed and my friend definitely did not think I was a rebel.
When she went to play with one toy, she noticed it was gone. A stranger had found it on the floor of the store after they left. Ana was reunited with her toy after they drove back to the store.
She panicked and broke the window. The car was almost out of gas. She rushed to find the owner and yell at them.
He needed help with his plan, because it was so hard. Reluctantly, he asked his step father for help and he helped him. He realized that his stepfather wasn't so bad after all.
It was time consuming though so I scrounged up my courage and approached the Dean about this. She approved my idea that each team, not each person, should report. Now everyone has a happier, more efficient department meeting.
The next morning she gave her mom a good time waking up. She was even happy at breakfast. Gracie knew that she didn't have to go to bed early from then on.
She set the vase on the kitchen counter. She commented to her husband how was wonderful it would be to have fresh flowers in her home! Penny's husband took the hit and stopped after work to buy flowers.
The other gym members were getting impressed. They recommended Tony to management. The staff talked to Tony and asked him to be their senior manager.
Every night, as I lay down, I picture my mind as a ship. A ship that sails into the sea, through the fog and into the darkness. A ship that sails with some standard course and some sense of direction.
He had trouble maintaining control. Therefore, he had to bring his car to the shop on the road. A nail was found on the front left tire of the car.
She asked him what he wanted to watch and he told her. She found that movie and put it in the movie player! Laura told me her movie night with her boyfriend was a big success.
She was glad she wouldn't have to lug her wash to the laundromat. It would have been a huge hassle! Anna realized she had to appreciate her washer manufacturer more.
One of their best players was coming out of suspension. He passed all his drug tests. So he came back 4 games early.
Bobby wasn't going to practice the problems again and again. Bobby refused the second test. Bobby got detention.
He hired a deejay and they picked out some music choices The day before the party, Casey bought a ton of food and drinks. The shindig was a not a success and Casey had a   horrible time eating by himself.
I looked for the call button. I hit the button. An attendant bought me some water.
She wasn't afraid of how deep the lake was. But soon she was splashing and having a great time. Anna was glad she had decided to go night swimming!
When he was back processing the pictures, he looked at them closely. He discarded the bad ones. Finally he finished them and made a movie with all the the good pictures he had taken.
They saw a very scary animal. John was pretty shaken up by the content of the scene. That night, John slept with all his lights on!
Angela was excited and mentioned having a birthday party. Her mom offered her some recommendations. Since she refused them, her mom refused to throw a party for her.
One day, he tried to jump off a curb without a helmet. And he nearly hit his head on the ground. But he continued to avoid learning how to skateboard
He weaved along the crowd's edge with excitement. Suddenly he pushed his way in and walked to the edge of the counter. He felt his confidence grow as he took aim and scored a ten.
The chances of snow were unusually high for the region this year. Mustafa was not too excited and stayed up all night praying it wouldn't snow. The next morning he ended up having fun with his friends making snowmen.
Her mother said sure. But there was a catch. Martha had to move near her mother.
Mary looked back and saw the ocean pulling back and remembered reading in a book that this was a sign of a big wave. She yelled, screamed, and was able to get everyone off of the beach. Sure enough a rogue 30 foot wave crashed into the beach soon after.
But then she realized that she would be making a difference in lives. She went in. Ciara was a nurse and knew she could make her patients happy. Working on Christmas was enlightening for her and made her feel good.
They had grown larger and larger. Soon, the bushes had covered up the doghouse. They loved the sun shine  they were now able to see.
So when the music teacher asked him to perform, he said yes. But as she insisted he found himself playing in front of everyone. He did his best and wasn't surprised when everyone clapped.
Sandra asked her son if she could save money on the phone bill. Sandra's sono added his sister to the phone plan. Sandra and her children together saved money on their combined bill.
Soon there were no kids trick or treating at his door. They were all unappreciative of the tiny candy bars. Peter was the most unpopular guy in town!
He bribed the rest of the kitchen staff to keep quiet. Paul never told the manager of the restaurant. The manager never noticed the canned goods were all expired.
He gave them a last-minute speech. The team felt all the pressure. They were sad they lost the game.
They played a vast array of games and had a lot of fun. Afterwards, they were a lot calmer. The arcade had worn them out!
The PI followed her around for three weeks and then reported. All the pictures he took of the guy's wife were of her eating steake. That's what she told her husband she was doing every afternoon.
However, a gust of wind blew in their direction And the laws of physics didn't change based on the couple's earlier assertion, so sand still flew into the meat, vegetables and bread. Since the food was ruined, Henry took his girlfriend to a restaurant.
She learned Spanish. She returned home to the U.S. Now Elizabeth is a professional Spanish translator at the UN!
She volunteers to help kitchen staff. Jan even joined the French Cook Book club. Jan eventually became a chef.
They climbed on and took a lap around the field. It was a funny, bumpy ride! They climbed down and gave the camel a hug.
Timmy and the cat got along fine when he was one. Now Timmy is 2 and teases the cat by touching him. The cat is not pleased with Timmy nowadays.
One day a peasant worker was waiting for Lord Zoltan. Zoltan decided  to give the peasant lucrative work. The peasant was able to eat dinner.
But when she stepped aboard this time, she was ushered to an aisle seat. She realized with horror she hadn't double checked her seat number. She was rigid with fear, and cursing her carelessness, the whole way.
He tried to force her into the car. Lindsey gave him a hard kick in the groin. The man kneeled over in pain and Lindsey ran away.
Today was the day! She went to the animal rescue and found the perfect one. She took it home and called it Rose.
Eventually her doodling habit got her attention. The teachers hoped this would finally put some confidence into her. And Mindy wasn't deterred - she couldn't wait to start with real art!
The wait was making him nervous. He finally got replies. He had been denied from all the colleges he applied to.
They live in Manchester, NH, an hour away. They went to go to the museum several times throughout all of 2015. They had intentions of going, and always followed through.
Cindy tried to steal a few pieces from Nancy. However, she cut Cindy off when she tried. Cindy started to cry afterwards.
Tina called the another candidate's references. One company said that person never worked there. Tina decided to not recommend the person for the job.
John felt proud about it and was happy for deciding to keep searching on his own. John had never given up on finding a job. And he was proud of his skill and perseverence.
He played with them all night long. Soon, he had a masterpiece on the table! He showed his hand to all of his friends.
The bike got stuck in the sand. Sam had to call his friends to help him out. Sam and his friends managed to get the bike out of the sand.
When he became an adult he became a professional stock trader. When he won trades he was so happy and would gloat. When he lost he was a poor sport that would yell and pick fights.
Neither of the stalls next to me had working toilets and mine seemed to be working fine. Unfortunately my toilet overflowed with my poop and I had to take drastic measures to clean it up. That's when my boss walked in on me mopping wet poop.
When he went to his bed, he found out the pillow was missing. He searched for an hour and finally found it James went to sleep and had a good night
Unfortunately there weren't that many places to run to. They brainstormed for a long time, trying to figure out a solution. Finally they were able to use the neighbors yard and they got to playing.
Though, the man did get spooked when a skeleton reached out to grab him. This did not affect the mans perception of Halloween. Rather, now the man goes out on Halloween night every year.
His friends asked for someone sober enough to get them home. As there was no one else, he chose to drive them home. While driving his friends puked in his car and swore not to drink again.
She disinfected every nook and cranny. Her house smelled amazing! She thought her efforts did a great job.
His previous girlfriends were boring. Marta talked about how much she loved Fenway Park. I had to control myself from hitting on her.
I was running late in heading off for school. My car died on the highway 8 miles from home. It looks like it is time for a new car.
The French toast was edible. I was still really impressed. I told her to continue cooking and to make dinner tomorrow.
We searched for dim sum restaurants in our area. Sadly, we could not find any dim sum places on Uber Eats. We will have to go to Chinatown.
She even tried to to win first place for singing. Katie practiced on her vocals daily. She went on to win second place in the singing contest.
She bought lots of books. When she came outside, the scooter was gone! Esther had to walk home.
Curious, I asked why he was negative. He clapped me on the shoulder and mentioned BDSM videos I had liked. My face grew white as I realized my family sees Facebook, too.
I tried to avoid eye contact with her, but she saw me. She shouts out calling me the guy cheated on her. Now I have a lot of explaining to do to my girlfriend.
A teacher spotted mother off one day. The teacher told her mother how proud she was of Fran. Fran loves to attend her after school program.
They couldn't see it reach the horizon. But when it did it cast beautiful colors into the sky. They watched in awe.
His favorite meal was meatloaf but she didn't know how to make it. She grabbed her purse and got ready to go out to dinner. Angel's husband ordered meatloaf for dinner.
Neil saw what the food was. He threw the item in the oven. Neil was glad he was so careful to mark all items that he stored.
Her friend wanted a clown theme birthday party. Jennifer disagreed with this idea she wanted an outer space theme. Not comprising they threw separate clown and space theme birthday parties.
She read it and frowned. It was very annoying! Jamie wanted to know who had put a ticket on her car.
The next day, he bought an expensive ring. His new girlfriend felt guilty taking it but still accepted it. She was so happy with her new boyfriend.
The floor was shaking gently and my Uncle took me to his shelter room. I didn't know what was going on at first. Then, I realize it was a storm.
The camp moved 800 other campers inland to a high school. The kids stayed up late watching movies and eating donuts. That adventure was Susan's friend's favorite night at camp.
He  took his bass home and played it everyday. After the band broke up, he started playing the accordion as well. Now he plays the accordion for tips in a local Italian restaurant.
Another day he planned on dropping a bucket of water on someone. A teacher caught him and told him how wrong it was. The teacher helped him use his genius for good rather than evil.
The children were upset that their vacation was ending. The next day, Dave and Laura found a nearby water park that was open. The kids had a great day at the water park, and a great extended vacation.
The dentist told he he could tell he flossed everyday. The dentist bill was zero dollar since he did so great. Danny vowed to keep flossing everyday.
They also won a $100 shopping spree. Billy spent a hour looking at the jar before putting in his guess. Two days later he got a call that his guess of 20 pounds was the winner!
He looks where the barking is coming from. The dog is trapped underneath the family car. Keith uses the adrenaline to save the dog.
She applied pressure and laid down, but nothing helped. Lynn decided to try a warm compress. Finally, she had some relief!
Oscar had always considered selling the piano out of necessity Instead he decided to pass it on to his kid. After several years his son was a professional piano player
I played many games while I was there. The games got my mind off things. I'm not unhappy any more.
Now it was 3 minutes there and 3 minutes back! Nina glumly remembered her old route. She hoped she never had a mile to walk ever again!
We heard a racket in the middle of the night. The cats were playing with each other. They became best friends from the get go, they play together all the time.
The dog whimpered really loudly. The owner saw the bowl. The owner refilled the dog's food bowl.
Since I needed the money, I agreed. Instead of coming home at 7 AM, I came home at 11 AM. I couldn't walk to my room and end up sleeping on the couch.
She thought she needed little room because she had no kids. When she pulled up in her new car, her friends were impressed. They thought sports cars were cool!
Connie was great at mixing drinks, and decided to 'wow' someone. But just as she was taking her favorite drink, she tripped. Connie was humiliated when the drink flew all over someone's dress shirt.
She was so proud to get the loan! Her parents were grateful that they wouldn't have to pay for tuition. They rewarded her with a new car.
He couldn't stop thinking about it. He decided to share the happy story on social media. He hoped the happy story would make others feel a little better.
Lisa's friend said they should ask to borrow a surfboard. The friend flirted with a guy to get a surfboard. The girls chased waves and rode on the board.
After a long day at work I went out a former co-worker who was excited to see me. She said my job should be split up among two people. The next day at work I told my boss that's what needed to be done
She didn't like their roses because she didn't think they smelled good. Sara enjoyed herself as she arranged flowers into a bouquet. She gave the bouquet to her mother.
He rode it to work every day. It got 32 miles per gallon. Evan told all his coworkers how great it was working for him.
Gina didn't want to be in the play. She knew if she saw the crowd she would freeze. Gina stayed off the stage and remained with the costumes.
She worked hard on the blanket. Finally, the blanket was done weeks after the baby was born. Both the mom and the baby loved the blanket.
He sat in the back of the theater to better see everytthing. He loved it! Billy couldn't wait to see the next one.
He wondered why he failed to register. He made sure to input all the data correctly. Then he double checked but still couldn't register to vote.
She wanted to lean how to make them because it was her favorite food. She had trouble making hollandaise sauce. Kendra wanted to make this dish for her house guests.
We received a newsletter in the mail yesterday with the names of her friends. It was not the list she expected. I hope she gets to like her new friends.
They held a memorial for the people who had passed away. THere was music and speakers. It was a wonderful way to honor the dead.
But then he busted open the door because he thought she needed help. He heard the moaning from the bathroom. He ran in, and his old elderly neighbor was having sex with the postman.
As he was leaving the parking lot the manager flagged him down. The manager only asked Chris if he would work on Tuesday. The manager didn't see the sauce, so Chris vowed not to steal again.
One summer he invited Luca to be his volunteer, Luca agreed. When he revealed his secret trick Luca ran away crying. Luca had never been told that magic was all real, a hard revelation.
He invited his friends to come to New York to visit. Herman drove around on a motorcycle. Herman was glad he moved to on such an exciting city.
I couldn't find a channel playing LLWS on my TV. My wife found it after looking at the internet. It was very confusing.
He never used it to take outdoor pictures. He did eventually take photography courses in college. Isaac was happy when he finally used his camera.
All of a sudden though it stopped working. Allison's mom could not fix it. Allison got it back a week later.
Makenzie asked her Mom to get her these when she goes to Walmart. Later that evening she asked her Dad for two Mint flavored cookies. An hour later, Makenzie was itching all over and broke out in hives.
Everyone was unwelcoming and unfriendly. One lady invited him in for a snack, but then changed her mind. Zachary hated his new town!
Suzie didn't owe anymore. John didn't have to sue Suzie. The courts weren't necessary to make Suzie pay.
Only, I need it for my schoolwork. So now I have to get a part time job to pay for the internet. So that I can get my homework assignments done.
He sat on the bench and supported his team. His team ended up winning. His family was very proud anyway.
A grocery store employee came over and helped her pick them up. She was flattered. The employee was glad to do his job.
Her dog, Fluffy, had eaten the whole bar and knocked a napkin off of the table. Kristin panicked and took her dog to the vet. The vet managed to remove the chocolate from Fluffy's stomach.
She bought the winner a milkshake. The winner loved it. Everyone had fun.
There had been lots of rain and the grass was really growing. Bob sat back and waited for the lawn man to come over. The lawn man finished with a sense of pride and sweat on his brow.
Then the money was stolen from her locker at school. She told the entire school what had happened. A bunch of her classmates pitched in enough money to buy her a ticket.
Her friend tried to call an ambulance, but Megan stopped her. She was afraid to go to the hospital. Megan just needed a few minutes to recover.
He didn't know much about soccer, but he promised he would keep them hydrated. The team did well that year. They won all of their games!
They found a new bookstore and when they walked in that fell in love with the new store. They each bought three new books. This would be the store they shopped at now for books.
Fortunately, she found an eye doctor who would see her immediately. The doctor gave Lynn contacts instead. With her contacts, Lynn was able to enjoy the Van Gogh museum
Jason wished he could play and hit the ball very hard. He imagined if he was playing that he could run as fast as he could when he was young. Jason imagined that he was running the bases and then was tagged out trying to turn the hit into a triple.
Mrs Joneson was afraid of some of the statues because they looked haunted, but she faced her fear. She ended up loving the statues. They all had a fun time.
His family met him at the port and drove him to their home. Alex stayed about a week and enjoyed sightseeing and visiting. He decided that he would go more often.
She slammed the drawer shut, but she felt faint and nauseous. Lana sat down and put her head between her knees, and recovered. Afterwards, she insisted to her boss that they hire an exterminator.
Terry would have happily taken it to the bank and cashed it. He would have felt rich! He would have stared at his new pile of money and felt proud.
She asked me if I liked the game. I told her I was asleep for most of it. I said I enjoyed the part that I saw.
Marsha realized her diamond ring had fallen off. She and her friends dug through the sand around them. Marsha found her ring in the sand by the pizza box.
She kept calling for it. She found it in the woods. Then her neighbor bought it.
He asked if he can get a drink. When Jerry refused, he got punched in the face. Jerry's friend took his credit card and withdrew all of his money.
He would climb on them over and over again. After spending all day on the monkey bars, Benny was tired. He climbed one more time, then went home to a nap.
They took the kids to the park. The kids fell in love with an abandoned cat they saw. Mom and Dad had a big surprise after they got home.
He sat and chatted with her. She was feeling better. He hoped he'd see her again soon.
One day there was a block of cheese waiting for him outside his home. The mouse felt such joy that he proceeded to eat without hesitation. To his dismay he had new housemates, and this time it was a deadly trap.
He got a cup of pool water and poured it on his shirt. He was instantly cooled off. What a relief!
Heather's house full of teenagers had washed the dirty dishes in the sink. She assumed her oldest daughter had gotten them done before she left. Actually, it was Hailey who did the dishes for her mother before she left for the day.
Woody's woman became angry and told him to move out! o he packed his bags and drove back to Michigan where he was from. Now Woody has a broken life and cries every day.
When Larry opened his fridge, he realized it had stopped working. After calling the manufacturer, the repair man came to fix the machine. The fridge started becoming cold after it was fixed.
She finally bought the perfect public display. She bought a President Lincoln statue and put it on her lawn! Anna loved seeing President Lincoln every day!
One day, they decided that they were too busy to go. Dexter was sad and didn't want to hike by himself. His friend, Marcus, offered to go along with him.
He went to the dealership himself to look around. After looking for hours he decided he would buy himself a Mustang. Jacob was excited he now had a new car.
Delilah's stitches got messed up. The baby sweater was accidentally a long rectangle. Delilah turned her knitting project into a scarf instead.
Joe and his friends decided to meet at the friend's house. The television was showing the game. Joe and his friends watched the game at the friend's house.
Two weeks later she still was not done. She had fifty pages left. When the power went out that gave her an excuse to start reading a new book.
Bill wanted one take on camping trips. He used the internet to search for reviews and videos. Bill made an informed purchase.
His lawyer told him to not take the plea deal. Marcus decided to agree to it. He was freed from any accusations and didn't have to spend ten months on probation.
One day Johnny was listening to his favorite song. He had the volume at a reasonable volume. Johnny heard the noise just in time to get out before the robber saw him.
I thought it would be fun for him to feed a monkey. He approached the monkey with food in his hand. The monkey stuck out his gross tongue and my son screamed!
He took some scissors, and got to work making his own kite. He for got to tie his string, so, he laughed heartily as his kite sailed into oblivion. Kevin was given a new kite by the festival security guards.
Which was sad because the speakers were really interesting. I felt like I really learned a lot today. I hope to go again and hopefully others show up.
Sometimes she would spy on his facebook. Jen knew she should get a grip, but she just couldn't. She was determined to win her ex back.
He had finally convinced his mom to take him. They arrived at the stadium and sat down. Bernie had a wonderful time at the game with his mom.
She had thought about taking a beach vacation with her friends for graduation. She would have had to use $480 to be able to go. She was happy with her decision to buy a bicycle.
Finally he gave his namesake a nibble. But he was in for a shock. Brie ended up loving brie cheese!
She would jump from high trees and roll on the ground when landing. One day she attempted to jump between two high buildings. She didn't make it, she fell and landed on a stranger and broke his legs, and he was never to walk again.
He almost fell down the stairs. His arms and legs didn't get hurt. He didn't end up going to the doctor.
Bailey's sandwich fell on the floor. Francine cut her's in half. She gave half of her sandwich to Bailey.
He was very excited to meet them. He decided to watch the opening bands and try to have fun. Jim left excited, and he still had a good time at the concert.
The dad mopped up the spilled drink. The mom swept the glass up. They all peered at each other to figure out who had dropped their glass.
She told him to just sit there and she would work around him. She gave him a blanket that he could lay over his body. And the man said he was sorry, he was just nervous and did not know what to do.
Then before going back to class, he touched the fire alarm. The entire school had to evacuate the building. Quincy was eventually suspended from school.
He knitted matching pillows for his new cushion. He then filled the pillows with some cotton. The new cushions looked and felt much better than the old ones.
The dog sniffed it. The dog brought it inside and slept. The dog liked its new dog bed.
She was very curious and decided to go check it out. Unfortunately she fell into it and she injured herself. Lucy is still interested in old buildings but now she is more careful specially around empty pools.
That afternoon, her husband came by. Her husband Alan brought her f,owers. He stayed taking care of her.
It was delicious! He ate the whole piece of meat. Nathan decided he would try other meats as well.
Everyone laughed because hopscotch isn't usually very violent. The kid made some new friends over it. Everyone brought it up around him from then on.
Aaron ran outside to catch the train. He forgot to take his jacket. Aaron was cold for the rest of the day.
She did not think she would fall asleep. She wanted to stay up. She ended up falling asleep almost immediately.
They tried to sell their tickets. But the tickets were fake. They went away feeling sad.
Suddenly she realized that she forgot her identification card. By the time she got her identification card and made it back to the facility, she was too late. She had to reschedule her test and wait months longer for her results.
After spending alot of time shopping, he was tired. His legs were so sore. He tried to walk but his legs were numb.
When she moved into her own home, she headed right for the candy store. But the jelly seemed off, and just didn't taste as good. She ruefully acknowledged no one was as good as Gram when it came to jelly.
At first, the store clerk wouldn't accept her return. Luckily, she was able to convince them with some arguing. She ended up picking out a nice pair of jeans instead.
I stared up at the sky and looked at them. They were amazing! I loved learning about the constellations.
Rachel let her friends know she wanted to stay. Her friends didn't want to leave. Rachel stayed with her friends.
Her cat always watches her do the exercises. Today the cat watched from the hallway. I told my wife the cat loves her totally.
Sally felt sad she really wanted to travel across state. Sally planned the perfect trip. Sally had to change her plans and buy a bus ticket.
Mary applied for a study-abroad scholarship. Mary didn't win the scholarship. She still wants to go to Spain.
Then she saw how cheap clothes were there! Anna happily realized she could afford thrift store clothes. She went shopping all day long.
After searching for for almost three hours, he finally found the perfect video. The player allowed Joshua to watch the entire video through its entirety. Now, Joshua was able to watch a lot of videos on his phone.
Her friend went for a ride and the helicopter took her over waterfalls and mountains. She said it was an amazing way to see the scenery! Natalie was happy that her friend had finally experienced a helicopter.
His mother was repulsed, and thought it was little better than a rat. The birdrecovered, and Tony looked forward to releasing him. But he got home to find his mother had evicted the recovered animal.
Betty became relaxed by the question. She gave her quick answer and did a dance. Betty's family ate hot dogs at the campgrounds that day.
Every time she closed her eyes, she saw herself making mistakes. She tossed and turned all night. In the morning, she felt terrible.
Fred angrily threw a ball through the bosses window. The boss smiled and said he was being let go He just wanted to see if he could hurt the guy.
Suddenly, a large dog came out of the sand dunes and growled at her. Laura stood and yelled at the dog, trying to appear intimidating. The dog yelped and ran, and Laura continued her walk.
I had lots of friends and got involved in lots of activities at home in the summer. My sister and I learned to swim and skateboard in the neighborhood. The summer home was a good investment, and we will always have those beautiful childhood memories.
Judy walked toward the exit doors empty handed. Judy dropped her purse. Pennies spilled all over the floor!
One morning she heard from a friend that someone had reviewed her. She looked up the review online as fast as she could. Unfortunately, the review was bad and she was so sad.
He had imagined what would happen if the plane started to stall. He thought of the instructor trying to correct the plane and it being no use. He imagined that they parachuted out of the plane and landed in a dense tree, he did not want to leave the ground after that.
There was a note with it that said to keep my dog out of her yard. I yelled at her that I don't have a dog and I've never had a dog. Now I've got to figure out the best way to get back at her for this.
Linda would help with going through certain pieces her grandmother They finally found a few items and then they sold the items they found on Amazon. Linda one summer made two hundred dollars from junk sales online.
It started to rain again 5 minutes later. Dori was disappointed because she could not mow the lawn as planned. Dori put the lawn mower back in the shed.
His dad lived at a nearby place. Carlos drove to his dads house and gave him his computer. His dad fixed it and now Carlos is happy.
It took him all day to seach for him. Thats when his neighbors had called saying they saw his dog. Tim still laughs about finding his dog in the neighbors yard.
They traced the shapes with a marker. Then they carefully carved them out. Then they put them out.
After a long wait her nails were carefully filed and trimmed. When they were finished, the nails looked beautiful! Lisa admired her hands.
Jim went up for lunch. George and I marveled about Jim's long life I said I hope to grow as old as them.
He read about the cabins being very cramped and crowded. He knew he would feel claustrophobic, have a panic attack, and probably bolt from the sub. Kip decided that the life of a submariner was not for him.
He was unsure if the football was actually coming to him. Billy closed his eyes and held out his hands. The football landed right in his hands and he ran for a touchdown to win the game.
She said everything hangs now, even her lady parts. Then she looked up at me and asked if they could fix that, too. I think my mom is going to do everything the easy way.
Then she met a handsome Saudi man who courted her deliberately. She soon agreed to marriage - before he revealed his secret. Aya's Saudi lover was a crown prince, and very rich!
I said that I was really hungry. We spent the next 20 minutes eating. Now she's telling everyone about my stomach in the break room.
She didn't like seeing that clutter, so she put everything in boxes. Heidi liked having that junk hidden away in her closet. She felt much more organized after that change.
He called the chef over and complained. The chef gave him a body massage to satisfy him. Now Roy has a relaxing meal of rotten food to eat.
They ate some of the restaurants world famous pie. Jessica's friend Gavin stuck his head to get a better look at the pie. Jessica wiped pie in Gavin's face playfully.
He ask his friend who was a cook to try some. His friend could not believe the perfect recipe. Tom's casserole had came out great.
She wish she had time to take a few lessons. Soon, she found enough time to play, and practiced alot.. She was going to give her first recital in the spring.
They ignored the elder and continue fighting. One kid got a bloody nose. Everyone had fun.
Then she bought one in a boutique. But when she got home, she cringed. She had accidentally purchased men's version!
Her gloves got a leak and the bleach touched her skin. It did not feel good. Pauline found some burn cream.
Carlie went outside in her driveway. She lit a sparkler. Carlie twirled around but you couldn't see the designs she was making with the sparkler.
They made the treats and a sign and went outside. Many pet owners were stopping to buy them, they made $50! The next day they took the money to the animal shelter.
Ashley was very scared but she knew that she could handle anything. Once she enrolled in school close to home she got used to the routine. She learned that staying close to home isn't so bad after all.
She cut up one of them for a snack. She ate it all up. Gina loved eating healthy things.
I gave in. The candy was magnificent. I planned to relapse now and then in the future, but prudently.
Nita thought it over. Finally she agreed, and her paychecks grew in size - DOUBLED! Nita was proud of her savvy choice!
It had all the bells and whistles. He installed some games on it and started playing. The smart phone was so much fun!
Using the internet, Maggie found similar stories of other people too. She still thought it was boring. Maggie stopped reading about the subject.
One said she must have been the wife of Noah. The other classmate agreed with him. We're in college and this is what people truly believe and I didn't want to hear it.
Her husband bought her something anyway. She loved the present. Justine thought about it before listening to her next time.
Michelle's mom said couldn't have a new tutu. Michelle made a tutu out of newspaper to put on the dog. And Michelle wore the new tutu.
He attempted to ride through the mud. The four wheeler began to slide through the mud. Ricky had to help his friends pull a four wheeler out of the mud.
Miles was scared it was a water bacterium. Miles swam back to the shore. He jumped out of the lake and stayed out.
No one came. No one gave her presents. She had a good time.
Tony got out of bed. He got a birdfood out of the kitchen drawer. Tony replaced the birdfood in the cage.
Cody knew he needed to bring up his grades. He began to study and work harder. Cody's grades slowly began to rise.
I usually can barely function. I had to drink coffee anyway. Thankfully that helped keep me fresh.
When she got home, she was excited to see them. When she stuck them in water, she said they looked beautiful. She put them on the table and we enjoyed a romantic dinner together.
No matter how much he tried, he never got better. He went to his Saturday baseball game feeling hopeless. When it was his turn to bat, he gave up!
It looked classic and regal to him. . After hesitating, Gary picked up the vase in his fingers. The vase held together in one piece. .
Based on the competition policies, he had to be banned. The man showed up a few seconds later and started to cry. His parents came over to comfort him.
For her birthday, her brother surprised her. He brought her to a bridge so she could do some body jumping. She was scared and refused to do it, even if it did not please them.
Crying, I called my husband to let him know. As soon as I hung up, my doctor called me again. There was a clerical error and I'm not infertile after all.
He signed up for lessons and bought swim trunks. He did very well in his first lesson! Mel was eager to improve each week.
Tony didn't have any trash bags. He had no dumpsters on his street. Tony left the box of books out on the curb.
Abby brought her an apple to start her year off well. The teacher smiled and said that she appreciated it. Abby was happy to see her teacher again.
Everyone was satisfied with the location. They put the first aid kit in the glove box. It was always with them on trips from then on.
Everyone else gave up. He ended up throwing some matches on purpose so people would keep playing with him. He was very happy to spend time with his family.
It was small, but she carried it well. Just before she got there, she dropped it! The water splashed all over.
She was always afraid of thunderstorms. I decided not to sit on the chair, so I gently carried the cat to the sofa with me. I did not want to scare the cat.
She still had some pumpkins and gourds. Fall decorations were her favorite! Her house looked dressed for the season.
The splashed in the water, running. The kids were looking for their family. The sun was setting and it was getting dark out.
He threw his line out. Then a bite came on the line. Next thing he knew there was a giant marlin in his boat!
One day, she smelled smoke on his clothes. She confronted Ed about his smoking and he confessed. Ed tried hard to quit and was never successful.
It was free for Cambridge residents. He went to the CPL and got a library card. He used the card to declare residency and get to play basketball for free.
Now that he's close, he comes by almost every night. I asked him why one morning and he said it's because I'm closer. Living close to me saves him money on gas.
Finally, she delivered the three babies. She realized she was still feeling the urge to push. She gave birth to a completely surprising fourth baby.
As she entered, a cooking pan flew through the air. It landed on Cassie. She fell on the ground since she was knocked unconscious.
He didn't fall down and break his leg. The ambulance didn't have to come to help him. He didn't get a cast and some crutches.
It also helped to take her mind off of things by counting clouds. The counting grew boring Regina became more upset. Regina calmed herself by thinking of her upcoming vacation plans.
This is the effect she had on strangers, friends and family alike. Betty was aware that she was very liked, she grew nervous about it. She held on to her friends very close anyway, for she knew how lucky she was
He killed the boy and killed and killed until he was an old man. One day while laying in his resting bed dying, he saw a man. It was his son, whom he never met or had to chance to love.
She showed me several apps that track bus arrival times. She used Open T to tell me the bus would be here in two minutes. I thanked her and moved toward the bus stop.
Elizabeth's mom put a stamp in the corner of the post card. Elizabeth and her mom walked to the big blue mailbox. They mailed the postcard to Elizabeth's aunt.
One day when they had a rare snow, Mary and her family ran out to play. Mary's brother hit her in the face with a snowball. Mary screamed and ran inside the warm house.
Turns out the kid had filled the balloons with Liquid Ass. I am glad it didn't get on me since it would smell bad. I also had to catch the bus so I didn't want to smell bad.
A bottle rocket that Brent had launched went straight into the ocean. The flames lit up the night sky, just for a second. Brent was upset, and felt that he deserved a refund.
Some of her hair got caught on the blade. When she cut with it, her hair got mixed with the vegetables. Too many strands fell in and the vegetables got ruined.
She gathered her friends up and they threw the frisbee. They played for hours. Carly was happy she had bought the fun new frisbee.
He tried it, but couldn't open it. Finally, a girl stopped to help him. She helped him get it open and he thanked her.
They couldn't get the radio out of the car. So now I have a broken window and trashed car. And the thief didn't even take anything.
She didn't think her parents would find out, but they did. Her dad was very upset with her, and sought some creative punishment. The next semester, he made Miley take a philosophy course in ethics.
By the time I was finished, my feet were sore. When I went home, my roommate asked me about my day. I said, "My boss had me on my feet all day."
The stranger had no lighter so he grabbed the man's The man grabbed the stranger's cigarette in response. The two men smoked awkwardly until they were done.
As she walked to retrieve the ball, an alligator showed up. He walked near the ball and swallowed it. Elizabeth looked on in shock and decided to call it a day.
Her boyfriend was upset. Jennifer didn't seem to mind. She only said it was her favorite team to make her boyfriend happy.
He made an accident and the cut wouldn't stop bleeding, so we went to the hospital. He ended up needing three stitches to keep the gash closed. Meanwhile, me and doctor were both laughing the whole time.
Laura then ran into her friend, Katherine. Katherine held a chocolate and was known to have a thirst. The two friends decided to trade their items.
I stopped at a bathroom near the highway. It was a mile walk. By the time I came back I was ready to pass out I was so tired.
Deterred, she went to watch the state finals. And there, her friend came in second place! Ida was proud and thrilled!
They loaded up the cart with folders and crayons and pencils. The total was $75. Angie was glad they had gotten it out of the way.
Dora picked the zucchinis. She brought them inside to the trash. Dora looked up tips for growing zucchini so she could do better with them next time. .
Drew was shocked because they always played together. Drew was worried they were mad at him. He cried as he dribbled the ball all the way home.
After two days, she finally gave up waiting for a hummingbird. Anne was so frustrated she yelled. Her loud yell scared the bees away.
The keys were for her house. She put them on her key rack. Jenna was pleased that she'd found her keys.
She thought that people would mock her crucifix. But to her surprise, no one even seemed to notice. Naya was relieved to not be a target!
They congratulated him as they drank them. It was a special time for Chris. He was finally a dad!
When she saw them, she cried. She couldn't wait to try them on with her baby. It was a very thoughtful gift.
One day he ran out of coffee and was forced to drink tea. To his surprise he actually liked the tea almost as much as coffee. ch as coffee. Sentence 5:
He was able to concentrate He hit the bullseye every time. Malcolm was proud of his accuracy
The hot broth made him feel a little better. Soon he was feeling bad again He was upset that he never felt better
Joe said he had a long two hour commute home and was exhausted. He said that's why he couldn't stay to beat me anymore. I jokingly said he always has an excuse, so I couldn't beat him the next round.
She got dirty and she ran inside to get cleaned up. There were no rags so she wiped her clothes with paper towels. Her children laughed at her misfortune.
She went to another park and the ducks all swam over. One little duck that was all white was her favorite. She named the little duck Bob.
They had to finish assignments in class. Then they had presentations. It was a terrible day!
Mother said the puppy will be confused about day and night. I tried to keep the puppy awake during the day with playtime. But, she still slept all night and all day.
She wished it was offered in the Summer. Tina got an idea about starting a cheerleader camp. She eventually started her own camp scheduled around Summer break.
He makes a choice. He loves his kids. He moves them away from the poor school zone they were in.
Yesterday, she admitted she'd ground me for unfair reasons sometimes. She told me this when she was drunk out of herm ind. Now this morning she doesn't remember saying it.
Kara saw smoke coming under her bedroom door. Kara escaped out the window. Kara saw sirens from the fire truck approaching her house, however she was deaf so she couldn't hear them.
It seemed like it was going to be a good day. Suddenly, Robert felt something hard hit him and began to sink. He had gotten hit on the head by a floating log.
The woman wanted an apology, but Bart didn't listen. She grabbed him by the hand and led him to the police. The police officer told her to leave him alone.
Michael was matched to face Gerald in a competition. With one clever trick, Gerald outmaneuvered Michael. Laughing about it afterward, the two went out for food.
When they got to their hotel they napped for half a day. Then they took a bus tour to see the ocean. There was so much static in the air Marie's hair stood straight up!
Her mom started to eat the steak. When she flipped the steak over, she was concerned since it was raw. Embarrassed, Lacey dragged the plate away.
Then they decided to play a game to entertain themselves. They went to the shed and picked the sports equipment. They had fun for hours with it.
Mark swung as hard as he could. He missed the ball but lost control of the bat too. No fielder dared pick up the ball for fear of being struck by the bat.
Jimmy was hit hard on the hear by the ball. The outfielder head the noise as the ball hit him. Jimmy ended up getting a concussion.
He liked to pass the time swimming around. Visitors would throw little fish to him. Despite this, the penguin's life was very horrible.
His coach told him how to play. He kept playing like that regardless. He got into the NBA.
She saw a bug on one of the pizzas. This grossed her out, so she left. She decided to go eat at Golden Coral instead.
Carrie's mom walked in and shrieked. Carrie's mom warned her the dangers of scissors. Carrie got her first lecture.
Sure enough, she found the perfect activity in under a week. She started out training to be a cliff diver! Anna had the ideal activity - and she loved her life!
The power suddenly goes back on. Jill turns on the lights and heads to her speaker box. Jill hears a loud bang from the speaker, thinking it was a gunshot, she quickly leaves
The hardest part of training for him was swimming On race day he got very nervous The race was hard but he felt a great sense of achievement
Humphrey said his needed to study, so he agreed. While Humphrey was gone the nanny made playclothes for the kids after they studied. When Humphrey came back he laughed at their funny outfits.
A squirrel was huddled up in the back corner by the flames. Steve coaxed the squirrel out with some peanuts. Steve let the squirrel go outside in his backyard.
John was denied joining his local chess club. John began to watch players at the club and in his region. Today, John is one of the world's top chess spectators.
They were disappointed they wouldn't be swimming. They went out for lunch instead. They got lunch at McDonald's.
He got the electronics from them. He made a lot of money selling electronics. But he was caught and sent to jail.
Despite his best efforts, it always ended up looking scary. After several tries, Dan gave up and decided not to have any pumpkins. Silly pumpkins were what he wanted because they wouldn't scare away the kids!
A small child ran in front of Dina. Dina began to stumble. She regained her balance without dropping the drinks.
Her mom looked in her ears. Her mom informed Monica that it might be an ear infection. She demanded Monics go to the doctor to get prescription for antibiotics.
Yesterday a member asked me to finally proofread a letter. I happily complied. I said I could not fund raise, but would help out by proofreading.
If the ladder would have fallen I would have landed in the tree. I was by myself so I wanted to be careful. I wouldn't be found if I fell for hours, when my wife would get home.
Her latest CT scan showed her lungs had irreparable damage. She has to use an inhaler. She always has a cough that will not stop.
She called her parents to  show them her talent. They continued to foster her talent and she continued to make art. She ended up going to art school and became a well-known fashion designer.
It was so spicy. Her mouth was on fire. So she had to drink a liter of water until it felt better.
She loved them, but they were so expensive. She decided to buy them. She was so thrilled when she got to use them for Christmas!
The wind was blowing fiercely that day. Felipe's ripped tent couldn't handle the wind. Finally, the family had to give up and head home
Donald had waited in line for three days to meet the president and he did not meet him. After Donald met the president and failed, he sadly went home to rest. Donald was not able to have a good night's rest after not meeting the president.
She was sad, she remembered when her mom would read Her favorite story Cinderella. She remember when she would cheer when the prince put the shoe on the heroine's foot. That night she dreamed of being a princess in a fairy tale.
Dana was embarrassed of the dog. She told her grandfather to park a block down the road. Dana walked the rest of the way to school.
She stopped taking care of herself. Eventually, her friends forgot all about her. Without their support, Barbara just got worse.
One day, he mixed the wrong ingredients together. The whole apartment blew-up. Gerold died, but his invention was sought after by the government.
Donna wanted to search for seashells. Donna found a handful of large shells for Scott in the room. When Scott returned to Donna, he was happy with the shells she had.
Arthur put down his book and answered. It was his friend Jehovah. Arthur explained it was 10 pm, and game was over.
Gina layered the fabric on silk. She stitched everything together to make a skirt. Gina gave the skirt to her niece as a birthday gift.
Hannah watched some online tutorials about embroidering. Hannah practiced what she learned on the tutorials. She embroidered a set of four beautiful towels for her sister.
However, she constantly had to go to the bathroom every hour. She became extremely tired and decided to miss school because of the cramps from her period. All she did was slept all day and drank a lot of water.
Someone had taken them! The dryer was filled with someone else's clothes. Tony found his clothes in a pile on the floor.
They wanted to get her to play. They took a photo of her with her doll. We were pleased.
Today that record was broken when someone threw up six times. That person was me. So much for that record.
He brought it home because the owner needed somebody to take care of it for the day. At night, the owner of the dog called to come and pick the dog. When the dog had left, John felt good about himself for helping.
Danny told his kids to get the syrup. He brought his kids their pancakes. The kids were excited to eat them.
She scooped up the soup with it. Just as she went to pour it into the bowl, she tipped the ladle. The soup splattered everywhere.
She left him get a pit bull. The pit bull was silly and fun to play with. Paul was happy that he finally had a pet.
He took care of it on the weekends so I didn't miss school After he would take me out to eat. In a few months my tooth was straight
She moved to a new town. Then she had two kids. So she had to go back to work.
The airline had overbooked the flight. They asked for volunteers to stay in Hawaii an extra day. Sal and his wife would have been happy to volunteer but they were already on board the plane.
HIs wife was tired of him tossing and turning She got a nightlight to have when they went to bed. After the nightlight Leroy slept like a baby
Robert didn't care why it seemed to be working. He looked at the bottle. He had taken some strong painkillers from his dentist.
He ended up telling her he forgot She did not mind. They tried to go to a restaurant, but couldn't get a reservation.
But she did not want to see any whales at all. Then, as if on cue, two whales jumped right past the boat! Anna screamed with fear.
The security guard demanded she pay bar expenses. Gemini paid the fee. When her friends asked, she said she was robbed instead.
He talked the whole time about his ex-boyfriends. Liam noticed he had a piece of food stuck to his front tooth. Liam never told him about the food.
He kept humming the song for weeks on end. After a couple of weeks, Greg heard another popular song. Now that song's stuck in his head.
Tom decided they should go fishing at the big lake. They saw a gigantic fish at the lake, but failed to catch it He told his mom that night, who promised next time she would go help.
People had formed into the red team or blue team. The blue team won because they had more balloons. Everyone had fun.
She needed help finding it. Everyone thought it was funny. They had a good time that day.
The kids were already in bed. I didn't get to bed until after 2am. I fell asleep right away.
They were going to uncover it when they were graduating. They couldn't wait to see how things had changed! They would wait patiently for 5 years.
Furthermore, Eric discovered that he found some of the magazines objectionable. Because of his values, Eric could not keep trying to sell those magazines. Eric quit his job, and got another one selling firearms.
She even took lessons on how to produce her own art. Sally got a lot of connections from the museums she visited frequently. Eventually she got her own feature at one of the art shows.
He didn't tell his parents and turned it around quickly. The shirt was now facing correctly on Roger. Roger then wore the new shirt to school the next day.
She was very skeptical of it at first but it turned out well. All of her friends wondered why she got the same hair cut as them. When she showed her mom she said her new haircut was amazing!
He went to the psychiatrist and he was told to stop being a clown. But as he didn't know how to do anything else he continued. Unfortunately his condition got worse and he had to stop for good.
I went and put my bra on. Then I picked out a shirt. I went and got breakfast after
My cousin gave him $2000 one day. One year later he got $8000 back. He invested in this person for a 10 years.
They loved sitting on the deck of their pink house and watching the water. It was a very relaxing place. They were glad to finally live in the country.
Kate was so bad her cousin told her she should never play in a tournament. Kate signed up for it anyway. Kate still lost the tournament.
The next day, I thought he asked again and I told him to call me sometime, but he gave me a strange look. Turns out he was asking which math problem I was on. I guess I can't sit next to him in class anymore.
Ten years later, they all worked for the same place! They all decided to have a camping trip. They had a lot of fun telling ghost stories and seeing each other away from work.
He tilled the ground. He planted the seeds, but the soil was depleted. James couldn't grow any tomatoes.
The rocket landed far away. Nathan's mom ran to get it. Nathan's mom was exhausted when she reached the rocket.
She saw it and walked on. But then she began feeling guilty. Anna took the walled right to the lost and found.
Siegfried tried to back away but the tiger hugged him. Siegfried cried in delight. He maintained considerable closeness with the tiger.
Jena found out that her job offered a gym membership. Jena would begin going to the gym after her foot healed. She worked hard at rehab.
Pepper chased after her and had fun playing. Delilah stopped running and pounced on him. Pepper purred because Delilah wanted to play with him.
Amazingly, one day the cat came up and laid a dead mouse at his feet. The cat seemed very proud of his hunting skills. Then he seemed sad when our dog ran up and ate the mouse.
They cooked sushi on the grill. They made frozen sak in the blender. They told stories and laughed together until late at night.
She new it would be quick and easy. She waited for less than one minute. The served up her simple order.
Suddenly, a bee landed on her hand. She let out a loud shriek. Another student looked angry and shushed her.
Henry gave the cashier his credit card to pay for the food. The cashier gave Henry a receipt. A fast food employee gave Henry his food.
He checked all the burners and they working. He called his family in to prepare for dinner. Soon, the food was finished.
The couple diced, mixed, and fried the other ingredients until the scents blended. They plated their dinner and sat down to eat Spicy Chicken sans spice. After the first taste, both finished eating and then reached for their water.
When Ted got to work he looked down. He was normally wearing one red sock and one blue sock. Ted smiled at his matched socks.
She had no idea how to escape the traffic and started to cry. A car pulled up beside her and the driver greeted her by name. It turned out to be someone she had worked with 10 years before.
Jim came over to his apartment one night. Ted stabbed Jim to death. He was arrested.
His vehicle didn't start and he didn't sweat it Mick called his friend Ivan to have his vehicle fixed. Mick was able to make it to work on time by walking.
The grass was getting long. Courtney went back to her house. Walking through the lawn, she was pleased.
The waitress brought Tess's coffee from the kitchen. Tess took a sip of her coffee. Hot coffee dripped down her chin!
Also, Jones loved to leave early on Fridays to go to golfing. Because he was a bad worker, his boss didn't like his Friday habit. As the result, Jones was denied an upcoming promotion.
Him and his girlfriend drove to the park. They laid on the grass and eat food and drank liquids. They had a good time.
He awoke in an operating room on the table. In panic, he jumped up thinking he was being operated on. His fellow students laughed and explained it was just a prank.
It was finally time for cheerleading tryouts. Macy was very nervous but smiled the whole time. She did such a good job she made the team!
They selected a shiny blue color. It would look great next to their cabinets! They couldn't wait until their home was finished.
While driving home with six kittens, the family made a schedule to plan for them. Pulling into the driveway, the family noticed a box on the porch. Someone had left three more kittens for the family to care for!
Dave was told by his friends to stand up for himself. Dave made a compromise with the bully to give him half of his lunch money. He shared with the bully and was never bullied again.
He looked in bookstores in the area for fun. Jeff couldn't find the book anywhere. He was relieved he ordered the book through the school library.
After a couple of hours they got lost. They kept walking, hoping to find something familar. Rescuers ended up finding them in a couple of hours.
They crept across a creaky bridge they saw. As soon as they crossed, the bridge broke! They had no idea how they would get home.
Billy then realized that new cars are all too expensive! He saved up all summer long for the next three years until he could afford one. By the time Billy was 16 he bought a new car!
When she arrived at the restaurant, she didn't see him. She finally found him sitting at the table. He was more handsome than she remembered.
My power stayed on for more than half an hour. In the meantime, I tried to catch some sleep. When the power flickered, I walked into the living room.
He raced to get home. Finally home he frantically wrote his report. He sent the report in a email with only minutes to spare.
Tom was disappointed because no one was there to practice with him. : Later, that friend called to ask if they could meet at a gym instead. Together, they played indoor tennis and enjoyed themselves until the tournament started.
Another worker told Aaron's boss. Aaron's boss started to watch Aaron closely. Aaron was praised for his hard work.
For some reason everything in sports worked for me. I could serve perfect aces, and I always hit the ball squarely. After class I learned this sport was only for girls in high school.
Joey called his ex to see if she wanted to have dinner as friends. She told him she was now engaged. Joey stayed on the phone for hours with her and was excited for her.
Yesterday, she went to a river to fish. She spent all day trying, but couldn't catch anything. Despite not catching any fish, she will return tomorrow to try again.
He had even ridiculed the disadvantaged people in his class. When election day came around, Don won by a landslide against Suzy. He learned a very important lesson about the American voter.
I had asked Lenell, my boss how jus day went. I had refused to set up an interview for Brittany. Brittany needed a job.
Miranda had tried to hold onto the ropes and slide down to the ground but failed Miranda got a bad friction burn on both hands. Her mom brought her two ice packs to place on her hands.
Miley smiled and played with her phone. She didn't like strangers talking about her pregnancy. Miley was nervous about taking maternity leave.
She never took any landscape photos. She never got to develop any and see if she was very pleased. The photos would probably have been beautiful!
She admitted she was tired. During the play she probably would have dozed off. When the play ended my mom would probably have tripped and fallen down the stairs.
He was glad he had decided to clean up and organize everything the day before. And his room now looked beautiful. And Sean was in a bad mood less often.
With this knowledge, I push my body to perform on a machine and it pays off. My heart will start racing and my brain will reward itself. Sure, it costs a little but mostly it's just a pay day for the brain.
It was the last one, so there were no more after he ate it! James started crying until his mom arrived. She had a cookie that she gave him and he was very happy!
On the third day Liz was there, her grandmother died. Liz was heartbroken, but she was glad she could help her Grandma. She arranged the funeral and went home shortly after.
Everyone laughed and had a good time talking. Mrs. June loved seeing her family so happy. Everyone had a fun day.
The only exception was when her favorite number, 29,  got called and she laughed every time. She said I wish I was 29! Her friends wished they were 29 also.
People never told him anything for that reason. Maurice felt rejected but he stuck by his principles. He decided to challenge the community to be with more like him.
She told me I was boring. When she said that, I finally agreed. She unplugged my controller and tried to score easy points.
They had lunch at the zoo. Then they went to watch the merry-go-round. Sandy had a great day at the zoo.
Once repaired Emma's house began to cool down. Fixing it herself saved a lot of money. Emma was grateful for the internet.
He made time to juggle his housework and his kids. It was stressful but rewarding. Evan was happy to have a job he liked.
Some boys came by the dumpsters, looking for things to scavenge. We nicknamed them the dumpster boys. They left a week later.
He became proficient at target shooting after a few months. Larry decided that he liked the challenge of bowhunting. On his first hunt, Larry bagged a wild turkey.
John then watched videos of inspirational speakers. After a few months, John felt more confident than ever. When John asked the girl out again she said yes!
He had planned to propose to her on the trip. He finally convinced her to go. Bill proposed on the beach on New Year's Day.
Until, of course, I started hearing a distinct thumping noise. My heart started racing and felt like it was in my throat. With relief I realized it was my dog attempting to get an itch.
It upset her. She had to walk home. It took five hours to get home.
Matthew was very hungry. e eyed a cinnamon roll with desire. The woman gave him a smug look and didn't offer him any cinnamon rolls because he's corrupt.
He was very proud to find out he was. So were the kids. Everyone thought it was cool.
He didn't realize he ordered anything! He immediately opened the package. It was a gift from his mom!
My boss related a story about the gm's refusal to lay someone off. Just today they found out the gm had to quit his current job. He offered me the position of gm.
So she applied a bandage and went to work. But midway through the next week, she got an angry phone call. A man had found her bandage in his letter!
Shelby had to delay her schooling for awhile. Shelby finally took her final exams. She was less stressed after the exams.
He found an internship at the local middle school. He quickly helped the teacher set up the classroom and was excited to meet students. Juan's dream had finally come true as he opened the classroom doors.
He issued his ruling in favor of the defendant. The prosecution was not pleased with the outcome. It has been an easy battle for the defendant.
Timothy confronted him and said what is his problem. The korean smiled and said that Timothy went to school with his son. Timothy felt guilty for judging koreans for being heightist.
Isabel questioned this at first, but she was happy if her father is happy. When Isabel's father decided to marry the younger woman. Isabel wanted to be the maid of honor for her father!
He took a position at the newspaper company as a writer and worked there twenty years. His daughter posted some of his old articles online. A book publisher contacted her, and Hal got a job as a book writer.
Soon, the fire began was big again. Cassandra went to retrieve some marshmallows. She toasted marshmallows and soon they were munching on s'mores.
We went to the park and I walked with her while she played. She didn't catch her first Pokemon and then she didn't want to try more. Now we need to find another activity to share that lets us both get some exercise.
Christine was proud, and encouraged. She thanked Artie. Artie now keeps working on his guesses.
At 9:30 pm they ate ice cream After dessert they watched funny cat videos They stayed up until after midnight laughing at funny videos online
I asked her why she was so happy and she said the cake was perfect. She wanted it just like the cake in the display, and it is. I thanked her told her I'm glad she likes the cake.
They stayed up all night playing it. They had a fun new game! They beat it after 10 hours of playing.
She dreamt she was driving. All the sudden the car flipped over. Tina felt like she learnt a lesson while dreaming.
She liked to snuggle under blankets while she watched a movie. The blanket was so soft! Fran was finally warm and comfortable.
The mother promised the little girl chocolate after the dentist appointment. That day, the dentist found no cavities in the girl's teeth. Happily, the girl and her mother returned to the store for the candy.
It had sounded as if something horrible had happened. She was just lying in bed terrified. She said that she saw something at her window.
He heads down to the bank. He puts all of his money into his savings account. He earns interest on his whole paycheck.
One night Katie was cooking spaghetti on a fire outdoors. The fire spread and eventually ignited the whole cabin. Katie made it safely away without getting burned.
They drove for a few hours and then set up camp for the night. The scenery was stunning. It was a relaxing trip.
George first had to prove his responsibility by caring for a plant. The plant he acquired was a small plumeria tree. It withered within a few months and George sadly accepted that he wasn't ready for a kitten.
Janice wanted to go Paris but was instead grounded. She dreamed of eating escargot and frog legs at a fancy restaurant. After her last night of being grounded Janice went to the library to study harder.
Marty went to the home improvement store with his sister. He helped her pick out a style within her budget. Marty designed a window valance his sister loved.
He escaped from the car before it sank. He made it to the shore, but had no way to call for help. It was the worst night that he could ever remember.
A few minutes later another boy came out of the house. He said he hurt his foot riding his bike. I told the boys to be careful riding their bikes.
Her parents didn't approve. Eventually she broke up with him. Dave was devastated
When Susan began to cry, a student named Jill came to comfort her. Because of Jill's kindness that day, Susan never bullied others again. She became a much nicer person.
Her skin brushed against many plants. When she finally got home she became very itchy. She realized she had walked through poison ivy.
Peter would have gotten tired of driving Sam around. Peter would have begun to make Sam give him gas money. Sam never started asking Peter for rides.
They made dozens of them. They wore them proudly. They felt special with their rings on!
A large tree branch fell on top of Rick. The branch was so big and heavy Rick's legs were crushed beneath them. Rick called 911 and told the operator that he was trapped and severely injured!
Suspecting as much, Matthew checked under his brother's bed. Matthew even went into his brother's bathroom to find his watch. His mother found the watch inside the brother's backpack.
However, Benny helped her up. He brushed her off as well. Since her hair fell on the sand, her parents had to wash it out.
I politely said yes because I was semi-interested in him. He took this well and was very happy. We left class together and he called me an amazing woman.
Harry decided that his boss wasn't paying him enough attention. He arranged a meeting to get to know his boss. Harry's boss was very impressed and gave him a higher position.
The leaned out and yelled to Ava as she walked along the trail. Ava turned her head. The car needed directions to the hospital.
With no money to afford a car, she knew biking would be necessary. She convinced herself it would be easy as she purchased a small bike. As she fell for the 4th time, she knew she had been wrong.
At first, Peter stayed away from the kitten. Then, one night, the kitten laid by Peter's feet as he slept. The kitten was so cute that Peter forgot his fear forever.
He also wanted to go on the water slide. When he went on it someone else wanted to go on it. He just tanned when it was busy.
It was not competition ready. It was not able to solve complex problems. The team was disappointed they couldn't compete.
He practiced basketball instead everyday for a month. Bill finally had his first game. He scored a basket!
I went to the store and bought some spices. I bought meat, vegetables, and pasta. Then I went home and ate my lunch!
Todd did a good job mowing the lawn. His neighbor paid him well. Todd used the money to buy dinner for him and his wife.
Jay woke his wife by making noise in the bathroom. The bathroom cabinet squeezed and banged. He admitted he made too much noise.
It is his secret lucky trick. He finds money when he does it. He uses it to help him pass tests.
The doctor asked him questions. Then he drew some blood. Paul had convinced himself that he had nothing to fear about the results.
The priest took him into the confessional by force. Christian was forced to confess all his darkest thoughts. After listening, the priest told him there was no hope for him.
Opening the door, I bent down to look into the eyes of a stranger! A huge raccoon moaned with pleasure as it scoffed down Woofwoof Mix. When I heard the scratching the following night, I stayed in bed!
His friends made fun of him but he didn't care. He loved all the freedom he had! He drove his convertible around proudly.
He put the ball in play. He did his job and the runners advanced. The next better got the game winning hit.
On the day of the talent show he went on stage first. Nick sang the song badly for lack of practice. The crowd booed loudly and laughed him off the stage.
Sarah went down and up. When Sarah jumped off and landed, her clothes were wet. The rain from the night before had gotten on Sarah.
She sulked and said she didn't like iguanas. Amelia refused to play with it or entertained it. A month later, her father bought a dog and she got what she wanted.
She created a book club for her friends' kids. She also read to them on weekends. And when she went back home, she always had a good book to read.
Everyone's grandparents were visiting the school. One of the grandmothers introduced herself to Jim. She told him she would be proud to have a grandson like him.
To make him quiet, they decided to get him some funnel cake. Benny started crying when his stomach hurt from eating too much sugar. It turned into a bad day.
He then sold the shirts for cash, and Henry went to buy food with some of the money. However, the cashier noticed that the money was fake. As soon as Henry found out, he tried to look for the buyer.
His one escape from this was riding horses, which he was good at. For years, he devoted all of his energy to becoming a good rider. Because of his size, he was able to become a successful jockey.
Our cat went under the bed. Later that night the news reported clear skies were coming. We were relieved.
However, the last offers were at even higher costs. My maximum offer was $40,000, until a man offered $45,000 dollars. Although I would have to take car loan, I offered $47,500 dollars.
He set up camp and left all his food in his tent to go for a hike. He returned from the hike and discovered that all his food was gone. He had to go inside the house so he could get something to eat.
Her mom signed her up for criminal justice classes. Marge went to the classes, getting her own apartment mid-semester. Once the classes finished, she applied to the police academy.
When Laura had her first ultrasound they saw a girl! Laura and Nick were very happy. They named their girl Charlotte.
Lucy looked at the necklace and noticed small lettering in the jewel. She read it and it said sic semper tyrannis. Lucy decided she was happy with the family heirloom.
Ray raced to his shed to get tools to clean the gutter. He spent the whole day trying to clean the gutter. In the end he was able to stop it from collapsing.
She bought all the ingredients. She followed the directions. Her fried chicken ended up burning to a crisp and they ordered out.
At work she pretended not to like it. Then she overheard other co workers talking about it. Jane was more open about talking  it from there on out.
He put meat and cheese on each one. Then he added mustard to all but the last one. Soon, he was finished with many sandwiches.
Suddenly just before the wick burned up, the rocket tipped over. The firework shot into the bushes. A huge fire was started, so Sean and his friends ran away.
He did however stop to greet her. As she smile, she offered him some of her water. But as she did so the water spurted out and covered them both.
One day Ally's dad surprised her with a trip to the zoo. While they were there they saw all of her favorite animals. Ally was so happy at the end of the day.
He couldn't wait for them to mature. He waited impatiently for several years. After a long while, the beautiful trees had really grown to something impressive.
Jim didn't wish he could erase all his memories of her. He realized there were good times. He decided forgetting even the bad memories was not worth it.
He continuted looking through the selection. Art could feel an associate watching him. Finally he asked the manager for help and found the cheese he wanted.
Danielle had to pay at the mail counter. She thought it was high, but figured it was because it was going to Canada. The postal employee handed Danielle a receipt.
She had practiced for many hours. If she could have gone to her performance she knew she would have played flawlessly. She then frowned in sadness.
Bernie heard some police sirens go off. He went inside to the basement. Bernie waited for the sirens to stop.
One night she couldn't sleep and got out of bed and started cleaning to pass the time. It was midnight and to her surprise she enjoyed cleaning at that hour. Now Angie cleans her home every night at midnight and enjoys it a lot.
Valerie had to rush to the store to buy a turkey. After rushing to get the turkey in the oven, the turkey turned out golden brown and beautiful. Valerie's uncle carved the turkey for everyone to eat.
Simon and his mom walked into the barn. They saw a door ajar with a sensor alarm on it. Simon and his mom saw that the door was causing the beeping.
When he got home, his parents pounced. He was struck and berated. Niles vowed to not rip his pants again.
He had been waiting a long time for it. He had stood in line for hours. Finally he was able to buy one.
She found plenty of temples to attend. Finally her meditation allowed her to obtain nirvana. She decided she would maintain her practices in the future.
He was taking all the doctor's advice that he could find. George could feel himself getting better. One morning he woke up and felt 100% better.
When he was eighteen, he got hired to be a roadie for a band. He quit when they wanted to tour the country. To this day, Diane says he was a homebody.
She recommended Anna to try using a facial scrub daily. In a few weeks she saw an improvement. In three months her acne was entirely gone!
The teacher called a conference with his parents. His parents decided not to ground Kenneth. The felt that Kenneth had learned that cheating is very bad.
She hoped that the snow would not melt while she was playing in it. There was still snow on the ground when Hannah stopped playing. She didn't let the cold keep her from building a snowman.
One afternoon, though, she forgot to wash it off. Her mom and dad told her how beautiful she was wearing a full face of makeup! Naya was content all day!
Amanda got all their friends involved. They surprised her when she came back from out of state. She was so happy she cried.
Bill quickly finished some repairs around the house. Bill used the rest of his time off to enjoy his cruise. The house was still in good shape when Bill returned to work.
Regis looked outside the front door and found the volleyball net. It had blown all the way down the block and was in a tree. Regis couldn't believe how far it had gone.
He asked them to bury those who contracted Ebola separately. Then T'Pol realized something. They all had contracted Ebola.
I was outside, but I could write notes on my hand. I took down the guy's contact information and he asked me to call him back in five minutes. I've tried for three hours and still can't reach him.
She decided to ride the fastest one. Unsurprisingly this made her very sick. But she didn't puke everywhere due to it.
He did not waste his money on clothes or shoes. When they had enough for them, he went and got them. He wore them home with joy.
He eventually woke up to eat breakfast. He brushed his teeth. Thomas went outside and started walking to school.
She threw it in the toy chest and felt the carpet. It was soaked! She yelled at her kids for being messy.
Alvin would stop and pick up a burger on the way home from work. He also ate a lot of what she cooked. Alvin's wife lost weight, but he gained it.
He was so happy but didn't know how to train it. He brought the kitten to a trainer with his parents. Within a few short months, the kitten was very behaved!
She texted her husband to see if he'd like some other pizza. For a minute he didn't reply before he finally responded eagerly. She picked up the new pizza and happily took it home.
They reimbursed him and he had to fill out a form. He didn't find any dog that was his in the lost pet section. Harold was very angry at the airline.
One weekend, his cousin Jared came to stay at his new house. It was nice, but it wasn't like old times anymore. That Monday, Michael stayed home all day.
Zoot almost ran two red lights. Liz was worried about the way Zoot drove. Liz always drove when Liz and Zoot went to dinner after that.
Kyle's parents decided to let him keep his computer. Kyle continued to work hard in school. Kyle was given an upgraded computer for all his hard work.
Sharon thought someone might mistake it for an alien spaceship at first. Or maybe they would think it was a blimp flying above the golf course. Sharon laughed at how silly it would be to believe in UFOs.
She eventually pressured her into a 12 day juice cleanse. After days of the cleanse, Fiona had enough and came to a decision. It was her body, and her decision whether she dieted or not.
The guy's name was Brian. Quinton and Brian fell in love. They got married one year later.
He wandered inside, and a man was having sex with his wife. Marcus was angry. The man asked if he would like to join.
Frida decided to take her time. She was able to double check the test. And so she passed her test.
She does not like to watch independent and domestic movies. Today I watched Slingblade while she was working. I will watch another movie on Monday.
Xavier wished he could swim underwater. He hoped to see a colorful parrotfish. Xavier would have reached out to touch the fish.
Sonya told her she got the outfit at the thrift store. Ann was skeptical because she bought it at the mall, but visited the thrift shop. Ann was surprised in the items she found in the shop.
He grabbed his money and ran towards the car. Francisco new martial arts He beat up Guillermo and took his car
Jim collapsed shortly after lunch. Jim's daughter showed up and asked me if her dad was in the ambulance. She was worried when I said yes.
Tyler was disappointed in himself. His parents recognize that he gave it an honest, compete effort. They gave him a prize anyway.
Shawn felt that he could learn to make the website on his own. He took many web development classes to learn how. Shawn failed to put together a very nice website.
We laid under a beach umbrella for cover. Everything was warm. It was disappointing when we had to drive home.
Jay's mom walked in his room an hour later. There was nothing different about it, he hadn't cleaned at all. Jay's mom got angry and yelled at him.
He got to the dock and jumped out. He said he didn't even get a nibble. As a fisherman's daughter, I knew that we wouldn't have dinner.
Then he would make a whew sound. He had not realized it before. He could stop his crazy laugh.
I had asked some professional writers What Should I Do? Those professional writers said scrap it. I regretted not being brave and placing my ebook on AMAZON DOT COM and I imagined it now being a bestseller.
The ants sprayed him with their stinky spray. Malik went home and washed himself with tomato juice. It made no difference, he smelled awful.
When Joseph got home he ate many vegetables. His mother was thrilled with his healthy ways. She soon would only buy healthy foods.
Karen put down her car visors to block the sun. Karen parked in the parking lot. She got her hat out of the backseat.
Since he was better, Jerry could move anywhere. He ended up taking the ball toward the back-court and then shot it. The ball flew towards the basket, and then it went in!
Angela picked out a nap spot and slept. She woke up and things were so much clearer! She was thrilled to be able to read.
Mr Smith shopped for a new oven but they cost over $300. The next weekend Mr Smith found a fairly new oven  at a garage sale. That was the best $20 that Mr Smith ever spent.
After an hour, Franklin was still in first. His friend had stopped to buy a popsicle and sit in the shade. Franklin persevered and won the race.
This year she tried a new pie with six different fruits. She waited nervously as the judges placed ribbons. She jumped for joy when they put the blue one by her pie yet again.
Shelly started wiping off the blades of the fan. When the cloth touched a light bulb the cloth pulled it off! The light bulb had ripped from its socket and was in the cloth..
Finally, I jokingly ask my sister if she peed her pants. I'm not sure what's worse, the fact that I asked or that she said yes. She then proceeded not to do anything to fix it.
When she went to get it ready, all of the spaghetti blew up. Virginia picked up her phone. She ordered pizza for delivery instead.
Ted the cook asked her if her husband treated her well. She told him politely to mind his own business. A week later, she and her husband moved out of town.
On television, the hockey team played well. Sally was hypnotized by what she saw. She decided she wanted to be try hockey sometime.
Lola promised she would fead the hedgehog and clean its cage She named the hedgehog Sonic Lola loved having a pet of her own
I grabbed some and went to check out, The man said it was cash only. I had cash so I handed it to him and got starburst back.
I put it up on Amazon for sale as used. It sold in a day, at half price. I was glad to make profit from my sister's book.
It was empty now in the afternoon so he looked at the front steps. He smashed some empty bottles outside and climbed a tree. He left without going inside.
One day the seas get rough, and Robbie fell into the water. The salty captain rescued him, then rebuked him. Robbie got fired when they got back to shore.
The book help her out with algebra and geometry. When she took the exam, she completed it without any difficulty. Her teacher offered her a scholarship due to her high scores.
He had no trouble asking his crush out on a date, and she agreed. They went to the movies, had a great time, and later she gave a hug. She told him the reason she agreed was because he was so confident.
Then they went to Navy Pier to end their trip. The friends thought Chicago was a beautiful city. They'd had a great time with their friend!
He didn't feel safer with them. Jack spent the money from the cameras on a guard dog. He felt good about keeping his family safe.
My last oe broke. So I got another. But to my surprise this one has never broke.
His brother was a drunk and often never showed up. Rex and his wife fought about it a lot. He eventually had to close the showroom and go work at the grocery store.
He woke up and didn't know where his mom was. He looked outside the car, towards the traffic. His mom came back out to the car finally.
He couldn't find his keys that morning Eventually he realized they were in his pocket Tom's boss didn't know he was late
The guards let him in anyway. They accused him of being stupid. Soon Joe was in prison visiting his brother.
When she opened it, it had a beautiful enscription. Tina put it on her dresser. She wanted the beautiful diary to be on display.
Angry that the man was no longer paying attention to Kesha, she ran into the women's restroom. She opened a large window. Kesha left through the alleyway so she wouldn't have to see her date.
I sent a fake letter from the NBA asking her to coach basketball. She got all excited and told her mom. I confessed it was a joke, and she was good natured about it.
They watched it skeptically. When it was finished, they decided it wasn't as bad as the movie last week. They swore they'd never watch that one again.
I went to bed drunk last night. I must have peed the bed sometime in the middle of the night. Now our bed is ruined.
Roxanne called her dog into the room. Roxanne pointed to the mouse to show her dog. The dog jumped on the mouse and killed it!
Finally she found the little dog asleep under a bush. Kathy could hear it snoring! Kathy laughed and the dog opened one eye to look at her.
Even at 2pm, the temperature was only 85. I was surprised when my wife came home and turned on the ac. The temperature had risen to 88 and it was very humid outside.
One day Margaret decided to ask him about his clarinet. He didn't answer her. Margaret decided he was still strange after all.
He worked hard every day and studied with his tutor. At the math competition, he came in second place. He happily put his trophy on his shelf at home.
He camped out by the side of the volcano alone. He did not listen to the precautions given to him by his guide. Since his tent was not properly closed, her got bitten by a snake.
She tried on lots of pairs. She found the perfect pair! They looked and felt great, so she bought them.
At first he thought there was only rubble. But he dug through it and did manage to find some salvageable things. He was so happy he was able to find them.
He bought a bunch of Che Guevara t-shirts from Hot Topic. He wore them on the lawn of his university campus. Everyone thought he was starting a protest against the school.
It was relaxing and made his muscles feel great. Rob was instantly in a better mood. Showers were Rob's new favorite way to relax.
Susan's mom left for the dance in a shiny car. When they got there, Susan's mom had such a good time. Billy and Susan's mom really enjoyed their prom.
The lipstick opened in her pockets. It was squashed all over everything. Anna had to wash her pants very vigorously!
She bought new shot glasses for the occasion. When she took them out of the box, they were all broken! Patty was very upset.
Then, Jose practiced for two hours every single day. After two years, he was the best player in the world. Now everyone admires Jose for playing the trumpet.
When I commented, the youngest said her dad said was happy. When I pressed further, she said he said they love brushing their teeth. Well, I know who I will be babysitting for again.
He figured it would shrink in the wash so he bought it a little bit bigger. He was right. The shirt fit Tom perfectly and was much better after being washed.
During the audition, he nailed his lines. Wendell was elated, and was certain that he would get the part. He was overjoyed when the producer called to tell him he got the role.
During union meetings, Ace had a hard time. He blamed Kip for his decision and they fought bitterly. The both stuck it out and eventually became union leaders.
She was too ugly to enter the county's beauty pageant. When she reached 19 she had a record deal as a singer She never became an icon because of her looks
She went and got a deep dish pizza instead. She heard later that the tower had been closed anyway. Avery was happy that her day turned out well
The nail technician told Alexis to pick out a nail polish color. Alexis selected a bottle of glittery blue nail polish. She left the salon with soft hands and glittery polish on her fingers.
She found out she had a cavities in all her teeth. The dentist said he could take care of all the cavities right away. Robin was glad the dentist could fix it during that same appointment.
His mom told him to wake up. He snuck back into the bed and slept more. Max slept until that night.
They were excited and nervous. It would be their first year in the school since vacation. They were anxious to see who was in their class.
Todd headed to the coffee shop to meet him. He found a really nice guy that needed a home. Todd ended his day with a new best friend!
She raced out of the house to go the store. Finally she got there. But it was too late as everything was sold out.
Jessica went inside the bank. She handed the check to the bank teller. The bank teller would not cash the check for Jessica.
He loved to sit on the end of one and stare at the ocean. The way the ocean smell blew in the breeze was so relaxing! Nothing was more peaceful than a day on the pier.
This would basically be hour added on to his friend time each day It made his parents excited to tell him that he could ride the subway Special arrangements had already been made
I went to my computer and used a search function. I couldn't find a similar paper. The student was given an A Grade
She loaded up her car and drove towards the coast. She was amazed at all she was seeing! Mary decided she needed to take more long drives in the future.
Jerry found someone selling kabobs on the street and ate it. He got very sick and had to be rushed to the hospital. The doctor warned Jerry to never eat street kabobs again.
He was grateful he didn't have to eat the cans of cat food. He tried to get his brother to eat one. The brother said no because it would be disgusting.
Outside his window, he saw a pedestrian walking as he blew past. Michael drove his car patiently. Content that the traffic advanced forward quickly.
However, my father-in-law decided to make remarks about me all night. So my husband punched him to shut him up. Now I'm sitting at home alone while he's in jail for battery.
Mikey sighted the squirrel with his gun. Mikey felt bad for the squirrel though, and couldn't pull the trigger. The deer suddenly ran away and Mikey was relieved.
She decided to get some copies of Vogue magazine. Then she checked out. She returned the magazines five weeks later.
They jogged up and down the empty highway. Then they would eat sandwiches for lunch under a big oak tree. After lunch they would run some more.
I called the cops and tried to put on my shoes while they got there. The thieves also stole the laces out of my shoes. The cops didn't believe I was robbed because of what was stolen.
He ended up with an empty bag. His rock shelf was still empty. His friends thought it was a failure.
She watched someone make a snowman with her father. When they were done she and her dad made popcorn balls. At the end of the day, she slept very fast, happy and content.
He had just received the car. He explained he bought a house and the car was included in the price. She told him he had everything he needed to have it declared his own.
He also noticed his closet was really bare. Tom decided to buy more clothes. It filled up a lot of closet space.
Sal said he was feeling more tired than usual. I refrained from saying maybe it was he was 99. I just said he'll probably feel better soon.
She managed to avoid getting any mosquito bites. Her friend, on the other hand, had to put on lots of Benadryl when she got home. Her friend never forgot bug spray again.
We figured the car better be serviced. My wife brought the car in. There was only debris that needed to be cleaned out
Just like Tanya predicted, calling him was impossible. He moved back to town, staying with their mom for a while. On Thanksgiving, Tanya and her brother sat and conversed in sign language for hours.
He is going to sleep in the lodge at the ski resort. He will go skiing again the next day as well. He is excited.
She would be excited to be home just to be alone without a bother. One day the doctor gave her anti-anxiety pills and her ailment was gone. She now had the courage to do most anything and she was happy.
But she immediately developed a crush on the band's lead singer. After the show she asked him for an autograph. He complied, and Stella was overjoyed.
He was bored sitting on a chair for hours on end. So he signed up for a diving class. He spent a fabulous summer learning in the pool but refused to explore under the sea.
Otis did a flip into the water. He landed on his back with a smacking noise. Otis swam to the edge of the pool to get out of the water.
His parents encouraged him to apply. So he gave it a try. But he got accepted, unsurprisingly.
They made several best selling albums. The band was a big success. David was pleased with his career choice in music
The old man woke and beckoned him closer. Jim thought this couldn't be happening. He turned around and the old man's wife punched Jim.
She mixed the limes with water and sugar. She put the limeaide she'd made on a table. Susie finally had her limeaide stand!
He watched on his phone to catch up with what the teams were doing. Frank was excited for a great season. He would sit and watch the games each Sunday.
Lucy saw one of the neighbor boys running and opening the garage. Lucy saw the little boy hug the dog and run away. The little boy did this every day after school!
Carla went to the store to buy walking shoes. She found a shoe she liked and bought it. Carla began walking with her friend that day.
The label sent him on tour to sell it. A large amount of people bought it. He made a lot of money.
She was always very small and wanted to learn. Katrina hired a trainer and trained very hard. Soon she was riding horses all the time.
Carl walked up to him to say hello. His acquantance told him to go away. He was not very friendly!
Melissa's grandpa instead showed her how to hold the bow. Melissa practiced this all morning long. She would get to shoot real arrows another day.
Because when she sees one, it would always make her scream! One day her dad taught her about bugs and she was no longer scared. From then on, she would help her brother find them.
Jason was pleased. He jumped up and hugged his brother. His mother saw and praised Jason.
The store delivered it to my house today. When I went to bring it inside, the box was already opened! It turns out, the scale works fine, but I'm not happy.
He went over his account several times. The overdraft fees amounted to hundreds. He was easily able to pay it back.
He ignored his back and neck pain until it became serious And he had to go to a chiropractor Bill learned he needed to take breaks
Then, a broker asked a lot of invasive questions. The broker demanded three years tax returns. Finally, her newspaper apartment was approved!
Sly had always dreamed of being in a band. He was excited they would be playing their first gig. Their boss told them he would be at the show
The streamers were shiny and long. The kids all played with them and celebrated. The party streamers made the party extra fun!
He saw himself on the camera he placed near his fridge. It turned out that he was the one taking all his own pickle juice. It was certainly an odd thing to do while sleepwalking.
With the money from his sale, Oscar went to the bank and deposited it. Oscar wants to, someday, purchase a blue convertible if the price is fair. Oscar can't wait to drive home in his new car.
She tripped on a pot hole. She tried to shake it off. It left the beautiful Freda with a slight limp.
Mother said we could eat out friday, if we ate tacos this whole week. On friday my father, told mom he lost his job so we  didn't go out. Now as adults me and my sister with not eat tacos, ever again.
Sandra saw a fluffy gray cat and a big black dog too. Sandra played with both animals. She decided to adopt the bunny as her new pet.
The audience was confused. The pageant was delayed. The contestants were sent home and disappointed.
When he didn't come back after dinner, I went out to go find him. I found him in his parent's living room, stealing Ambien from his mom's purse. That told me all I need to end this relationship.
It sliced her, and It bled an awful lot! Anna had to finish her shave very quickly. Then she hurried to apply a gauze pad to the blood.
But it was gone! She saw her mom rounding the corner with it already in her hands. She served the guests turkey with side dishes for Thanksgiving dinner.
Lisa called her dogs back inside. When the dogs came in they were scared from the noise. Lisa was soon covered in the fur they shed.
Doug always thought of her as very inspiring. He spent the evening writing about his mother. Doug's paper received a high mark, and his mother was very proud.
She looked at her keychain and realized she lost her home key. She called her husband and sat there and waited for a long time. Finally her husband arrived and Jill was able to go inside.
her girlfriend pulled me aside one night. She said she does my makeup because he thinks I'm terrible at it. She doesn't want to be embarrassed by me when she's in public.
She found the perfect cat for her. Vicki took the cat home with her. They became best friends!
He decided to wait on the sidewalk for the tow truck. The tow truck showed up and helped him fix his car. Despite all of this, Jake wasn't late for work!
Josh informed her that Jax wasn't particularly sociable yet, as he was a rescue. When his grandma got there, she didn't see any animals. Josh found Jax hiding under the bed.
She recalled a news story about children in hats. The hats could prevent brain growth. Our daughter said she would get rid of the hat.
Lindsay tried delivering her speech by memory. Her opponent won by a landslide. Lindsay decided to try to run again next year
They'd won the lottery and lots of people wanted to hear their story. They told them their experience about losing the fortune. The public loved hearing about the events.
Ellie was disappointed she couldn't have what she wanted. Ellie fantasized of a pizza with cheese and pepperoni. She let her friends know they wouldn't have pizza.
Tom enjoyed the water but it was cold. Tom didn't want to wake anybody up. So he decided to not to eat anything.
The truck bumped into Vincent and knocked him down. Mary's dad saw the accident and carried Vincent into their living room. Looking at Vincent's face, Mary knew she was in love.
Spending time with my uncle was nice There was a vending machine at the back of the store My grandmother owned the store
He went to the dentist to see what his options were. The tooth was loose, but the dentist offered him a solution. Max got a nice porcelain veneer to replace to old tooth, and his teeth looked better than before.
At the restaurant, he cooked delicious pizza. The customers decided Anthony's pizza was a winner. Since that day, many people pay Anthony to cook his famous pizza.
Melinda's tire was already flat. Melinda called the roadside assistance phone number. A tow truck came to Melinda and fixed her tire.
A limb had fallen on his neighbor's car. The next day, Stan was able to investigate. Unfortunately, the limb had caused damage.
I tried to explain my situation to the checker, and she listened. She thought I was trying to pay too much for the groceries, so she called the manager. The manager had to save me by charging me the correct amount.
The crush circulated all over the entire school. Marty came to John and apologized for having a crush on him. It was hard to do, but John decided to forgive Marty.
Nora rolled out the dough. Using a knife, Nora cut the dough into long noodle shapes. Nora cooked the noodles in a round pot of boiling water.
Jacob's second favorite team took the field and were down by one goal at halftime. Jacob prayed hard and they were able to score two goals. His second favorite team won and were the champions.
Tim was concerned about a bigger dog being too aggressive. Tim didn't want to have to intervene. The other dog's owners enjoyed the park.
I was really hungry. We each ordered a short stack and some eggs. I think this was a good breakfast.
He felt down about being laid off when he had performed very well. Bart vowed to be a fair boss as he  created 2 new jobs. After months of planning and making calls, Bart's company launched.
She saw so many pictures! It was a truly stunning sight. Jen was in awe of the beautiful monument.
They went to the market to get all of the ingredients they needed. Once they returned home, they made the pumpkin pie. The pie turned out delicious.
She gave them comfortable clothes to wear. And she fed them healthy food. Eventually, her cats got healthy and didn't die until old age.
Phil found it enjoyable, running a business. There were times he wished he was still just an employee, but not often. He kept at it and the place was more popular than before.
John noticed Dan did quite a bit of drinking during the evening. John decided he would abstain from drinking. John was happy they chose an Uber and everyone arrived home safely.
He was so happy he choked on food and had to be rushed to the hospital. The doctor said stephen would recover in 24 hours. Now Stephen is enjoying Brazil.
Today it was cooler. The cat jumped up onto the chair. She is now napping.
George's wife Lucille decided to help George build another cat tree. he did some online research about cat trees. The next week their new cat tree arrived in the mail.
Franny drove to the restaurant. She walked inside. Her best friend was waiting for her at the restaurant.
Jen called her mom. Jen's mom showed up at the bus. Jen walked into her house with her mom.
So she went to the doctor see if she had Celiac. She found out she did. Now she had to change her diet.
He thought he had decided on a dog, but then sometimes a cat sounded nice. Once at the store, Dwayne saw a small brown puppy and fell in love. He went home that day with a new friend.
The neighbor gave them each one dollar anyway. The girls put their money in a piggy bank. They decided to buy a card game with their money.
But that turned out not to be a problem! The wind picked up and  Anna almost lost the kite. But she had a wonderful time flying it!
She double checked her schedule. She swore she was supposed to be there. Then she realized it was Saturday
Teresa had gone there with her friends. They each ordered a Bloody Mary. Teresa got sick because it was served with an entire cheeseburger on top!
Tim wound up chipping his tooth. It was worse than expected. He had to get it fixed by a dentist.
Kate turned on a corner in the house. Her friends jumped out from behind a couch and yelled Surprise! They had planned a surprise party for Kate's birthday.
This will be my first time there. The weather is supposed to be terrible though. I am still excited to go.
He makes them in the wood workshop. He lets birds sleep on the top floor. It was his biggest project since the barn.
The woman at the counter refused her  passport. She says because it only has a month left on it. The trip we were supposed to take was only five days.
One day Jamie overheard her boss talking. The boss was being sexiest and Jamie confronted him. The boss was fired on the spot for the accusations.
She hadn't cleaned out the dog beds. Tom was annoyed and asked her to do so. She reluctantly agreed.
They were all different colors and shapes. She displayed them on the door. It made her house look so homey!
Isaac's parents called hotel desk. Isaac and his family had to search in the grass for the gas toy. Isaac thought it was the coolest day ever!
One evening, she decided to go shopping for an outfit in the city. She passed by the window of a store and saw a nice gown. She saved up and bought it, then wore it to the next dance.
It was Friday, so it wasn't a big deal to stay home. Nita recuperated over the weekend. By Monday, she felt much better!
The tobacco spilled onto the porch. It was hot, and the porch sat on fire. Leon threw the pipe in the yard and put out the fire.
Then I chanced upon a jazz cd with an attractive woman on the cover. I bought it on a whim and loved the music. I go to the jazz singer's concerts all the time now.
Once he made her steal some things for him. He told her if she did it again, she would be off the hook. Instead, Linda went to the police.
He asked me for help the next day and I tried to help him out. After I tutored him a bit he asked the coach about joining the starting team. The coach tried him out a bit and was impressed!
I jumped out of bed and quickly dressed myself for breakfast outside. I weaved in and out of traffic to get to the meal. When I arrived at the cafe the business had not even opened up yet.
As they drove, her contractions sped up quickly. Soon she felt the urge to push and she had to give birth in the ambulance. Luckily, her baby was delivered safely.
It wouldn't be fixed for hours. They decided to have family time for fun. They did it with bottled water and had fun.
When Lisa pulled up to it, she had to get out to open the gate. She was irritated with this. Lisa felt very secure behind the gate thought atleast.
She decided to get a potty chair with his favorite cartoon on it. Her son still refused to sit on the potty unless it was the adult potty. She eventually got her son to use the big potty.
She put the seat belt on the baby. Eve bundled the baby up in a blanket. The baby started cooing happily.
When I got finished, I went to inspect where the rock went. I found the trash can lid completely shattered. The rock also managed to crack the can's side, too.
He saw one cross the field. He fired a shot and it rolled over. Jim loved beaver hunting every year.
Ramona's mom found a package deal on the internet. Ramona was so excited! Ramona proudly wore her beautiful new dress during the trip.
He was in NYC this before he died. He went to see his sister and his 2 year old niece. His niece was crazy about him but was shy that day.
Teresa's mom didn't mind the cleanliness but had to complain about the electricty usage. Her mother said to make ed every morning and only wash the sheets once a week. Teresa accepted the terms and everything turned out fine.
Ryder and Sadie drove home after a long day. While they were driving they heard something hitting the trunk. The spare tire had came loose and was moving around.
Tom didn't need to buy more. He didn't get everyone's money and go to the store. Everyone at the party was thankful.
When I got off, I met a somewhat famous star. I told the star how much I enjoyed his work. He rolled their eyes at me.
It creaked and moaned under his weight. He swung slowly but finally made it. He was relieved to be on the other side!
She added the perfect amount of salt. The husband tasted it, and said it was delicious. Turns out her husband was right.
Jay showered, got dressed and hopped into his car. As he rounded the corner he noticed a closed sign on the French Toast restaurant. Jay's morning was ruined by this sight.
The groomer cut its hair and gave it a bath. The groomer cut its hair and gave it a bath. Dale took him home to snuggle him.
It was soon apparent that she could be silent for days. Ella figured out she could write every time she needed something. The next day, Ella tried not talking again.
Despite this Billie's dad made her get a haircut every month so she looked like a boy. One day she told her dad about the bullying about her having a boy's name. Billie's father felt so bad he never made her cut her hair again.
She practiced her floor routine She checked in with her coach Shen went back to the floor mat and did her routine
Tom was flattered but knew it was wrong. He told him he was married and set boundaries. He appreciated his direct approach
Marta asked Michael to accompany her to an awards ceremony. Michael readily accepted the invitation. Michael felt bad because he was deceiving his brother.
Through trials and tribulations, Thomas grew into a great man. He attended the best schools, and graduated into a successful doctor. Thomas was a great example of someone that started with nothing.
His cargo of food and supplies got scattered all across the road. He finally came to a stop. He was relieved that he was still alive.
He'd never done that type of work before and wasn't interested. Even though he though he would be great at it. By the end of the year, he was the top earner in a different job.
He wore them to work the next day. His coworkers all complimented him. Gerald felt very confident in his new shoes.
Sam changed the cat's diet. He also started feeding it less. Nothing worked and the cat remained fat.
I was worried the radiologist could not see me until tomorrow. When I returned in the morning, he gave me appropriate equipment to keep myself safe. The radiation session only lasted a couple of seconds.
Ray boarded the train when his seat number was called. Ray got his luggage from the carousel after the ride. Ray went to the beach as soon as he arrived in Bora Bora.
Her professor asked if anything was wrong. Fay told him about the night of partying and being tired. Her professor liked her dedication and gave her a good grade.
Jim went to his bedroom closet. He found a tank top. Jim removed his shirt and put the tank top on.
I could not wait to hear her other great news either. She had also just got the promotion at work. We both screamed in excitement together.
Allen's face turned red because of a bad sunburn. Allen rubbed aloe vera gel on the burn. Allen's skin peeled off where it had burnt!
He went to his old, familiar gym. They had very good facilities. Chad didn't need to sign up for a new gym.
: On the way home, Jeff got a flat tire. He was scared changing the tire on the interstate but he got it fixed. Jeff realized driving comes with responsibility as well as fun.
She mixed the batter and added the chocolate. She tasted it to be sure it was good. It was perfect!
But on April Fool's Day John bought a dozen plastic spiders. John poured the spiders all over Bill's bed. John laughed so hard when he heard Bill scream at seeing the spiders.
It was very heavy. But it was still time to get rid of it. And I realized how much trouble it is to maintain it in a cool climate.
They made contact and Tom waved her over. As she approached, Tom pulled out a cigarette and offered her one. Jane smiled and accepted.
She wasn't sure if she wanted to continue college or not. She would need to do well if she wanted to graduate. Dawn was determined to make school a success.
Still, as an adult she tried to visit her mom a bit more often and learn about him. During one visit, they happily discovered they loved the same author. It wasn't much knowledge, but it was a start.
Aiden and Riley could tell their bears apart. When they got home their mom found a permanent marker. he wrote each child's initial on each bear's tag  so they wouldn't fight over them.
She held out a cracker. The rabbit took the cracker. That made Layne's day.
She poured the oatmeal into others bowls. Grandma placed the dishes on the table. We ate the oatmeal for breakfast.
Malcolm looked forward to going home. The teacher asked him why he was so happy. Malcolm informed them that he felt good about the test and was ready to go home.
After the first week, he noticed that the plants were growing slowly. Going online, he bought fertilizer and other items to spur growth. After just five weeks, his garden sprouted beautiful flowers.
There was no one to listen to the minister. When finally the minister was done, the sun came out. The minister was in awe to see the light on the coffin.
He was usually asked to join the group of friends. Without warning, he was fired from his job. His friends were by his side when he needed them the most.
Until one day he was followed to the spot by a friend. Soon many of his friends would spend time at the spot. Ahmed was easygoing and learned to enjoy some company while surfing.
He practiced many hits. He hit long drives. He was able to make the team and eventually won a game.
Lisa's young daughter told her that her friend had asked for the earring. Lisa congratulated her daughter for her kindness. Lisa took her daughter for ice cream as a reward for being selfless.
He taught himself to cook in a healthy way. His friends encouraged him a lot. Soon, the man had lost weight!
Marla wanted to plant onions, cilantro, and tomatoes. Marla got new seeds and watered the garden. By the end of the summer Marla had enough vegetables to make salsa.
Sometimes I hear beeping from other streets. Today I found it was because cars try to pull into traffic too soon. The oncoming cars beep angrily.
My mom said she wanted grand-children so she started crying. I told her that I also plan on having kids She gave me one look and started crying harder.
Her ring slipped off and went down the drain. Carla was frantic! She pulled apart the drain and luckily found the ring.
He finally convinced his mom get him a skateboard and skate. The first day he took it out on the street, he fell many times. Eventually, he got pretty good and was one of the gang.
They were both nervous. John lit up when Rita agreed to skip marriage. John and Rita had a happy life after that.
She claimed our water was warmer than hers, but I did not believe her. An inspection found her hot water pipe was closed and the water was cold. I was amazed.
Jenny ate lunch in the cafeteria with her co-workers. She went back to her temporary work setup after lunch to work some more. Jenny found her car in the parking lot at the end of the day.
I just bought the first pair that I found. I had to take them back and return them I've learned to alway try on pants in the store
Ryan sat by a tree until it stopped raining and he cast out a line. He felt a fish tugging on his fishing pole. He yanked the line and reeled in a large walleye.
I now have a twelve-year-old daughter. I am beginning to see why my parents did those things. My parents were a lot smarter than I thought they were!
He shared the cupcakes with the other students. They all wished him a happy birthday Evan was happy that he had spent his birthday with his friends
It was exciting. Living in her hometown was boring. Ellen never moved back home.
She wanted to buy some cheap fast food. Kim's friend got it for her and she ate it quickly. It filled her up but not in a pleasant way.
He was glad he emptied his lunchbox. He remembered the time the dirty lunchbox stayed in his room all weekend. By the time he had brought it into the kitchen, it had smelled horrible.
She was able to get a customer who needed a fast order so Lisa worked all night on the customer's order. The next day the phone rang. Her customer had gained all of his weight back and now she had to redo the seams.
The Director rewarded him by asking him if he would like to come up front. The boy learned it was not easy to lead a choir. The boy was very grateful when he went back to his seat.
His dad checked it out. His dad told Paul he had found the problem. His dad held up a piece of cardboard stuck next to the tire.
The numbers had been drawn and he had lost. Edward was upset he wasted the money. He would never buy a lotto ticker again.
In a parking lot, he called her from a payphone. She was angry he'd called so late, but she said he could come by. He got into his car, driving into the morning sun.
Desperate to escape the heat, she ran to turn on the AC. There, she turned on the cold air and breathed. Luckily that helped her cool off completely.
The woman had looked at me funny, and she told me I was too young to be having sex and to reconsider. I had told her, I'm 16 and I don't take the pills to have sex. I take them to help control my outrageous acne.
He prepared the coals and had the chicken ready to cook. The chicken had been cooked to perfection. Jason loved eating the chicken.
Tiffany never knew she had such a rich father until one day after work. A friend surprised her at her home, eager to see her. He talks about how rich they must be to have a makeup artist on staff.
I eat so many fries, that the oil was bad for my health I was sad that I might have to give up fries. However, a friend told me to just eat oven fries instead.
The old one would burn his toast. He got fed up of it one day. Burned toast is gross.
He isn't sure if he likes Angel Food Cake. His mom says to try it, he may like it. Logan DOES like it.
She got dressed and got her hair and makeup done. She felt beautiful and excited. She couldn't wait for her sister to be married!
Sarah had decided to study every day until Friday. When the teacher gave the test, Sarah was ready. Sarah made an A on her exam.
While driving to school Molly began to think about seeing her friends. As soon as she got out of the car her friends greeted her with smiles. When Molly got home, she felt better about school.
She went to the supermarket to buy a bag. They were out of stock. She settled for a cheap bag of sweet potatoes.
He started golfing at the new place every evening. He bought new clubs and a membership. Rob was glad he had a new place to improve his game.
Everyone was dressed in some really silly swimwear. It made it very easy to mingle. I think I may throw on like it next year.
He asked them if they can help him out with Korean.. They looked at each other with a strange grin in their face Of the kids told Jerry that he's not Korean.
Tera got very mad. So when Allie had her party, Tera was alone. She wasn't amused.
Everyone had fun with it. They still made their cards. They thought it was special.
A little white cat sat on her doorstep. Beatrice found the cat's owner's phone number on its tags. She called the owner and told him she found the cat.
She went down the list and put things in the cart. When she got home, she was ready to cook. She bought exactly what she needed.
My friends said she didn't act like herself when speaking to them. After she left, I was disappointed in them. They felt embarrassed since they acted in a bad manner.
They argued and argued but wouldn't stop in front of Damien. Minutes had gone by and still no sign of movement from their precious child. The parents had a hard time moving their boy and learned a hard lesson.
Tom was glad because he didn't want to clean it It looked so much better. Tom thanked his roommate
I wanted to make sure I did everything right. I had wanted this job for a long time. It was a wonderful day.
She told them that she was lost. Jim contacted the police while Theresa comforted the girl. The police found the girl's parents and she was very relieved.
Mariana spent the next 3 months reading all the books. The day of the club, Mariana marina was prepared. Mariana began to beam with joy as her dream of being apart of a book club had become a reality.
I forgot to press the mute button, so everyone on the call heard it. They started asking what that noise was. I said someone's car had backfired in the parking lot.
One night, Bill got a call that a man had been badly hurt at a bar. All the customers said it was Bill's brother that had hurt the man. Bill had no choice but to arrest him again but this time he also finally locked his brother up.
His grandparents served pork for supper. Harold ate a decent serving of the food. He was sick all night
My son had previously asked her for suggestions. At her request, he also got her a subscription to a soap opera magazine. She was very happy.
He saw some logs coming up obsctrucing in his path. He tried to move out of the way, but he was going too fast. Joe crashed his canoe into them instead.
She asked Adelyn if she wanted to help feed the calves. Adelyn was so excited she couldn't wait to feed them. Adelyn and her aunt fed the babies with giant bottles of milk.
They loaded the boat and took off. They sailed very fast. They came across the line fast, at a speed that would beat the other boats.
They waited outside for the zoo to open. Once the zoo opened, they walked all around the zoo looking at the animals. Everyone was tired and happy when they headed back home.
Tracy called her mother. She asked her mother to bring the boy the gift. Tracy's mother brought the gift for Tracy to give the boy.
Her husband on the other hand was completely against it. She debated him for weeks before he'd ever consider it. Finally, he allowed her to get a c-section and it went fantastically.
When we talk it is still very strange sometimes. Sometimes he keeps asking me the same questions about my life. I just answer him, knowing he will ask again the next day.
Tom never found out who did it. He never got the computer back. Tom had to buy a new one.
She hurriedly put them in the scrapbook. She also haphazardly decorated the pages. She decided she had done a good job.
Jill saw the bus pull away as she reached the stop. Jill stood and watched the bus drive away. The bus kept going.
Rain came down into Henry's eyes. He wiped it off with his hand and continued to walk. Eventually, Elena met up with him.
She took a nibble of a new brand of nugget and wasn't so sure. It tasted a little spicy. She took a larger bite to get a better idea of whether or not she liked it.
He dreamed of vanilla ice cream in a bowl. In his dream, Paul poured chocolate sauce over the ice cream. Finally, Paul topped his dessert with a cherry on top.
I don't like olives I ordered a drink It helped wash out the taste.
The FBI began investigating him in the past. He knew they were on his trail back then. They caught him and he went to prision.
During the wedding, they tied large red balloons to the back of Paul's car. Paul saw this, and became so happy that he high fived one of his friends. Paul spent his honeymoon with fond memories.
She had never experienced love before. For quite awhile, she experienced no emotions. Luckily, in time she was able to accept love and loved her boyfriend unconditionally.
It was a hard fall and his arm snapped and he screamed. Sam also chipped his front teeth on the sidewalk. From then on people called him Chippy instead of Sam.
His favorite part was always the lion tamer. When Jimmy got home, he tried to do a flip onto a lion. Jimmy's parents had to bring him to the doctor for a severed leg.
He didn't like killing deer as much. His dad knew that so he did all of the shooting. Tim was glad he got to hang out.
She joined a gym by herself. She practiced every night. She made the team on her own.
They picked their activities and had dinner before going to sleep. They woke up to find the fridge left open all of food rotten. The next night, they refilled their fridge with food and checked the door.
They did not talk about their homes for the next 20 years. One day, Tina decided to look Tana up on the online YellowPages. They realized that they now lived in the same town and reunited.
They went to the beach and dressed up. It was a fun trip. They couldn't wait to do it again!
Tom really loved the way it looked. His wife really liked it as well. They smiled every they looked at it.
He feared he never would get one and became very sad. One day his mom took him to the local toy store. She bought him a toy dinosaur and he was very happy!
I was really nervous. And I struggled to look anyplace for a job. As expected, I didn't get hired.
The reading involved natural selection and adaptation. The budding scientists liked seeing the information. They were all inspired to learn more about science.
She felt strange when she saw a pair of lingerie on her couch. Elana's husband denied it, but then a lady came out of the closet. He quickly tried to make an excuse for why she's there.
He was sure it would be tasty. Tom noticed a great smell when he started cooking it. He decided to cook a big batch of hamburgers.
Her husband immediately to her for a speedy ride to the hospital. She was admitted to the labor and delivery ward. Annie's baby was born early the next morning.
The average cost was $100. Last week I found the same pair of custom shoes on Amazon for $80. I vowed to do more comparison shopping.
He did a lot of research into it. He got a great car for his gift. Tom kept that car for several years.
The father of her child claims she is an unfit mother. Tim lives in Boston and flew down this week. I wished him good luck in the case.
He stood for a few minutes to look at the fish. A large fish came out of nowhere. It landed in front of the dock and almost attacked Henry.
The dog looked like her sister's dog. Ellen stopped to get a better look. The car behind Ellen's ran into her.
He decided to keep his brand name tablet, cell phone and laptop. He never again bought generic brands electronics. Tom ended up saving money!
Tom's girlfriend never mentioned it. Eventually Tom asked about it. Apparently she had never received it.
She got me a lemon square. I poured a cup of coffee and had the square. It was very tasty.
I wore it everywhere. I felt good in it. It was like my security shirt.
The customer had six dollars. Benny gave him back three dollars in change. The customer became furious at the incorrect change and began yelling at Benny.
Upon turning around, he found that there were two dogs behind him. Putting his hand out, one nipped him on the hand. Dan turned back around, and sprinted the long way home.
Kate rolled down a road. Kate's hand slipped and she lost control of her bike. She fell off the bike damaging it in the process.
She added some decorative touches. Her home looked very different. She was proud of her hard work!
She decided to surprise visit her at work. She dropped off food and encouragements. Jane was very pleased.
He loved copy editing articles. Many of his edits were undone due to arcane community rules. Jared used this feedback to improve his editing.
They rented a plane to fly to Australia. On the flight there they learned a hurricane was eminent. They decided to tour Nashville.
Sato had amazing handwriting. The teacher told Sato maybe he should consider it as a hobby. Sato left the classroom happily.
I dropped a side wall beam while putting it up. It scraped a line of skin off my arm as it slid to the ground. When people see the injury they think it looks like I slit my wrist.
Gabe found a rare whale bone, and wrote a paper about it. The faculty of his university department were impressed with his work. After graduation, Gabe was offered a faculty position at his school.
After laying on the beach for a while he sat up. Unfortunately, a jellyfish flew out of the water and grabbed him by the face. Melvin spent the rest of the day at the first aid station.
Sybil poured the cup contents into the blender and turned the blender on. Yogurt and strawberries sprayed everywhere! Sybil realized she forgot to put the lid on the blender.
10 years later her daughter said she was in trouble. She owed $3K to a loan shark, and H gave her the money. Later H found out her daughter had tricked her.
After restarting Chelsea caught the lead. However, Hannah tripped her by accident. Tina ended up winning the race since the other two fell.
Amy began to lose her balance. She grabbed onto the fan blades. Amy broke the fan blades as she fell to the floor.
Everyone in Gina's office received her picture. Since the boss received the photos, he called Gina to his office. She was fired from her job.
Albert's car began to overheat. It was too overheated to drive. Albert spent the night in a nearby hotel.
Shannon had company over the next weekend. She thawed a freezer meal. Her guests hated eating it for dinner!
I wanted it to look cool too. It ended up looking like the batmobile. It was a practical car for a child.
All the other coworkers were there. They hated  having a night out with Sal's negativity. The next time he wasn't invited to a night out, and Sal couldn't understand why he'd not been invited.
He realized how messy his apartment was. Tom decided to spend the day golfing while she cleaned. He was a bit tired but felt accomplished.
Studying was stressful but I didn't take breaks. In the end, I studied just as much as I needed to. I felt great that I was prepared for the test.
He was moving, his house worth $500K. My brother was shocked, as he paid $90K for his unit in 1986. His wife is urging him to sell and move out.
Jealous, Hugo tried to trip Morgan. The teacher's saw this behavior. And Hugo got a detention.
Dan plucked the wildflowers out of the ground. He brought them home in a canvas bag. Dan put the wildflowers on the dinner table that night.
But the night before, he was so excited and worried about not being prepared he didn't get a wink of sleep. He slept through his alarm, and was almost an hour late to school. He reflected sadly that it wasn't exactly the best way to get started.
She was sad that she wouldn't be able to march up to the stage where she would receive her degree. She decided to try again and then when she graduated, she proudly walked across the stage. The dean of the RN program handed Dori her degree.
His dad told him he was ready to go. Lucas went with him, and slipped in the river. When Lucas got home, he had a good scolding.
She would charge each child a nickel for every day they didn't floss. Her son, Rick, thought a nickel was nothing and eschewed flossing. Rick regretted this when his siblings kept their cash and he got gingivitis.
Her friend put the products on her. Jane felt really beautiful! She bought everything they used.
They had already read each one before the start of the week. They wanted more! Their mom took them to the library to get more things to read.
A water snake started swimming toward them. Cathy screamed in terror. Mike and Cathy couldn't paddle as fast as they could to get away.
Even though I studied for a long time, I'm not sure how I am going to pass the quiz. I'll just try to guess the answers on the quiz if I don't know them. I hope that I somehow I pass the quiz.
When we get home, he tried to do that. He grabbed my neck to pull me toward him. Long story short, he now has a black eye.
He was a tall clean-cut man that always seemed to smile. He had grey skin and reeked of flowers when he was anywhere near. This old man who was the pride of the town, the mortician.
He knew it was harmless and was afraid someone would be scared. He picked up a large garbage can that had fallen over. He then carried it to the nearby garage and safely put it down.
He chose push lawn mower over plug-in. It was so quiet he could talk on the phone while he mowed. Rick enthusiastically welcomed the exercise.
She decided to try hard and danced everyday. She quickly became very good. That summer she was accepted into a dance production!
Jill had her textbook. Her teacher called on her for the answer. Jill knew what it was immediately.
Last spring he got very sick. He went to the veterinarian who gave him some pills for his liver. Zaddy Tracks got better.
I went to sneak a sip from the carton earlier today. And all I tasted was fresh soy. She had placed the new soy milk into the refrigerator.
When he got there, he fainted and did not wake up for several hours. When he awoke in the hospital, a doctor told him he was lucky, because he had been poisoned. The pumping of his stomach was successful and Mike was able to live until very old.
They went to the game and they sang the seventh-inning stretch. Kyle caught a foul ball. He had the ball autographed after the game.
It felt like she could not eat anything at all! She never found substitutes for most foods. She was using a lot of effort to choose vegan options.
They would come back next week and see stingrays and sharks. Last time they went, her child's favorite thing to watch was in the coral reef exhibit. A man wearing a scuba suit was inside cleaning the tank!
That is, she was worried they would look awful because she sewed too quickly. Ultimatly they looked great. Beth was proud of the work she'd done.
The drama teacher had no need to build up Helen's courage. He practiced with her on how to overcome the crowd. Helen was eventually able to speak her lines in the play out aloud and impress everyone.
She watched a horror movie. It was adapted from her favorite author. She really liked Stephen King..
While she was cooking the phone rang and she began to talk. Dee didn't lose track of time using speaker phone and her dinner was smelling delicious. She ran to the oven when it was time and her dinner was done.
He bought her a watch to keep her on time. Soon, Jenny was on time for every appointment. The watch made a huge difference in her life.
She soon learned it was really fun! Her arms felt good from the intense workout. Anna realized that kaying was fun and good exercise
When I went inside, the bouncer asked for a 40 dollar cover. I spent the entire night staring at my empty wallet. I went home and decided to never go back again.
Tim should have practiced on his own. He quickly became the worst on his team. He lost several championships.
As soon as it came by, Tina opened her eyes as big as she could. It was too beautiful. Once it was over Tina decided it was time to go home.
Especially for a wedding, Donna would be nervous from stage fright. Even if it was in front of the small group, she would still be nervous. After another friend gave the reading, her sister apologized to her afterward.
However it was the only way to get there, and it was filled to capacity. She had just barely gotten on before it filled. At least she wasn't going to be late.
Kelly saw the store where the couple was registered. Kelly didn't have time to pick out a gift for the bride and groom. She had bought a gift certificate from the same store instead.
I went on the playground and found a coupon for free pancakes. I received a code that will give me a free stack of pancakes. I am looking forward to going again to IHOP.
They payed close attention during the sermon. They were applauded by Mr Banno. They promised to do it again.
Anna didn't know what treats caused tartar! The pet store supplied her with everything she needed. Soon Anna was giving her dog healthy treats every day!
She kept changing the song. Eventually there was a song Tom liked. They listened to it together.
Her friends all knew where they were. They'd get them out and play for hours Danielle's room was known to be a fun place
Walton looked over the security footage to identify the woman. He approved the woman for shopping at the store Walton didn't post a picture of the woman at every register.
She searched all over the house and could not find it's box. Still determined she decided to retrace her steps. She then found the ring box in the closet and was overjoyed.
However, William started to get louder. Janet became mad. She threw her bag at William and knocked him down.
When I had finally talked to my boss about it, he refused to accept it graciously. I felt bad as I headed to the door of his office. Until I heard him whisper under his breath insults about me, then I did not feel bad anymore.
She needed a perfect dress for the dance! She decided to make one at home. Laura couldn't wait to finish the dress.
Jennifer woke up early one day and noticed cranes next to the pool. Excited, she ran in to get bread. The cranes are out of her hand, and she enjoyed it very much.
They sent Terra gifts in the mail instead. Terra got three identical soccer balls from three friends. Terra and her parents laughed at the coincidence.
Bill decided that he'd better see the doctor about the bad sunburn in case it turned to cancer. The doctor examined the spot, then provided aloe vera for him. Bill learned later that it was not cancer, but he uses sunscreen now.
Sienna lost ten pounds in the first month. She was inspired to do even better. She exercised harder for five more months.
Today I got into the car and it was almost on empty. I went to a gas station and filled up the tank. I had just forgotten to look at the fuel gauge.
After calling her professor he told her he'd see her Monday to take the test. When she got to class she learned the test had been postponed for everyone for that Monday. Tabitha had studied all weekend and was ready for the test.
Timmy and his brother began to really scare each other. They couldn't fall asleep. Timmy and his brother went back in the house to go to sleep.
I showed up sick and finished the presentation. When I finished it , I accidentally sneezed on the girl in the front row. The teacher saw and she shook her head and wrote on her paper.
She kept to herself and stayed inside all day. She didn't touch anything or anyone. Hope felt safe from the AIDS virus but had a terrible trip.
He wore it out on a very cold night. Tom was able to stay warm. He only wore it on cold nights from there on out.
It was too late, so they decided to sleep. The next morning, Yogi couldn't believe his eyes. Local critters had taken over their camping spot.
Leroy's mother wanted him to go out and play more often. She took away his video games and made him go outside all day. Leroy found he actually did like playing outside after all.
He made lots of friends by encouraging his teammates They all swam in a race together They would always be friends
He went with Diana to check it out. When they got in, the truck was filled with old artifacts. Since they were dusty, Benny didn't bother touching anything.
Kevin looked all around for his pet but couldn't find it. When Kevin finally gave up he started to cry. Peter came out from under the leaves in his cage and Kevin was happy, he felt stupid for not seeing him there.
Since Jenny is not a US native, her English is hard to comprehend. As a result, the stranger didn't understand what she's saying. He thought that Jenny was insulting him.
Tom couldn't believe he got tickets. Fortunately, he got them because they sold out right away. He couldn't afford the more expensive ones left.
I ran back to see what happened. the vase had fell off the toilet. It couldn't be mended.
At a crucial point on her trip, her cell phone lost mobile connection. She didn't get lost thanks to her printed directions. After that Anna always had a backup route printed out just in case.
There was a monkey staring at them. They held out another banana and the monkey snatched it from them. It was amazing to see it so close up!
He was lucky he didn't need to buy a new charger right away. The bookstore clerk offered $20 for a new charger. Henry decided to look elsewhere for a better price.
She tried practicing in front of a mirror and it helped a lot. She then practiced in front of friends and felt much better about it. The day of the speech Jess felt very confident and it went great!
He didn't keep missing! He lay down and tried to sleep. The dead fly was on his bed!
But Marvin scraped his forehead on a rock. Marvin's dad took him to the emergency room. Marvin got three stitches above his eye.
Before long, Cheryl had applies to a few places. Cheryl went to the interviews and weighed the jobs carefully. Cheryl liked the one that paid the most and could start immediately.
He asks them to buy him food as he has fallen on hard times. They take him to the local KFC. They buy him a big bucket of chicken.
It was my job to identify the breed and color of the dog. The corpse stank and was filled with rotting maggots. I'm definitely glad I'm paid more than minimum wage.
She decided on an art deco style vanity. She went to the store and paid for it in cash. The vanity was delivered broken and she sent it back with the driver.
After the graduation my wife and I helped her move back to Boston. She and her fiance and we drove nine hours in a truck back home. We were exhausted.
Her mom had several colors available. She decided to pick five neon colors. She hoped they would come together to make a beautiful blanket.
She went to the book club and met a woman who also needed a friend. Angie became good friends with the woman and nicknamed her Pumpkin. Pumpkin is becoming Angie's best friend.
But on the way home Jack's family realized his sister was not in the car. They had forgotten his sister at his aunt's house! They turned around to go back and get her.
Stan told what he thought was the truth and figured that was the end of it. Stan read later that the user had died. They had attempted to self-medicate themselves using his advice.
It started to rain. Linda's tea started to get cold. She had to add more hot water.
We were both pretty horny. When they were done, we fell asleep right away. We both slept through the night soundly.
Fiona ate an apple. Fiona looked in the mirror when she got home. Her face was all puffy.
Andrea tried to jump over a huge sand dune. She fell into the sand. Her friends all laughed.
Her face shriveled up after taking one bite. Ben took the plate away. He told Hannah not to eat his fruit.
At the last minute he decided he didn't need to do it. Sam relaxed that night without the project. Sam finished the class and still got a B minus.
He bent to pick up a box and his jeans ripped. Embarrassed, he told his boss the problem. Doug returned to work after going home and changing.
He was the first in his family to do so. Tim went through with all the ceremonies. It made him happy even though his family didn't come to see him graduate.
They huddled together and celebrtated They ran to the locker room and felt proud They had their first win
They would have let her win. One day she played against her older brother instead. He destroyed her at it and turned her against the game.
Chip was hired by a new company and was charged with deploying the first prototype. He witnessed the destructive power on a Pacific island. Chip decided no one should have that power and destroyed it.
They all went back to a friend's house after. They had set up a surprise party for Jane's friend. Jane was surprised and super happy for her.
The ball is thrown to him in the stands. He reaches out to catch it. He misses it and loses the game.
The kid walked through the monkey house. The kid found Anna's class in time to eat sack lunches in the rainforest. Anna and her classmates rode the bus back to school.
I stole back the the book. She looked at and whined in a friendly manner. I had no idea who this dog was.
With the rocks, he spelled out a large SOS. When a plane flew overhead, he waved leaves around. A few weeks later he was rescued.
Seth wanted to be able to win all of the games without cheating. No one likes playing with a cheater. People began to like to play with him again because he was fair and honest.
It started to sizzle and then she put the eggs in. Ursula left the eggs for several minutes. However, she wasn't aware when they burned to a crisp.
But the real surprise came the next day. Her second pot was even more disgusting. The flavors had all mixed together and it was incredibly bad!
Tom hadn't made any recent deposits. He realized someone was using his information to put money in his account. Tom had the account shut down and reimbursed the money.
The child's odor smelled so bad Roland rolled down all the windows. He drove straight to the car wash. Roland had to wash his car three times to get the smell to go away!
She is just beginning to show. We texted her our congratulations, as this will be our 2nd grandkid. My wife wanted to put the photo on FB, but was asked to share the photos already on there.
Last time he made a new friend. The new friend was equally enthusiastic. Tom still preferred going by himself.
He liked to pretend he was pushing off the side of the pool. He would fill his goggles up with water and pretend that his were filling up. He would pretend he would win races even with water in his eyes
Dave made a loud noise to scare him away. The bear scampered into the woods. Dave brought the trash cans back into the garage and the police arrested the bear.
Tom had bought tickets for me as a surprise. The experience was amazing even though I had been there before. I cannot wait to go again.
One day she decided to sample the store brands. To her surprise, they tasted great! Anna started buying nothing but store brands.
While I was working, I watched him have a work very hard for 45 minutes. When I asked him how he always worked so hard, he shrugged. I'm going to have to end up promoting this guy.
They began to yell in an excited tone. Valerie noticed their enthusiasm and continued to sing. She was eventually hit with a standing ovation.
He never got caught using his phone or had it taken away because he never broke a rule. His dad picked him up from school. His dad took him to get ice cream since he never got in trouble at school.
The arms fell off of her glasses! She tried to pop them back in but it kept falling back out. Jasmine was so frustrated she threw her glasses.
Then we took a bus to Foxwoods and gambled. We ended up winning $200. It was a fun vacation.
But he still held a firecracker in his hand too long. It exploded and badly injured Tom. Tom had to get surgery to get it fixed.
Anna ran to get her dog into her car. She raced to the vet. Luckily, the vet was able to save Anna's dog.
Her parents prepared her breakfast since it seemed like she was sick. They also turned around the heater. Everyone took time to enjoy the weekend.
Although there were a lot of shoes, I only wanted this one special pair. But they cost too much. So I had to wait until they went on sale.
He saw two men standing by the door of the store. Max suddenly heard the alarm go off. Max called the police to tell them what was going on.
One friend wanted to race for all of it. Tim knew he wasn't that fast. They turned down the foot race and continued trading and sharing candy.
After the super died, the couple fought badly. The couple argued about turning in tenants to immigration. They calmed down and did not report anyone.
The table shattered, and Anna was horrified. A broken table meant 7 years of bad luck! Anna hoped the superstition would prove to be false!
I watched YouTube videos and it helped me with the basics. I was advised to stream The Talk talk show about Pokemon Go. I did as I was told and now I know how to play POKEMON GO.
Yesterday his daughter dropped him off. Dave sat on the bench and went home. His daughter said he had been getting tired and had seen a doctor.
When Martha's baby was eight months old, he signed back to her! Martha was so excited her baby learned to sign mom. Her baby was so excited because he got extra milk.
But then she heard all her friends were going as vampire victims too! Anna decided to be more creative. She decided to think of a more original costume!
She felt guilty that she didn't do anything to help the puffin. She thought about it every day for two weeks. She hoped it healed on its own, and was able to rejoin its flock.
The friend didn't tell Tom it was sour. Tom took it and didn't make a silly face. All his friends were disappointed.
The property, along with several supplies, were ruined. As a result, the company was in major debt. Tom had to refinance the company in order to revive it.
His ex tried to pick a fight with Tim. Tim was able to settle the situation down. She left shortly after.
He introduced herself and commented on my looks. We had a small conversation and exchanged numbers. In addition, he asked me out the next day.
He had to go pee. He took a break to use the restroom. Tom resumed the movie during at an important scene.
The crust came out perfect. John added some Parmesan cheese to it. The pizza was delicious
And she began to develop stomach issues. And she was in the hospital due to the pond parasite. Brenda regretted swimming in ponds so carelessly her whole life.
Tom said vegetables were the key to his strength. He would brag about it often. Tom's friends thought it was annoying.
They would not hide them from Tim. One day they noticed Tim was covered in cookie crumbs. They smiled at him and gave him more.
He has a PhD in philosophy and specializes in Kant. I read him the poem after we all sang Happy Birthday. I sent him an email of the poem to him and others.
She picked up two overtime shifts each week. Then she took her belongings and left. Anna felt very relieved once she was on the road.
He looked everywhere for it. Eventually, Tom decided to get a new dog. He was pretty happy with that decision.
When she took it out, the pan touched her leg. She screamed and threw the pan up in the air. The lasagna landed on the ground.
She dove into to save him. She got into the water right away and saved him. She said it more rewarding than anything she had ever done.
