I went inside to place my order.
He moved to Italy and opened a restaurant.
Everyone did not enjoy looking at the sea  creatures so decided to go home.
She kept herself steady with her feet.
When she almost arrived at the intersection, a deer appeared.
He woke up and stayed in bed because he felt sick.
Ivy was amazed of all the things he could do.
All her friends were invited but no one will come.
I was injured and needed to be dropped off by the cab at the hospital.
He walked through parks and forests.
She showed her mother who threw them away.
She didnt't think she needed a hand basket and went to the aisle.
Nobody likes to eat her cookies.
Her grandma gave her medicine.
She asked her friend to draw one.
Greg told his wife to hire someone to fix the stairs.
Alan was moved and really wanted to make videos.
She loved everything about it.
So i decided to try Hulu out.
Something about her look made him laugh.
I didn't have a job or any money saved to purchase a car though.
She also could not find the number to the hotel.
I saw that my bathroom faucet was being used more often.
She decided to go to the florist.
She had never done homework with so much writing before.
I had never been on one before and fell down about 50 times and put it in the basement.
He decided to buy his parents unused car.
The pinewood derby had banned him for cheating.
Mick was their backup quarterback.
Suddenly, he heard singing.
But when his mother told him to sit correctly, he listened.
He decided that he knew so much he would become a teacher and he was a very successful one.
The dinner went very well.
She loved the Peppa pig stuffed animal I bought her.
Today, they played poker.
She used her savings to rent an apartment.
He never betted on his favorite team.
Then my friend burn the garlic black.
She decided to work hard and get a raise by being honest.
He never ate them again after he turned 12.
It was already cut and ready to cook.
Her two children work hard and support both her and themselves.
I had a gift card that I wanted to use up.
She stayed off Facebook because she could check it later.
I called my mom to come get me.
She took an uber.
It was the first day and she mapped out the exact right room for the class.
She made awesome desserts.
His best friend lost to him in a gam.
She decided to go flirt with the captain.
They were not friends and never spoke.
The new owner keeps everything the same.
She wanted to watch her new favorite television show.
He thought bowling looked hard.
Jane decided to something about that and took a mechanics class.
She crochets letters on them.
I decided to get my color done and went.
The other players took advantage of me being a newbie.
Someone took him home and kept him.
He quickly swam back to shore.
He was trying to get a job.
They left Saturday morning even though it was raining hard.
Luckily, he didn't see any sharks while surfing alone.
One boy teased the other about a crush he had and ran home.
The winner was the one who found the fewest eggs.
I had just finished folding laundry when my wife got home from work.
She was making ends meet easily.
Bonnie and Blair decided to watch a movie together.
Some sort of celebration festival was going on in the country.
She tasted it and it was awful.
They had just painted their living room and the back door was open.
Amy's brother Rob and his friend Alex helped them.
The painting class was about to begin.
The theater closed due to a fire and they went home.
They were excited to see the planetarium open.
She sang along to the tape with the kids.
My dad was unemployed and stayed home all day.
All her belts still fit her perfectly.
Alex's smile could hardly be seen against the water drenching them.
He eventually wanted to learn how to play the flute.
She always kept her belongings in sight.
One day, he put a blanket on his sister's head and called her a ghost.
They only practiced at 5 PM on Tuesdays.
He caught the stomach flu from his girlfriend.
She was disappointed when she didn't get hired to be in a commercial.
His dog does not get along with cats.
She enjoyed working out, and would not give up her membership.
He was a very slow driver and would never speed.
She wanted to go skiing.
Though, she always watched where she was going.
His teammates were not excited for fear of losing.
Somehow, he successfully tried out for the school's bowling league.
The store was abandoned when I arrived.
I wasn't able to go over because I had to get to work.
They knew they were going in a circle.
Jeff never had an allowance before.
She loved it but it took too long to do it regularly.
So she sold plasma.
She went to the restaurant every Friday.
He found a job as a waiter.
We especially loved to bird watch in them.
The girls were listening intently to the speaker.
He had too much money.
He decided not to wear a gaudy Christmas tree tie to the interview.
Yesterday, Todd went to class with a new fountain pen.
He was nervous and lost in the early rounds.
He asked his best friend Joey to come see his car.
Jill had a very hard time getting over his death and finally had to leave the area and memories.
He offered his roommate a slice but he declined.
I had a terrible time and spent too much money.
They were getting ready to take it back to the store.
A little dog walked close to her.
Fortunately it was working.
She never got stung by bees.
But she knew that she would get good grades even without trying.
Val had lied about passing her test.
He told his detectives to stay at home and he will handle the job.
He got hurt badly, and stopped working.
Hi team lost 3-1 today.
They both wanted to take them alone.
The gift she wanted to make for her baby was a sturdy baby crib.
She finally opened her own one.
He ordered a salad instead.
She had promised him it would be shots.
The cat was not alive.
They spent the whole day avoiding volunteering.
His friends wife was also his sister.
She bought takeout.
She did not have a lot of tickets to redeem.
He told everyone he wasn't feeling well and didn't want a party.
Tyrese started doing it because his brother did it.
He woke up early to go to the gym.
He had a rare heart condition.
Lucy watched as she put curlers in her hair.
She was only 8, and decided to make her mom a painting instead of buying jewelry.
She had never gone out of the west and out the country.
We never got to do performances.
We always made sure we had enough gas.
As she turned to step into her classroom one of her students tripped her thinking it was another student.
Unfortunately, it was something they couldn't do for health reasons.
She had been listening to podcasts to keep herself ocuupied.
She liked her job until she had a very nasty customer so she told him off and got fired.
Her friends gave her a hamburger for lunch instead.
When she turned 18, she vowed to see London.
His mom couldn't find a tutor to help her boy.
The ad challenged people to write a novel in a year.
It was a boring trip filled with conferences and no fun.
She asked her grandfather to show her how to drive one.
The got a single real tree to see how it looked in their house.
She did not go because she was sick.
I was so captivated by him that I went to go and talk to him.
All Brittany ever wanted was for it to be just the two of them.
The boat got quarantined in Luxor.
One Saturday, he took them into his kitchen to cook a nice meal.
They drove out to the woods and realized they forgot the tent.
He never hiked for a long time.
She met friends who showed her a new bike path.
A neighbor told him he didn't think the house was haunted.
She and her friends played tennis for hours.
We kept to ourselves and didnt talk to anyone.
He decided to work at a homeless shelter to cook food for the homeless.
Luckily he found a job right away before he got too far behind.
He loved the job and got along with all the referees.
She hates the Beatles.
My friend's ball landed next to the hole.
The book mobile was too full so she went back home.
Drake was a heterosexual.
His family gave him tickets for his birthday.
He saw an art contest but was too embarrassed to enter his art.
They told us where we were going.
They were sitting quietly.
For Thanksgiving, Ann's mom filled the freezer with meat.
I decided to make chocolate but mom talked me out of it.
He had enough money to pay for it.
He wrote a letter to his local plumber.
He took steroids on a regular basis.
The audience saw that it was fake.
The security guard never asked for her ID since she looked sophisticated.
He was sad that they were broken this year.
However, his family could not afford to buy him an instrument.
He was discovered to be having an illicit relationship with a minor and had to resign.
Her favorite was cashews.
She didn't put off studying to hang out with friends.
We would also go door to door to collect signatures for our gym.
Amy was mad because the boys didn't show up.
However my mother made me go to church and i acted up and she wouldn't let me go.
He went to buy a car but he have no money.
Since he kept kosher, he was glad to learn that it did not violate any dietary laws.
One morning she woke up bleeding.
She never hikes without food.
She was so sad to see the red car in the driveway being broken.
Her husband and she always had plenty of ideas for games they could play.
He wished for a simple and normal life.
He doesn't have any talent in cooking that's why he doesn't cook.
The sushi chef told me that I could try some crab.
Until she was eight and couldn't imagine the world around her.
She called her grandpa up for dinner.
He went over his friend Billy's house but they only played for a brief time.
Her mom decided to put her in piano lessons.
He called one hotel and was able to make a reservation.
The only problem was they couldn't find any matches.
Mommy rocked her and began to sing.
They slept in an RV at night.
Mike got a call from a man to fix the fridge.
She decided she would save up enough money to buy dresses of her own.
He decided to wait until he was ready.
He went to the auditorium for the opening night.
But she decided to eat chocolates.
He decided to go out and buy a new pair.
She finally saw some.
As a job seeker, Charles used his cell phone to keep his information out of employers hands.
She carry it wherever she goes.
She was floating gently down a quiet river.
Suddenly, there was an announcement to not look outside.
The first ball was the easiest to make.
She never practiced so she decided to cancel it.
Her uncle suggested she go swim in the pool.
She sat by herself.
Susanna's boyfriend loves Ashley.
She watched as others were doing karaoke but she refused because she was scared to death to do it.
One of the guys who worked there was off that day.
She was almost finished pushing.
They then went home.
His brother Liam stole all the LEGOs.
First she tried a complicated cake, it came out perfect.
He is very excited and very eager to get a new job.
They wanted to make a campfire.
They would agree to disagree politely.
One day, she hit a pole.
Suddenly he noticed something crawling on his back.
He hated that dog.
She ate a piece and discovered that she was diabetic.
But she decided she wasn't ready to date again.
He looked at his beard for the last time and began to shave it off.
He submitted it by email.
The got together at Heather's house.
All the kids were playing video games at the arcade.
Henry thought they'd have fast food or something but they had a delicious pot roast instead.
He took classes and had a dream in the class.
He wanted them to wear out, he didnt even own a motorcycle.
Amanda polity declined her invitation.
So he decided to visit an ant farm.
She spiked his cherry Lambrini with antifreeze and he dies.
He checks his pockets and found them.
I did not practice during summer and decided to quit baseball.
Those people should have more than one car.
She had gone to a party near her home.
She got a raise and upgraded to better hotels.
However, he asked her to go to the movies.
He was allergic though, and stayed away.
She called up her sister.
She went out to buy some coffee.
The doctor said Bob was deficient in iron.
The show included trick ponies.
She piled all of her dark clothes into the washer.
They were always in each others' way and then Sara made everyone get up an hour earlier.
He studied everyday for 4 hours and felt very relaxed.
She dreamed of going to the planetarium.
She avoided drinking coffee to keep her teeth white.
One day the vats of ice cream were becoming less.
He wanted to ask her to prom, and was very confident.
Her mom didn't catch her.
She woke up still feeling depressed.
They wanted different one to symbolize their friendship.
She had loved pistachios all her life.
He looked everywhere and decided on a tree as his logo.
As we passed through Tornado Alley, the weather was just beautiful.
It was winter and she noticed a stray puppy.
One day he lost five dollars.
She didn't know it was wrong.
He was debating between philosophy and interpretive dance.
But they both are moved to different schools.
I began to do dishes, then many customer came in.
The teacher questioning them was very lenient about this.
He decided to lift weights at the gym.
My friend was terrible in math.
She only needed gum.
His parents easily bought him two of them.
She was only a few miles from home.
He can't believe that his real parents gave him away.
She went to the shop to get it traded.
A woman told Marissa she found some money but Marissa knew this was a scam and called the cops.
She never went home.
He quickly stopped it.
He began to tell her about her raise.
The dentist told me i had some very nice teeth.
Although the roller coaster didn't move yet, she was excited.
I decided to start a blog about minature poodles.
Except for the teacher, the classroom was empty.
She played outside by herself.
He soon regretted it and returned the clothes.
I walked to the store, but forgot my wallet!.
A girl walks out.
She had an easy time writing poems.
She decided it was time to give it all away for free.
If you wanted anything, it was given to you immediately.
Lynn knew how to use chopsticks, but her boyfriend did not.
So I decided to go out to eat for pancakes.
Stan's mother wasn't around so no one told him to stop.
My boss paid me with taxes taken out.
Jerry refused to go outside.
She tried to join and enter her grocery store's apple pie .
April lived with her master in a skyscraper.
She enjoyed driving when it was bright and sunny.
She had to wash all of the little pieces but ran out of soap.
The alley worker told them it would be a 5 minute wait.
I hate practicing it, though.
Bud hated Ted and was happy to learn he was hospitalized.
His friend wanted to go but Dave thought it was silly and took his family to Disneyland instead.
Melody followed the recipe and managed to burn the pasta.
Tom slowly stopped the car.
He decided to drink some coffee.
He was cheating on her with his ex.
And he and his friends were swimming in the pool.
She crawled all over the living room.
Ned did not watch the weather report.
Whenever her mother told her to practice the violin, she refused.
Maria was expelled from school.
I raced someone and won.
But she hated its spice.
He did not open the van door because it was locked.
We ate early and everyone loved it.
She just knew something would go wrong but it didn't and she passed with flying colors.
His friends knew better than to invite him out.
He was afraid of them and his friends were sympathetic.
In an accident, the groom saw Molly and, being superstitious, she canceled the wedding.
So, he invites his friends over so they can all do something.
She was crying when she got to meet Cinderella and the other princesses.
He always had trouble making friends.
He knew what to cook.
She found the phone under the couch cushion, she must have lost it during her nap.
They had the same favorite movie and picked it.
She finished her essay before she decided to eat.
There was a fire evacuation at work.
He saw the bird's toes were broken.
He found a small branch and began to cut.
She left anti-smoking pamphlets which convinced her mom to stop.
He was starting to notice a pleasant smell.
Ali kept her big brother nearby to protect her.
Suddenly, he woke up but everything was perfectly calm.
Our company is in Seattle.
One day Michael got back to camp from a long day.
One day a neighbor started raising puppies in his yard.
Seamus applied for a job at a salon.
Annie forgot something and return to the school.
One day she decided to not cheat anymore.
I went there all by myself.
She decided to dance in her underwear.
They were flying there now.
She kept running and ignored the pain.
She arrived at the home and was promptly fired by the family.
He sucked it up and went anyways.
I packed my fly fishing gear and waders and headed to the river.
She asked her parents for a kitten instead.
Her friends asked her to go to a party the night before, but she declines.
He went to the store but forgot his money.
She decided to just stream one instead.
She chose to not use a tree this holiday season.
Ann was upset that her new classmates were rude to her.
He is easy to buy for because he likes sports.
He loved running the museum.
His father gave him a puppy.
He cheated by drinking sugary drinks.
She always used a leash.
She hadn't seen it yet.
All of her friends took off skating and she joined them.
We are Washingtonians and rooted for the Seahawks.
It didnt work and the ride was delayed.
When he was in his 20s his grandfather bought him a new suit.
Then the manicurist had to cough.
The only store he went to had 1 balloon for sale for $1.
She went to the pet store but came home empty handed.
He was halfway done with the hole when he had to stop and go to work.
We were allergic to candy.
He went to the store and buys a new game.
Tommy wants to do well in school.
I passed the front desk and skipped checking in.
Barbara didn't know because she was throwing up, too.
The TV suddenly caught on fire.
She had passing grades in all of her classes already.
Her best friend was recovering from surgery and Abelina was at her house tending to her friend.
He did not receive any present.
She was an excellent swimmer.
She tried calling my mom, but she wouldn't respond.
He saw some kids teasing a zebra.
Without letting go of her hand, he walked with her into a toy store.
Jared's friend Tom was upset because he broke up with his girlfriend.
Gratefully, it was in perfect condition.
His mom let him have fun and allowed him to get dirty.
I arrived at his office and he said he had already set up a deal with another company.
My girlfriend was happy I was moping around.
Her mother answered and said Tami was out.
They were wielding flyers for the play and covered in furs.
The man got arrested for drunk driving and he knew his friend would help him.
He decided to try golf and really liked it.
The night was eerily quiet.
They just met last week.
She spotted an apple in the corner.
He always talked about people's looks behind their back.
I decided not to give her a haircut.
He goes to the dealership and can't afford a car.
My last remaining relative told me she loved me and believed in me.
His dad apologized.
But the weather didn't seem to go with us.
She played for hours then took a water break.
He surprised her by doing it himself.
May was able to buy tickets online.
She stuck to her diet no matter what.
She did so with help from her mother.
Bill's co worker was proud of him for a project on him.
He blames the neighborhood block party for his food poisoning.
I ended up bringing store bought mac and cheese because my grandma was dead and I couldnt get her recipe.
He forgot something so he get off from the bus.
She says Bob is the father.
It was rainbow bazooka.
She decided not to learn to play.
This morning, Amanda's alarm clock turned on early, which made her unable to sleep.
They were happy and decided to wear it but keep it.
There were no girls to spot for her.
It was a scary story and the baby child didn't like it.
She tripped and fell on the way home and the fish fell into the sewer.
She wanted a pit bull but they didn't have those at the shelter.
They had a live band double booked for the event.
A woman was ahead of her at the checkout.
While digging, he was sad to find nothing at all.
It does not know how to do anything and is always quiet.
They were bored about their front row seats right near the speakers.
Amanda did not open the door.
When they met up, they already knew what he was going to say.
They came at each other shooting wildly.
I went with her through the aisles to help her reach things.
He got on a plane and flew up north.
Lately the smog has been getting to him so they had to stop until the air got better.
She held up an orange shirt and a blue one.
He slept with him every night.
I ran into my best friend who said hi to me.
They went off the highway and into a parking lot.
Suddenly they began to sing.
She arrived at the venue two hours early.
One weekend she won a bet with her boyfriend.
He didn't need to be on a leash.
While they were playing, some smaller kids arrived.
She already had proof of his infidelity so a lawyer could help her.
She called her friends and asked them to go bungee jumping.
Until one day she got a dog named Joe.
It was summer, so they enjoyed picking berries and mushrooms.
He decided to play with some friends but did not bet money on their game.
Gina hid the dog in her bedroom.
He was looking for something specific.
She was about to give away her parrot that she no longer wanted.
Nancy become so bothered that she began to sleep more.
He decided to go to the gym to feel better.
They were a family that hated playing games.
It was at school in the bathroom.
They both decided on a name for the baby.
They went for a walk and a biker drove into Bob.
She felt freed every time she dropped the baby off.
She was much braver than her brother.
He called his ex boyfriend and asked why he was sleeping with women now.
He asks his parents for a loan.
But our first flight landed 20 minutes early.
They went the store but couldn't find parts.
His friends made him promises never to do it again.
Faith was told she was too old to start dancing.
She decided not to order a kit.
She never knew that the mosquitoes there carried a dangerous virus.
Her body was loose and warmed up ready for her solo.
He eventually stopped and was outdrinked because he did not drink.
She put wallpaper up on all of the walls.
But Gina cannot think of any topic to write on.
He was incredibly excited to go on stage.
They needed get their own tree.
She was in the produce section when she saw a big banner.
Dan moved away and was never seen again.
We decided to stay home and watch Netflix instead.
I wanted to drink street market food.
One day Benny got out of the house and ran in the yard.
John looked out the window, and the rain stop.
She didnt find anything she liked.
She never wanted to date again.
John ignored that the headphones he sold were defective.
There was no wildlife around.
She got up and saw her neighbors had put up christmas lights.
My friend stayed out of the fight.
The seat was missing so I couldnt ride it.
When a blackout came, he had a propane lamp for backup.
Everyone liked her but no one listened to her.
Her dog refused to go out even though the door was open.
My family couldn't get enough of them.
The next day he was expelled from school.
Pam was enjoying the air conditioning even though she was sick in bed.
Jenny's parents had told her they couldn't afford one.
She gives them bones to chew for fun.
He burned the food, so no one had anything to eat.
My friend suggested I try oatmeal with raisins and honey.
She hoped this would discourage him from calling.
His mom made him sleep until he felt better.
She ate only pasta, bread, and potatoes.
The whole town searched and found the missing boy.
Customers were complaining about the boss being gone.
The mechanic told him his car looked fine and was running well.
The requester was kind and saw my potential, giving me lifetime bonuses.
It was a Sonic the Hedgehog toy.
She and her mom loved sowing.
In our friends case, they ended up having perfectly clear weather.
One day he called his friend Rex who worked in a flower shop.
His mother had made a steak dinner for his arrival.
He recently started talking so he was talking non stop.
She becomes bored with the job and quits.
When he got home all he wanted to do was take a nap.
He decided to change outfits.
We used to play in person at school.
He kept drinking alcohol illegally.
Gina told Rita everything.
Tim was winning.
I called out sick from work and went back to bed.
She was hoping to buy a new car soon.
It was lit with beams from many headlamps.
He only watches horror movies.
But, he had no ketchup.
He picked up Mandy and Sarah on a Saturday afternoon.
He took a dry rag and wiped it down.
She was my subordinate and had to listen to my demands.
He knew exactly where it was.
Amy was excited to tell Beth all about what she had for lunch.
Her oldest daughter got the flu shot from school.
She didn't get the telescope she wanted.
His house was still warm.
He wanted to enter the science fair, but didn't.
He had played varsity for the last two years and always scored goals.
Jimmy saved money for his project.
The relatives were not very friendly at all.
She put it aside for its owner to claim.
They decided to go bowling.
I decided not to enroll because of that and I learned later that I only hurt myself.
Sandy decided to call her friends.
He wanted to spend the money recklessly.
Yet he dreaded the thought of fighting for his country as a teenager.
There was a jellyfish warning.
He decided to make his favorite breakfast french toast.
He wanted to celebrate quietly at home.
He went for his 15th birthday.
The cab driver had Lulu get out immediately because he needed to respond to a family emergency.
He sat on the toilet seat with the top down to wash it.
I started getting ready and then decided to go back to bed.
So I bought new marbles.
When everything had finished up they gave her a free toothbrush.
My brother decided to be the bigger man and not prank me back.
She made a huge pile and put them in a bag.
Sam wished they would let him work from home.
I was thrilled to travel all alone.
She enjoyed the party.
It finally came.
Many people came but she fell many times on the mat.
It got all over her face but, luckily, it didn't get into her hair.
Gertrude would rather just stay home.
Her dog was very obedient on every word she says.
He didn't want to touch anything.
The first day of class, her teacher was out sick.
They would meet theree, but then get on their way.
He planned the trip for himself for months.
She sprayed vinegar on her palm.
Their class failed to build a robot that could compete in the race.
She gave one to her dog to try.
One day he dug up a wooden box and took it home.
Her son cut his finger while helping her chop onions.
One day, Sam was given a new football by a neighborhood friend.
The cat was black with blue eyes and looked very unusual.
He doesn't want to hike in the woods.
The neighborhood bully suddenly ignored them.
The movie was rated R but it wasn't scary at all.
He said Randy could eat right away, it wouldn't hurt.
He decided not to do any of them.
She went to the kitchen to discover she had a new box of coffee filters.
Suddenly a deer emerged out of nowhere ran along the highway!.
It was a great deal.
He sprayed some fly spray at them and killed them.
I never liked him that much until we met in person.
He didn't want to go to sleep so he played with his phone under the covers.
The doctor checked his weight and said he was a healthy baby.
They moved to Arizona and the first night there their daughter screamed in the middle of the night.
He ignored him.
During the housing boom, he couldn't afford to purchase any properties.
He has been to seventeen car shows.
He didn't like to eat anything cold.
Kim however disliked the new algebra and didn't care if she did.
He was determined.
He was a professional cook.
She had seen it once and loved it.
His wife Linda said that she'd get it for him.
She was fat and slow and couldnt run.
Her mom reminded her that she couldn't serve because of her epilepsy.
He didn't fit in and felt alone.
He was allergic to fruit and vegetables and only ate meat.
He fed a dog out in front of his house.
The garden has all dead crops.
Cora was able to buy everything she needed to get all the gifts she wanted.
She then realized she left it at work.
She used it for a while but decided she still liked the feel of real books more.
His wife was not available so he decided not to go.
He loved Pacman in particular, although he didn't care for high score.
They decided to go to Disneyworld instead.
He only ate the home cooked fried chicken his mom made.
She realized her daughter hated the wall color.
She had been a professional bowler previously.
He then found out it was a false alarm.
She ordered a scone.
An elderly woman stopped next to her.
She loves to collect beautiful rocks.
His wife was going to divorce him if he didn't work.
I set up a booth in front of the library for the petition to get a Democrat's name on the ballot for Congress.
He shuffled away from the man.
She decided she should visit her sick friend.
The greeter told me to come back the next day.
There was a holiday boat parade on the lake that was fun to watch.
I often forgot to leave the door unlatched so that he could get back in.
Her baby was very calm and slept through the night.
It didn't keep her up at night.
She decided to go to the store and buy brownies.
He decided he wanted a new bike.
He tried to talk to them but they were not very friendly and left without saying a word.
One day on the bus, two women were speaking Tagalog.
She wanted Sam to have siblings but she refused to adopt.
So they hired a lady to work for the company.
Her baby was fast asleep in the crib.
He left a lot of evidence and the police caught him.
She wanted to stay away from Ray.
Finally, his parents told him he can't have a cat in the house.
He then got tired and got out.
She turned to her side and fell back to sleep.
The drawer slid out easily when I removed it.
He wouldn't be able to play in the football game coming up because of a broken arm.
It was like many other kitchens but had no stove yet.
Their mom bought it for them for Christmas.
I was too skinny.
When she unfurled it she saw the kite was ripped and wouldn't fly.
She needed to buy a drink.
Every year he worked late hours almost the whole month of December.
He did not win many awards though.
We decided not to run in the woods.
That morning he stayed in bed.
We spent all weekend playing in the ocean then drove home.
Her boyfriend washed it for her.
They bumped into each other at the grocery store.
He bought a police costume.
She decided against hiring a makeup artist to save money.
No one could hear anything because it was so loud but he apologized and quit.
They decided to walk around the basement because it was too cold outside.
I suddenly saw a dog running towards me.
He saw a local diner and decided to skip it.
She could finally afford to fix her car.
Unfortunately, a snowstorm cancelled my flight.
It was a warm night they don't even need a bonfire.
He asked my friend about it and my friend told him his sister cut it.
He used the Shazam app to find it quickly.
On my way there my neighbor waved hello then went inside.
His favorite neighborhood bakery was demolished.
She thought the spicy sauce would be too hot, so she ordered mild.
On the way there, the sailing was smooth and they arrived on time.
She went to the store because it was in stock.
At the furniture store she chose a large table instead.
It was the nicest cat.
Suddenly a squirrel ran up to him.
She decided to end her friendship with Kim.
He hesitated to start cooking more at home.
He refreshed the page and saw that more were loaded.
She stayed in the house,  and off her feet the whole weekend.
She is excited because she loves rollercoasters.
He was outbid on it and had to get one at the store.
He and his parents argue almost every day.
He was in his swim trunks at the river.
The only view was gorgeous mountains.
Her mom gave her 4 tickets for her birthday.
One day she cut class.
The big play was rehearsing.
He had no stops or layovers on the route.
Gina went to talk with her family on the porch.
He realized his ceiling fan was turned off.
They were there because she studied insects for a living.
Before putting his clothes in the dryer he decided to take his clothes home to hang dry them.
One friend brought tofu hot dogs and they were actually really good and we all ate several of them.
She never fed him daily.
We decided to stay on the ground for safety.
He shovels his own driveway then goes back inside.
I plan on taking him to the movies.
He asked his sister to cut it.
Tim's friend knew nothing about dogs.
He was interested in studying dentistry.
One of the workers later called to say her son was missing.
Teddy is brave and not scared of anything.
She adopted a child from Africa.
I decided to never go to church again.
Prior to that we own three separate Toyota Camry sedans.
I forgot to put my gum pack in my pocket.
His boss, Michael, answered and and told him to come back the next day.
He got all the action.
He decided to get a wheel warmer.
She rushed around and put on her shoes quickly.
He tripped and landed on a rock.
Amy asked her mother if she could choose what she will wear.
It was dark and I couldnt see anything.
Her competitor was perfect and unblemished.
She had been there for hours then she went home.
There were so many people there to see the pandas, Ally decided to try again another time.
He got a good job and moved there.
She decided to join a gym and only lift weights.
Chris wrote all the songs for the band.
So Sam decided to buy cockroach repellent at the store.
She then became a nurse.
He wouldn't part with his sailboat for anything.
The school nurse diagnosed him with chicken pox.
He decided to never run another marathon.
His service was excellent.
Tom sent Adam a message late at night.
She spread out her towel and lay in the sun under an umbrella.
She knew her mom wanted a all expense paid trip instead.
At the fair, they rode the carousel and the ferris wheel, and skipped the games.
The door locked and Dominic couldn't get inside.
Jeff went to the pet store to buy a cat.
He quickly spotted the cookie aisle.
I wandered off and got lost.
She decided to use the directions her brother offered.
She liked it a lot because everyone got along.
After two hours of hiking he discovered the scenic route was closed.
She started writing a fantasy story in college.
It had been a small scrape.
I went to the store and purchased a toaster oven to prevent jamming issues.
My wife loves the beach.
On the day of the competition the students were told the competition was cancelled.
He was told to use sand for the floor.
She hadn't practiced for weeks to get the dance right.
They were all busy swimming at the park though.
I saw a lot of trailers and four wheelers.
She had her husband drive to the local ice cream shop for her.
My friend and I had just about made it, one final park to cross.
She saved up all her money for a real gun.
My friends and I decided to participate in basketball instead.
They talked with other zoos and decided that tigers would be a better fit.
Her brother Cam wanted to watch it with her.
She never used recipes.
Recently I was watching Cops on television.
He got a small package in the mail.
His mother told him he had to, and he started.
I merged on one street and immediately ran over a nail causing a puncture.
Teddy knew he could drive but he also thought he could drink and was disappointed to find out he was wrong.
He then go on a boat to Malaysia.
I was excited to hear what my test scores were.
We decided to have a pool party yesterday.
I decided to stay in bed and watch the tv show Modern Family.
At the store she saw they were out of fudge.
Julie had no interest in Johnny because she was a lesbian.
I decided I needed a more liberal church and switched.
He was my pet turtle.
I woke up feeling something curling up on my lap.
They did not join the camping trip.
He didn't invite anyone on the camping trip.
Bill took out the bulb and replaced the bulb with no issues.
He was ignoring them by pretending he was busy at work.
He decided not to attend his graduation ceremony.
It was in the summer so he brought plenty of water from home.
His parents just didn't care what he did.
It was very hard for him so he decided to stick with spoon and fork instead.
The channel was hosting an awards show.
He was not allowed to see the sweat shops only the designated ones for foreigners and he knew it.
He wanted to watch the sunset.
He joined drama club instead.
There were no monkeys anywhere to be found.
She bought from the channel all the time.
She decided to upload them to the cloud.
She tried one on the store but got no money.
He decided the best place for inspiration was the internet.
Mandel had them all shaped into small, round shapes.
She was sleeping.
She decides to change into a pink dress just before the wedding starts.
He left his dog on the leash.
One day, she was told selling puppies was illegal.
There was paint everywhere!.
When I looked again it was just a shadow, there was no crow.
Their dog's name was Sonny.
It was too heavy to steal.
It flew over the top of the roof.
I was a pretty bad player.
He got in his car and and forgot his check on the way to the bank.
He found out he was too heavy to go.
It started to rain so they packed up and went home.
One performance, he walked on hot coals.
She offers Jack a job.
He hopped over a log in his path and paused his video game.
Harry was much less into the sports than the other children.
She spent hours killing every last one.
Luckily, he rarely saw any where he lived.
But the program was too hard to make.
She tried to use a coat hanger and managed to get her keys out of her car.
The scale said he was 20 pounds underweight.
He was very good at math and reading.
Jim ordered a soup and salad.
He could throw the farthest in the district.
He was never the captain so he played baseball instead.
It went very well.
I went and bought new ones.
I realized it was too much work, with no real savings.
She went door to door offering to mow lawns.
He asked his supervisor, who didn't approve it.
Tim was so happy about the move.
I used a new app to identify the name of the song.
We have sometimes missed a date over the years, especially holidays.
She knew what to plant.
Laura chased her cat into the street.
I didn't like playing with him.
I only had to buy some flags for the fort.
She didnt share her tea.
Her family wanted her to take Judo instead.
The teacher told him to continue.
He doesn't feel like he wants to study.
He picked up a stray dog and spent the rest of the night trying to find the dog's owner.
She was scared and never went to the audition.
She had a lot of friends to hang out with.
He told her she cook and clean enough.
And he was able to resist them when he saw a hot dog stand.
Tammy was given the day off today because she knew Tammy was considering quitting.
One day it was bright and sunny for a change.
He pleaded the engine crew to go no steam.
She had some enchilada sauce at home so she looked for some other items to buy.
He then set his cup down to wash it in the sink.
She refused to eat while she was there.
But, she didn't love kids, so she decided teaching might not be the best idea.
One morning, she woke up early and pulled her car in the garage.
He started to feel guilty about hurting people so he stopped.
When they left she decided to bring her cat, Kobe.
She decided to just get a buzzcut.
While I was there I bought a lollipop.
She trained too hard and broke her leg.
He wanted to go alone.
As soon as he got there, there was an outbreak of malaria and he was quarantined.
He had to hand over the money to make the final purchase.
Too bad her grandparents weren't alive to go with her.
She was put on bed rest and couldn't move.
I caught Tom shaven his legs and thought it looked awesome.
I was driving on the highway when something good happened.
While he does not want to shave, he ask his friend to do to know if it works.
Candy would have been interested but she fainted at the mere sight of blood so her occupation couldn't involve blood.
He went out and find some barbecue to eat.
Jacob's team had no chance to get the ball.
He went to a game on Saturday with us.
She lined them up on the floor.
One day he had an excess of toppings.
Lisa said her friend wouldn't notice a difference.
But she couldn't find eye shadow, blush, nor any mascara.
Suddenly, his mom called him to go back home.
He went to a fast-food restaurant.
The baby laughs every time she sets it down.
I finished the cigarette and put it in the trash.
She immediately  ignored them.
Jim had not seen her and Dawn all day.
He was practical though and afraid of heights.
The workers were out of ingredients.
A lame old girl group had a new video for their terrible song.
She wore overalls, it was a costume party.
He apologized to him for being mean.
It's raining, so he can't run to the park today.
The homeless man was sleeping.
Chad didn't make an appointment with the dentist because he was low on funds.
She had four roommates who I got along well.
She stayed awake all night.
I decided I wasn't ready and quit running.
After awhile he tired of it, changed to scrabble and now he's an English professor.
Her clothes turned out lopsided.
He always put his mind to work creating new artworks to make.
The kids excitedly gathered around the television to watch a superhero movie.
We went to the landscaper and sold them.
Her mother always checked the laundry.
Larry takes Lauren to see a movie.
He is a terrorist mastermind.
Tara's mom gave Tara a few thousand dollars in order to help her move into an apartment.
He bought a membership to the gym.
Eventually, John started to pack the equipment except the grenades.
However, she dreams of moving to New Zealand.
She has always loved writing book reports.
They put out a trap which killed them all.
And he found a good deal at the store across the street.
They cooperated on everything.
He is now twenty two and hates Christmas.
But she was 90 years old, which she thought was too old to nap.
Ali agreed to fight.
Kay laid around and the pain finally subsided.
She was very prepared and completed the essay.
Joe decides he needs to quit.
He requested me to stop writing.
JJ never talked about Sharon.
They next day they went for a swim.
Since she didn't have a car.
He sat quietly at the top of the summit.
She watched it carefully, turning it often.
She cooked sausages and vegetables.
I forgot my pencil case at home so I wasn't able to do any drawings.
He refused to study and was kicked out of school.
He asked her for dating advice, Tom was gay.
She ended up being annoyed by him.
The hygenist scraped plaque and found a cavity.
They were told it was closed to scientists.
She forget to put on her pajamas.
They drove to a scenic area to enjoy their favorite vegan sandwiches and apple salad.
He did not pass his dentistry course in college.
She liked to skip through the grass.
He decided to skip the photography class.
It was our first time going out to a movie.
She ended up asking her father for help.
Making it didn't take long.
She woke up to a beautiful sunny day.
She read while under a huge umbrella.
He had lost the plans for a large skyscraper.
He was allergic to pumpkin, so he bought some shiny apples instead.
He was eating cake and felt happy.
All of her friends swam at the local pool and helped Jill to swim.
He saw a deer running into the woods.
He was the best player they had.
So Bill starts playing the guitar in shopping malls for donations.
He always stood up for himself.
Another dog had attack her beloved pet.
He filled the buckets with water.
She assured him that they would not talk to him.
Jake completely forgot about it.
She assumed her son was hiding there.
She tried to pick a new one but she decided just to get a chocolate instead.
They didn't look anything like the pictures so she sent them back and got a refund.
It lost him a lot of money.
Partway through, she realized she wanted pancakes instead.
The girls couldn't find any of Lisa's dolls.
She had no interest in working.
My dog's hips hurt him too much, so I decided to put him down.
It was not worth much so he didn't insure it.
She ignored the sewing machine and many different techniques.
I searched through my closet and found the perfect dress.
A man started following her home.
She arrived in Florida to teach English to ESL students.
After it started raining, they decided to go back home.
He didn't find many things he didn't use anymore.
I didn't know where to start.
He saw a handicapped space and pulled right in.
They both got cramps and had to drop out of the race.
Her friend's mom was joining them in the sleep over.
He got excited and bought flowers for his secret valentine.
She ended up at the hospital with food poisoning.
He doesn't think he can steal the money so he found a job.
But she never tells anyone what her real job is, so they won't ask questions.
I laughed at the joke Donald told us.
She was late for work but made it in.
Mary decided to take a cruise for the holidays.
She forgot to flipped the switch for the disposal.
She bragged to her friends and then fell down and broke her leg.
Surprisingly she saw her high school crush there.
He took out a woolen beanie and donned it upon his head.
He told his boss to put in new wood flooring.
Her bedroom had several candles that were lit.
When a gentleman mugged her.
Her parents refused to get her a new pair.
Jane decided to move farther to her work.
He decided to adopt a kitten instead.
Art and his buddies couldn't find a charter boat to go fishing.
He decided that he doesn't mind the hair on his back.
His mother buys him a bag just like his friends' bags.
He buys tickets to Bombay.
One day, Ella found paint and decide she wanted to paint instead.
All of a sudden it started getting very sunny.
She stopped doing it after a stranger scared her.
He was too scared to get hurt.
She had an easy time setting it up.
I decided to visit its parks.
And he attributed his baldness for all of his successes.
She studied until she felt comfortable when the teacher announced a test on fractions.
We tried but pitch the tent, but gave up and made hot dogs.
Jason works as a wind technician.
He won the lottery the next day.
I ate the oats directly from the package.
He took out his hammer and began to hammer nails into it.
He jumped in with all his clothes on.
His friends try to get him his job back.
She never took it off roading.
He brought too much ice.
Laura met Bill at a coffee shop.
She wanted a fish.
All of the sudden, they crashed onto the carpet.
One day i found her dead in my neighbors bushes.
His co worker was mad Tim never did any work.
He rushes out of the house and makes it to work just in time.
When it arrived it was broken.
My father is a diabetic and hated desserts.
Thankfully, she didn't have any homework.
Amy hugged Erin and they got along great.
I got accepted to my first choice.
While chewing he looked down at his dinner and saw ants.
She was counting on a good grade and was thrilled when the teacher gave her an A-.
Her other two dogs were named Mimi and Milli.
A stray dog approached her.
While they were driving David lost his allowance.
We had to leave the exhibit early because her friend started having an allergic reaction.
Her mom said no because Jane had lice.
She has not been on a diet lately.
Bill was allergic to sugar.
Then, Sara hung up before they got in an argument.
He looked in the grocery store for something to eat.
He started drinking to loosen him up.
He knew Batman was unrealistic, but he liked the comics anyways.
He always kept his wrists in the recommended position.
He found a beautiful kitten up for adoption.
They both lacked driving experience, so they stayed home.
He played games on his phone when it was slow.
She knew just what to feed it.
It was extremely hot and sunny during a really intense game.
When he met Irving, he was so annoyed and didn't get along.
The contractor looked at Greg's windows and said they were fine.
The principal insisted on discussing Ali's great behavior.
When he arrived, he loved the loose business atmosphere.
Brad read online he needed protein powder.
He thanks God every day that he's no longer with Hayley.
He saw old people sitting on the park.
It was her first day and no one was assisting her.
His publisher loved his book about giraffes.
He always thought it would be cool to stay in New York city.
Prince paid back Zeke immediately.
She shaped her figure and married a millionaire.
He kept himself fully alert at the wheel.
The popsicle melted before they could decide who would eat it.
He couldn't save his money to make his big dream a reality.
She had to call in sick for her match.
He was majoring in Business.
Suddenly, it jumped over a hole that led into the deathly cold water below!.
John noticed Ted was injured during the game.
He went by himself.
It was nearly 100 degrees in the car, so I got out of the car.
He decided not to stop to talk to her.
She likes making vegan meals.
I had been working all week so my apartment was so clean.
After she made it and put it in the oven, she sat down on the couch, fell asleep and it burned up.
Luckily, she took the train and was unaffected.
His friend strayed and couldn't be found.
He knew the university had a gym but he never went to it.
He wanted to invest some of the money into buying a house.
He fed the dog steak from the fridge.
I just stopped in for a few drinks by myself.
I decided to avoid it.
She got there early to take advantage of the deals, but everything was sold out.
The person in front of him tried to pay for nickel-candy with a credit card.
She did not want to try them out.
We looked everywhere and found him.
They were having financial crisis so there were no gifts for them this year.
Anna she wasn't very good at it.
She went out but forgot something and returned.
Meaghann was violently allergic to dairy and had to break up with Chad.
When he arrived henwas told the doctor was out at an emergency and his appointment was rescheduled.
I started making a model on my laptop.
Dad woke her up and said we have arrived.
He goes back to Texas every month.
Chad was glad for the opportunity to speak to teachers.
I had the craziest craving for Alfredo shrimp spaghetti.
She wore a helmet and knee pads.
She couldn't get rid of anything she didn't use.
He took the train to her house all the time.
I fell asleep watching Game of Thrones.
She steered her daughter towards all the sexy get-ups.
When she landed, Isobel took a cab to the hotel.
Once he grew up he never even searched for him.
I took a quick shower.
They were very tiny.
She decided to go swim.
He had to make a poster board, and write a essay while also showing where he got his info from.
His friend, Amy, ordered an espresso, and Adam told her she had no taste.
One ferret bit him on the arm.
He's about to graduate college with a Computer Science degree.
One day, Gwen discovered she was lesbian.
George returned his library books about 2 days before the due date.
Rex knew he was amazing and told Alex not to come.
She forgot to make ham, green beans, potatoes, and salad because she was tired.
One day she woke up really early.
However her boyfriend kept trying to kiss her neck.
His dog had eczema.
He bought a used canoe instead.
He decided to check out a DVD instead.
We practiced only once week at school.
Sally was always really rude to him and Sam didn't know if she would like him.
One day she told Hannah she would hit her.
But he didn't have enough money to buy land.
His pet dog was in good health.
My cat left me alone whenever I was sleeping.
They realized they hated eachother and parted ways.
Logan decided to jump off a building and end his life.
She is retiring.
Meg was her best friend and they were separated because they talked too much.
No one celebrated it in years.
They had been best friends since childhood.
But he did want to go to school.
She saw a new boutique on her way home, but she got no money.
She said no.
It was a spellbook.
The service was terrible.
Soon the bullies disappeared.
Her blanket was on the floor, she covered up and went back to sleep.
He planned ahead and knew he would need winter clothing.
She had no money to go shopping.
He was scolded by his teacher and told him to stop.
She made the dough and placed it in the refrigerator to chill it.
They both decided to study.
Tyler was more excited to see the game than his dad was.
The line was non-existent when I got there.
He was adopted by an older childless couple.
She admired people who wrote about their lives.
Bill decided he was too chicken to jump.
People said it had cute eues but it smelled bad.
He stole the test from the teacher's office.
He never smoked or drank.
The couldn't see any bus coming.
She ordered a cheeseburger without fries.
He bought a house out of state.
It was far from his first time visiting the country.
To make it special he decided to invite his best friend.
After a few seconds, a jellyfish swam past him.
In her kitchen there was a strange man!.
He was swimming by himself.
Her mother promised her a treat today.
I decided to use a normalized algorithm.
Her mother told her to go outside and play.
I couldn't find them because I didn't have anybody's number.
She couldn't find her skates in the closet.
He was playing it softly.
The beach had a rule about no dogs in the water.
Oddly enough none of the kids liked candy.
I asked my parents for a dirt bike and they got me one immediately.
He wanted to be a solo artist.
She was really hot, it was the middle of summer.
He would do all of his shopping from home via Amazon.com.
Hank never forgets to go grocery shopping without a list.
They found a really old shovel.
It was really slick on the roads so my friend, Dan, decided to not to drive anywhere.
She stayed home while her family went.
His wife passed away early in their marriage.
All Roy could find was buried twigs.
He played his music online only.
She tried to loose weight but can't make it.
She asked her if she had gotten her text about dinner.
She waited in line and then realized she didn't have any money.
Steve had many more tests to pass before he could fly solo.
She stays at home every Saturday.
One day when he was leaving for work, the car wouldn't start.
Beth was excited to try yoga but decided not to.
She loved to play the carnival games like darts or ring tossing.
He had a large water bottle.
After a while, both lines were not moving.
Dolph didn't think he had what it took to any editing.
But he received a letter in the mail saying he was rejected.
She likes another one down the street better.
While looking out the window one day he saw a loving husband kissing his wife.
It rained the night of her party.
He decides to try gardening.
He was excited when it was time for swimming lessons.
Charles decided to move out.
I bought pre made food items so I wouldnt have to cook.
One day, I went with my father to the dealership.
He forgot his phone at his desk.
He took a boat journey to London.
He decided on a recipe he'd known since his mother taught it to him as a child.
Everyone went to sleep during the trip.
The child told her dad.
His brother would joke about it.
Rita gave her ticket to the attendant.
Her mom said Amy could join in too if she wanted to.
She got an emergency phone call and had to leave only 10 minutes into the seminar.
He saw a suitcase on the roof of a passing car.
But Deana had a crush on Tony.
He had enough money to buy it.
Jimmy's parents sent him to bed without saying good night.
He didn't need a loan because he had plenty of money.
We walked in and paid for our skate rental.
He decided on trying to make fish tacos and to trick his kids into thinking it was chicken.
When Kodi was a puppy she was very well-behaved.
Uki went to prison for innocence.
One of my friends pulled out a small sparkler.
She prepared well for the test.
She decided to try to eat a high-carb diet.
I informed her that I did not have one and preferred to communicate the old fashioned ways.
Every night, she ould call her mom until she falls asleep.
She looked forward to cooking dinner with her family when she got home.
She got fired.
She biked with them to the library.
Sam was happy because it gave him an excuse to get a new car.
But his parents didn't want him to pursue his acting career.
She showed the Baby the pot and he immediately sat on it and used it.
He works construction, but he wants to model.
He started a company and called it Minty Fresh.
It ran like a charm for miles and miles.
I knew why I had to go.
One evening her child had some friends over.
The ordered tee to go.
Richard was swimming around with the other 3 goldfish.
He wanted hawaiian.
When they arrived in Illinois they sneaked in the house.
They had been clipped everyday.
He walked close to the shore and began to wade in to swim.
She taught herself.
She had to quit when her violin got stolen.
Not to eat or socialize, but to watch the football intently.
Now he was arriving back home in Chicago.
About halfway there she sees campus security and she feels relief.
I left before the check came.
Since he was nervous, she gave him less work in the semester.
He really wanted his team to win so he prayed for a homerun and the batter hit a homerun.
One of the cameras is a bridge camera.
On the way there, he had a pleasant ride.
She asked him out before he got the chance.
His mom got stuck in traffic and he arrived at school late.
They ignored  the traces of a deer into a desolate forest.
Larry always took apart his creations immediately after building them.
Ted was walking through campus and stopped to rest.
They got hungry so Roy went inside for water.
He studied his act but still wasn't ready.
They got so bored that they left halfway through and started home.
Gina's teacher moved his desk from across to next to hers.
The doctor told him to come back in a month for tests.
She was afraid of the water so she didn't go in.
He quickly found a parking spot near the restaurant.
It came early by two weeks.
She loved telling everyone where she shopped because they were all pleasantly surprised.
One day her son came home happy.
He ended up taking a swim.
She was determined to go to the international competition this year.
The goat loved to have people pet him.
Jill wanted to join the volleyball team.
So he told his mom the exact Amazon listing.
During the first night on the ship, Alan got very seasick.
I've been staying away from all of the sick people.
They felt bored, so they decided to sleep.
Her neighbors were out of town.
I was disappointed to learn it was impossible to ship.
I memorized a list of words, but forgot them all.
Her grandma was teaching her to make brownies.
She drank lots of water and it kept her hydrated and full so she wasn't always wanting to eat snacks.
Their parents had doused the fire with water to put it out.
They were well made and lasted a long time.
She put the psychic on speaker but her phone died.
He didn't know how to put it on Facebook.
While she was driving home, he followed her car.
I loved painting people.
I knew I still wouldn't get the day off from work.
He forgot the shoe he wanted most to match with a shirt.
He couldn't play any games because the new phone was broken.
She had to go home so he walked her the rest of the way.
At first he panicked then he realized he ate cheese on his burgers, and figured out it was gas pains.
She was happy to have her first grade classmates with her.
He always practiced with his big brothers.
He was for a toothbrush.
I cooked for her at home.
She cooked the pizza perfectly with no distractions.
He went to a empty gym.
His best trick was to perform card tricks.
So he went straight to the local pet store to buy one he liked.
A man comes in with an autographed picture.
I'm a bodybuilder and have so much muscle mass.
I cannot find any inspiration for my painting.
He had eaten just enough food.
He is usually pretty good at what he does.
She and her son were making noise using the blender.
He was excited.
He cheated and got the answers from his friend.
He made a mug of coffee instead.
He stayed off the raft.
She offered to give her grandson ten dollars to help her.
She calls her sisters on Christmas.
One day she daydreamed about a rope swing near a cliff.
She knew she would never start the carpool run in time if he didn't hurry.
The building was old and decrepit and it almost looked haunted.
He applied for a job at NASA and was rejected.
While they were out, they realized they had nothing in common so Louis took Ashley home.
It showed up in my mail a few days later.
We drove to the house only to find we had gone to the wrong place.
Fred found the shoes in his closet.
While 6 feet of snow fell, the power never went out.
He refused to go to the doctor about it.
They never laid eggs though.
Neither one of them could read or write.
His wife bought him foot powders that worked very well.
He came right in.
He loved watching the acrobats at the carnivals.
He told me he had a nightmare about having cancer.
He saw the big machines package it, too.
They finally found out the baby's gender.
There was no server available so he decided to go home.
He had enough money in his bank account to survive for three months.
She was being kind and understanding when I asked her about the issue.
Bjorn saw a clear path for his car to leave the driveway.
He sadly realized he was invited to a game because he was an easy mark.
Lucy opened the box and realized it was missing parts.
After my family's noisy home, I was so happy to have peace and quiet.
Looking at the news, we realized it was going to be sunny all day.
I was invited to the banquet but decided to decline right away.
His friend saw him off in the distance.
I was surprised to find boxes of old baby clothes.
They weren't any different from his old shoes.
Her friends told her that they would help and she declined to ever learn.
He realized he had forgotten his wallet.
There are no bullies at his school.
We couldn't find a decent spot anywhere.
She did not need the recipe anymore.
However, they were too small.
The house he was in had broken windows he could not fix.
He has a girlfriend that he's always happy to see but she wasn't there and he didn't care when we left.
I walked inside the lunch room and sat down.
He decided to go to a different library from now on.
He walked towards the balloon then realized it was on a string being held by a girl he used to know.
He was not allowed to have pets during his childhood.
She forgot to but something for him.
His family keeps putting off his lessons.
He got caught and jailed when he went through the president's phone.
She had to share her favorite animal.
She decided to keep it a secret.
She walked on stage with a sick, crying baby.
She tied him up with a chain.
Tom was passing a note to Sarah.
They went to the store, and bought costumes.
He didn't like any of the sculptures on display.
He had to do chores.
He traded it for a slightly newer car.
It was a very rainy and overcast.
He had all sorts of balls, but all were irreplaceable.
Amy was kind of excited to see her mom throwing out the junk food.
Her mother threw away all her books on her birthday.
He brought the soup to the customer and put it on the table.
He wanted to jump off the side.
Noah does not like family jokes.
He decided to buy books, and could only afford one.
Rose was her friend.
She just had her tubes tied.
Kate had to move to Tim's neighborhood.
Dan was happy because he couldn't play football anymore.
My mom had recently been considered in remission from cancer.
She arrives safely and has a good time.
He has been putting all his money in the bank so he can buy a car someday.
They stood quietly until the fire drill was over and then returned to class.
The pretty girl I married was offering me a cupcake.
She decided to take a nap too.
She already bought him slippers.
However, the power went out on my electric stove.
She asked the librarian whether she could buy the book.
It seemed like the middle of nowhere so he took the bus.
He had bills to pay but he needed to work despite being sick.
A girl had thrown a stick at her.
He went over the list of books and returned them all.
Her mom agreed to pay for lessons.
Typically I make my pasta with a cheese based paste.
She drank coffee to wake up.
They turned on the oven to pre-heat it.
It melted before it was even complete.
Kelly started to fall alseep.
Kim was the only one who wanted to take nude shots but her sisters refused and left.
He decided to stay in the Army until retirement.
He already knew how to speak French.
Children and Adults stayed far from the water.
She waited until her mom was in the shower.
Except Timmy--he hates it.
She was then angry when Jim stood her up.
As he walked into the bathroom he noticed the word cheater was written across his forehead in permanent marker.
There was so many different grades of it he didn't know what to get.
She is single now and is the owner of a very successful spa.
One day, in the middle of a recipe I notice we were short of milk.
Her grandma was sipping tea on the garden swing.
He was scared to get on a place so he tried flapping his arms.
They worked it out and became stronger.
Her windshield was already cracked and it was hard to see.
When she paid for her groceries, she found she only saved $3.00.
She took out the trash, and the smell was gone.
He was a mechanic and fixed it as they came.
She got a jump from her neighbor but then she crashed it.
He drove a bright pink truck and wore pink overalls.
He learned to swim instead.
He decided to cover his eyes the whole time.
She got sick and couldn't trick or treat.
She was the fattest girl in class.
She decided to order it from a delivery service.
Fred accidentally shot his cousin.
James stayed in the same place.
He bought a new one.
He made a beautiful sculpture out of the aluminum and even won a prize for its uniqueness.
The job was for the inside of a large estate that would require several pictures.
The gym only allowed men.
She decided not to go to the studio and played hooky.
Her best friend Val arrived.
Her oven stopped working so she bought some instead.
Then Dan's car broke down and he could not get to school.
Joe waited patiently.
One jump was her favorite.
Her voice was not good enough to get very far.
His mom taught him how to make them so he cooked them himself.
He took his son Jake to the garden center and they bought lots of seeds.
Gordon did make enough profits to invest in more napkins.
She had enough cash with her.
Finally a friend recommends that Aurelia try hang-gliding.
Paula was grounded and stayed in bed all night.
The price was high, so she did not bid on it.
She got in contact with her mother who offered some activities.
Finally her father gave her an apple.
The first thing she did was prepare the phone for work.
This was her fourth year in attendance.
One ref thought it was holding and the other thought it was too.
Deep in the woods they got lost.
It was negative  20 out.
On one particular Monday, Paul was feeling very ill.
She gave the baby orange slices.
The man gave David a huge tip.
Sandy Johnson loved to swim on the beach with her husband.
His doctor had to leave to treat a trauma case at the hospital.
Fortunately he won the lottery and would never work a day in his life.
I don't like being outside in the dark.
They brought their frog, Lucas.
He was trying to get home to watch his favorite show before he missed it.
I said yeas and we lived happily ever after.
He at least sat far from the stage.
He dressed up nicely and got a job.
Charles ended up flirting with a Latina girl in the library.
Anna asked her Dad for two puppies.
The first couple changed their minds after seeing the long lines during black Friday.
They had decided that they needed some time away from their families.
He rented an apartment instead.
He got ants in his drawer and had to throw it out.
He was trying to paint the living room.
She waited in the waiting room until she got sick of waiting and left.
No one came down the road ever.
She was happy that she had bought a prelit tree.
She was in the backyard.
He determined it was best to use it safely.
The less experienced fighter had an injury.
They were happy because she was mean.
Some guy mugged him on his way home from work.
It was twins.
She was an adult and not easily scared.
I keep them to myself and stayed single.
She calls around but can't get an appointment scheduled.
It was a short ride so she just stood and held on.
She thought she could not do it, because she was very overweight.
He invited his friends and they slept.
He didn't plan anything out and was going to do it alone.
He knew exactly where he wanted to go.
Jay replied that Jim was right.
But when he got home the TV would not work.
He studied hard and was totally prepared for his test.
His mom wanted to listen, too.
She saw no vendors selling toys.
But he found it difficult so he quit.
He walked to the hospital and died that night.
He only likes to consume Popsicles.
He decided to try checkers instead.
He turned on the radio on his smartphone.
She walked around carefully around the doors so she wouldn't stub her toes.
Rhonda was a lawyer and worked too many hours to suit Rich.
Kayla wanted to play the flute just as a hobby.
He went to live with his grandmother and finally found happiness.
Tom was happy because he was learning sumo wrestling.
Suddenly, it began to get cold and he rushed out.
He sold them to the grocery store.
I sped through the finish line and slowed to a stop.
She was hoping that the most valuable player award would go to her friend.
Sam built a spaceship out of the Legos.
Suddenly he felt something heavy in his pants pocket.
Janice already hates school and her teacher.
The girl behind the counter said they ran out of ice cream.
He decided to take up fishing instead.
She didn't practice or take extra classes.
She saw the sights, and decided to skip it.
The kids refused to play the game and didn't leave their chairs.
They were talking about their weekend.
He hated cats after seeing the one his neighbor had.
He couldn't because of a heart condition.
He drove there in top speed.
He decided not to be like his friends.
It had a terrible habit of cussing at men though.
Tonight she came to our house with a hangover.
She never took any cooking class.
He knew the seeds would grow watermelons.
Then she changed her mind and decided she wanted a kitten instead.
But his mom told him to stop playing because he might get hurt.
I was hired as a dishwasher instead.
But I was rejected on the screening.
Then, a strange man came up to her.
He came upon a few songbirds.
She decided to attend a pep rally to support her friends.
He wanted to go to the woods.
Timmy always won.
He was hitting all green lights and making good time so he could slow down a little.
I caught one fish and went home to cook it.
His mommy told him he could play with his brother's truck.
One of the fireworks failed to explode.
Yesterday she finally gave us a night off.
Carl's friends stopped talking to him because he was stuck up.
Her mother gave her a wig.
She didn't have enough money for one though.
It was garbage day and the garbage truck was already there.
He forgot his mitt at home.
After one year she made enough money to buy an apartment.
I buckled my son in and got into the car.
He bought an elaborate baby costume.
Little did he know she left the state.
There was a hurricane so she went home.
He preferred to go skiing.
His mother said she loved it.
Larry knew the forecast called for a thunderstorm.
When they arrived, they were helped right away.
She moved into her sisters room.
He forgot to plan a date and bring a ring.
He asked a trainer to help making sure he was doing it properly.
I had never been to NH and was very excited to go see them.
The dog peed and ran back into the house.
We sat at the bar and the bar tender took our order.
She missed the open try outs.
She ignored the new boy.
He carried them to the trash and threw them out.
A bear stepped out in front of him.
I drank all of the grape juice in one sitting.
His family didn't want to attend.
Amy decided not to confront her husband about the mistress.
He was looking forward to hiring a babysitter for the day.
She had to wear old jeans.
Joe's car had been in the shop near his house.
Maria fought hard to beat the cancer for her family and in the end, it went into remission.
I ran into my friends there and my dad went back home.
They decided to play chess for hours.
She died in her sleep.
It was a warm summer day.
He walked over to the tomatoes and couldn't yet find any fruit.
His friends convinced him not to get one.
They stood in stacks on the floor of the truck.
I opened the door and went in.
She went with friends and had a good time.
He couldn't sleep in his own room.
I was confident in my ability to win.
Lily left at 9 am sharp each day of the trip.
Jill's team had the worst hitting stats in their league.
She chose a chalk marker instead of chalk because markers kept hands clean.
He never believed them and refused to enter cooking contests.
Every year, they tried to convert them into Jehovah's Witnesses.
She decided to shave it all off.
He never accepted any form of bribery.
She and her boyfriend wouldn't be able to take a vacation for a long time.
He was motivated to move without anyones help.
He began to dust everything for fingerprints but there were none.
He always listened to her, and tied his shoes.
He drove extremely fast and was uncareful.
She kills him in his sleep.
Amy was nervous to tell Beth she had a crush on her.
We liked each other from the start.
He noticed a woman standing near a tree.
He would sell fresh cut flowers from it at the market.
He wouldn't play this last offseason because of injury.
He made a recipe he knew would turn out great.
He didnt make the team and gave up athletics.
It had smashed through the building with no problem.
She sat in the back away from the other kids.
She issued him a ticket and then walked away.
We decided to have a Barbecue and let the kids play outside.
She quit and found a new job.
He didn't care about working hard to be a good employee.
He asked his dad to sign him up for soccer.
She decided to one last one for her friend.
He liked it that way.
During the party the girls played spin the bottle.
But he never downloaded music illegally.
Her boyfriend proposed to her over winter break.
He was winning every game.
He went and looked for a rotisserie chicken and bought one.
It was too easy to wear a wristwatch.
He got hit by a car but wasnt injured.
Then, she got a bunch of notifications on her phone.
He asked for a promotion.
Her parents encouraged her because it was not dangerous.
He decided to post a video online for the towns talent show.
They got back together the very next day.
He wasnt allowed to eat it because of an allergy.
He asked the waitress to bring lots of pickles for his burger.
They have a habit of spending more then they make.
She had the best pair that never quit working.
Suddenly he realized he was back at his car.
We would stay during the snowy winters, having the times of our lives.
He had no experience or skills.
I had been excited to lose it because of my cousin.
His favorite food is ice cream.
He never got to play in the games because he is injured.
He fixed it using his savings.
On the way he ran into a friend and forgot to go to the dry cleaners.
He took out a tablet and started watching t.v. to pass the time.
But suddenly wished he never ate it again.
The game he was playing was very easy.
It was a lakehouse.
Her grandmother placed all the orders.
John took a graduation trip to France.
It was a stuffed bear.
Larry was excited because he was going to visit Universal Studios.
There were boy scouts outside.
We decided to complain about the poor service.
When the waiter came, I ordered first.
The really missed the city after a couple of days.
Mike did not hear Bob's comment.
Sadly, it got lost in the mail.
The ring wasn't big enough.
They met a man named Carlos who warned them not to gamble.
They enjoy playing extreme Frisbee.
He decided to sit down and read the instructions first.
He ordered coffee.
She loved to take showers with hot water.
We searched every store and found nothing.
She watched her friend try out a new trick.
She asked her mom how to.
In one store they saw a good item but forgot to bring some money.
He decided to go dive in the ocean.
Gina got locked in overnight.
She was wearing her brand new white shorts.
He had to go have the rest of it pulled out.
She always wanted her car perfectly clean.
I left the bag for my brother to carry to the trash can.
She went for regular tests at the doctors, and she was getting worse and worse.
She visited the fabric store although they ran out of fabric.
I'm glad I'm on vacation now.
He spent three months sketching out the characters.
She just knew it was going to be a boring movie.
The father took the same way they usually go.
She got injured while playing.
The surfboard he bought was made in China, very cheaply, and it wasn't safe to use it.
But the job didn't seem good.
She decided it was not interesting and stopped watching it.
He had gotten a lot of sleep the night before.
He blew right through a stop sign.
I heard the mailman happily giggling at the cat from upstairs.
He did not find a bike he liked.
So she decided to ask her friend Jax for swimming lessons.
The baby didn't seem to want to stop playing with the toy.
Lee was not a fan of the museums and decided to explore the city.
He had all fresh ingredients including the bread.
Year's before, he had been a star student.
My wife wanted me to go to the doctor immediately, and I agreed.
It was too hot and no one came by.
When I was ready to leave, I grabbed my cellphone.
She entered the correct cook time on the oven timer.
He found it on the porch.
Sam started off eating the spiciest sushi available.
He ran from the dog since he is scared of them.
Megan's apple tree had not produced any good apples to use for the pie.
Jake's mother decided to hide in the bed under the covers.
I had to take the bus home.
He waited but he never showed up.
She put glue on her teacher's chair.
He loved that the music wasn't so loud if you sat at the back.
He rented a nice car and drove home.
She did not go to the grocery because she did not want to get a pregnancy test.
She told the girl that she didn't have a brother and she left.
Gabe wasn't intimidated because of his own abilities.
None of the cars had prices on them.
We rode only 4 rides at California Adventure in one day.
She was watching her cousins in their cribs.
There was a snowstorm on the way.
He got out of the car and had a picnic.
Although they were easy to get I finally got a full time permanent job.
He loved floral plants and greenery.
He wore them all the time.
She didn't seem to mind since it was one of her favorite songs.
He put a lot of money into gold as an investment.
Phoenix knocked on an old farmhouse and a man grabbed him from the side.
The bride and groom wore Western denim, boots and cowboy hats.
He finished the ride and had cotton candy.
He really didn't like his job much so he decided to get another one and is much happier.
She dug into a rock and couldn't go further into the ground.
Sarah was driving Annie nuts because she was using a huge sun umbrella wherever she went.
I walked as it was just down the street.
He told jokes on a podcast.
Good thing she was tall enough to see over everyone.
Logan was relieved because Eve was crazy.
And she was trying to find a seat in class.
The bus made it intime.
He was wide awake and looked out the window on the way there.
He dropped out of college because of math.
All the spider decorations horrify her.
She never wants to play with me.
He had ordered meals from Jenny Craig.
When she woke up she tried using a flat iron on it.
His manager Jerry gave Tom the day off.
She wanted to make her a card.
He presented hi family album and pet parakeet for show-and-tell.
Cassie ate her lunch on the way to school.
She was so annoyed from what she got the last few months, so she stopped the subscription.
But, Ella knew she was going to have a boy and she was right.
The groom gave him a tux to wear.
All the sudden she fell asleep.
Helen had a crush on him, too.
We went to the theater and there were plenty of tickets available.
He and his friends were chugging beers.
She had one big cake and she was frosting it.
A doctor said people need to eat more fruit.
Christa stayed there and babysat while her aunt went to work.
He died at the police station.
He had bought a suit last month.
Amy wanted to make Beth feel good again.
He had to fake his way through work that day.
She ate it all before anyone else got any.
He fell asleep early, because he was fearful of ghosts.
Ronald refused the offer of some octopus sushi.
I left everything to charity.
He doesn't want to practice playing the guitar.
She walked around the lake and went back home.
Sara was very good at the violin, and she was very confident.
Each day was getting a little better though, so she was not sad.
She loved driving long distances and before she knew it, she was there.
His mom made sure to never have pickles in the house.
Dana ended up falling off a cliff.
John could no longer eat every new pizza because he was diagnosed with celiac.
He started to get bored, and he dozed off a bit.
He couldn't afford to buy any so he just went back home.
He looked at his own paper.
He decides to get a hair transplant.
Then they decided they would rather have a cake so they made that instead.
They went to the club and found some opponents.
She joked to co-workers that she'd never get pregnant ever.
He didn't enjoy taking long trips.
Suddenly the radio turned on.
But her diabetes made eating them very dangerous.
It started to rain so she went in.
Most days a lot  happens and I get up after a few minutes.
She got married but continued studying instead of having kids.
Currently it is only $20 a month.
I got in the habit of eating nothing but healthy foods.
She was annoyed because her neighbor was selling junk.
She asked someone for a ladder to get to the highest shelf.
That afternoon they got a flyer in the mail.
I missed class that day and failed.
We liked to play in it.
He decided to work hard on his current job and got promoted.
She's too lazy to try, though.
I had made a mistake with my pen and couldn't erase it.
My wife saw me do it and yelled.
I had a cheat sheet and aced it.
His younger brother Jeff outdid Jim by making the company tons of money.
This morning he unplugged it from the wall.
They decided to put a puzzle together.
She felt like she was really good at it.
She stopped and began petting them when she realized they were her boyfriend's dogs.
Rich was a banker with lots of money.
He decided to take some vacation days so he could take the family camping.
It was her high school crush Devin.
He loved Halloween and dressed up as Ironman.
Ida turned the heater on.
He thought his friend was acting like an obnoxious jerk.
I am now an honorable judge.
She didn't know how to tell if it was loaded or not.
At class, Kya found out no one would be able to cook due to a health safety issue.
Every student failed the test.
Joey knew he wouldn't fall.
He went on a mission to Mars.
I couldn't find a good pancake recipe.
One day he decided to ride a public bus.
They also had kittens and we got one instead of a puppy.
She wanted to make a huge slab pie.
During the off-season they decided against any big changes.
His methods were unorthodox at times so he got fired.
He used adblock and practiced safe browsing.
She read that baking soda was great for hair.
And sometimes she is funny, according to May.
She forgot to bring her glasses.
His girlfriend says she is happy for him.
She discovered that Bob drinks occasionally.
She went to a designer breeder.
She didn't have any brothers or sisters but she had many friends in school.
She decided to date girls.
The project was finally complete.
He went to stay at home to avoid social activity.
That's why I've been doing it for years.
So he would stay at his mom's house every night.
She didn't like the idea of killing them but she did.
She decided not to wear any makeup.
One day he got an order for 10 chairs.
He loved his new job.
She was depressed to get a new start.
I was looking to just browse all the stores.
The book was protected by a curse and anyone who touched it lost their hands.
So she refused to be in the school play.
The assignment was to make homemade candles.
He thought he was too cool to participate in the game.
I needed to go back to bed.
He ate them every day until they were gone.
They love to do homework every Friday.
Her parents hired her a tutor and she decided to give it a chance.
Vinny had a crush on Nancy and secretly wanted her for himself.
Her mom let Cindy keep it in her pocket.
At first I agreed, then I changed my mind.
He invited one of his friends.
Tim was the 1st mate.
To my surprise, I was sent the wrong book.
Amy wanted to stop reading and go outside.
He had no idea what the show was about.
She didnt want to read it, she only read horror.
He dressed up in a tuxedo and security let him in the party with no questions.
She was happy that she got a competent worker on the line.
He smelled the aroma of freshly opened tuna in the house.
Lucy and her grandmother kept the unflattering picture a secret.
I only had a sip, to avoid getting drunk.
He saw a strange man running outside.
Because it was the runt of the litter and had died.
They said all mean things.
There were no bugs because it was cold out.
He ate a bowl of cereal.
The family was wealthy and could pay more, even though their kids were a delight.
He borrowed a winsuit from his best friend.
Her teacher finally decided to have his top student help her understand the subject.
A small piece of paper was left on the ground.
She was awake the whole night.
So he decided to like girls.
I walked to the counter, saw nothing I liked so I left.
He was upset that he had nothing to do at work.
He needed me to read a letter for him.
His mom got him the hat for his birthday.
He bought a nice flower plant instead.
He wanted to use airmiles for the flight.
She asked him to come pick her up because it was dark.
We only called people in another state.
He was excited about it, but couldn't attend.
He fell asleep all night on the sofa.
He came home crying because he failed.
He couldn't afford to get her something special.
He turned the music on extremely loud.
She was focusing really hard.
Jed being strong and in shape didn't feel pain.
Bill decided he would never go near the park's crazy rollercoasters.
One day while he was working he saw a seal struggling in the water.
But there was only vanilla in the freezer.
Pam walked Gina home and talked about her school friends.
Even as I grew my feet stayed bigger than the rest of me.
Bob misses his dog at home.
He had practiced driving for many hours so he got used to it.
The were both white.
He loved being always surrounded by people.
Her mother had a secret recipe she emailed to her.
I declined because I was at work.
It was a joyous event.
He fell in and got swept downstream.
Buck accidentally lost Bill.
But sometimes I just go there just to drink a coffee.
He was taking algebra this year and surprisingly doing really well.
I was bombing him from up high in a tree.
One of his friends gave Ben a gift.
Good thing he didn't need to go to work today.
I put them in and forgot to turn on the power.
He had a flat time and didn't have a spare.
She made it better at home though.
His girlfriend was sad because she loved his old one.
She was too tired to get out of bed and see what it was.
Last week she won $100 from a scratch off.
She had nothing to clean it with.
He was too lazy to study with a tutor.
He waited in line and asked for for a single sample.
He kept the old one because it felt lucky.
He took some ibuprofen and was fine.
One night, Briana went missing.
Lucy was happy that her grandma helped her.
Nothing could help her and she remained deaf.
One day she noticed her neighbor Tom raking leaves into her yard.
The wind was cold against my face so they closed the door quickly.
I put the capo back in my case.
We decided to have me pick him up first.
Thank god her parents didn't split up or her dog run away.
She hid there all the time from bullies.
Josh had trouble pronouncing certain sounds in 1st grade.
His chart looked very childish.
She went on a cruise to gather ideas.
One day she noticed she had extra pills.
There weren't any boots on sale.
He told me his name was Warren.
She tried the charger in her car instead.
Tommy hated reading, and he played a marathon of video games instead.
The connector allowed the fastest charging she ever had.
She didnt know anyone in there.
He always know what to cook!.
He wanted to sleep.
Things were getting bad so spent the whole weekend cleaning.
She went to study by herself.
They were 7 hours into a 9 hour drive and she was bored.
She was updating her anti virus software.
He got custody of the children.
He was too careful and never left the campsite.
I didn't really like them, so I sold them.
She did not notice the video link.
None of them broke in over the months.
Sam challenged John to a race but they were busted by the cops just as they were getting ready to start.
She never learned how to make it.
They both wanted a challenge, but the trees are too small.
Suddenly, it started to downpour.
I got what I needed and got out within an hour.
Kyle is very easy-going and I am almost as good.
She thought about getting up and singing but she spilled her wine all over herself and had to go home.
She lived in the mountains and hid in the woods.
She was relieved when she found it on her nightstand.
They were shocked to learn at the show someone tried to cheat.
It burnt and they threw it out.
None of them like train rides.
He got his key out of his pocket.
She stepped on a hardhat carelessly left behind by the roofer.
Cal suddenly felt wetness with his foot.
Halfway through he completely ran out of paint.
In a few weeks, her basil plants are dead.
He decided he wanted to take on chess instead.
Nelli said "no way!".
She came out of the store and drove away.
Jed love crashing parties and no one ever minded because he always brought plenty of booze for everyone.
He decided she was out of his league and avoided her.
He decided not to replace it until it fell off.
Judy was spending time time alone at her house for the holidays.
Kelsi was happy to find a Law and Order marathon going on.
I bought her an expensive Christmas surprise.
She told her mom that she got a new job.
She was prescribed medication and life got better.
My kids and I didn't bring any snacks during the movie.
Despite his work schedule, family was always at the forefront of his priorities.
The server advised to try the cheese instead.
She went to the DMV, but it was closed.
But she did not know how to sing.
He saw a commercial for volunteering.
She had a lot of offers for work, so she took the office job.
Her doctor had recommended to take Vitamin E pills instead.
She went to the local park near her house.
His teacher taught him how to algebra.
While I was in a conference, she went sightseeing and met and fell in love with someone and left me.
He laughed because he didn't know who would want them.
Her ex boyfriend told her she can't stay with him.
I had the story line set up and the factions figured out.
Monica put the baby in the crib and was able to sit down and have some lunch.
This year she made ham.
She decided to cut her hair herself.
He was killed on duty.
He didnt want a haircut.
A cat went in front of my house.
Last night my husband and I went decided to have one last sweets binge.
He passed away last night.
No one sat on the bus had taken the seat next to her.
She adopted one dog and took good care of it.
She wanted to take a girls trip to Miami, but a hurricane was approaching.
Her baby was small for a newborn and had to stay overnight for observation.
So, I went in the backyard to pick apples.
After wiping down the table I realized I didn't have placemats that matched.
The campus bookstore was giving it for free.
I served myself something to drink instead.
He was never caught for stealing the car.
He skipped prom because he knew it would be too expensive.
She worked diligently for about 30 minutes and then sat down on her bed and started reading a book.
She decided not to go to the party.
The charity provided them enough food.
He loaded the bags of garbage into the back of his pickup truck.
He would use his own card to buy games.
The dog does not come back.
He was texting his girlfriend on his phone.
Pete threw the frisbee straight to Tom.
After weeks of trying, Katrinas mother still said no.
His father cheered him on.
He went out and bought a humane trap, caught the mouse and put it out in a field.
They hid the eggs well, but the kids found them all.
It was over the death of Chuck's brother.
She used her savings to buy a gift.
One day, men attacked his precious livestock.
He was supposed to get rid of it.
He found a little stray kitten who looked hungry.
Her parents surprised her with a new washer and dryer for Christmas.
She found none in the cupboard.
He grabbed his keys and left for work.
Tom tried to wave to the dog over their video call.
It was a big trial and I was excused.
She slowed down and used the off ramp.
They decided to play hide and seek and Mick's sister never could find him.
The cat liked to curl up in a blanket beside Cal.
He began ignoring it due to stress.
He napped for several hours every day.
She put the things they needed in a taxi.
He went to the movies.
The pillows ended up making my neck hurt in the morning.
She didn't want to call her son back home.
They thought they was mean for feeding them sub par food.
Beth looked up how to fix her garbage disposal and figured out how to replace it.
He decided to stay at the job.
The steam from the new iron burned his hand.
She did it all by herself and was so proud.
They started making pizza and went broke.
He was waiting for his parents to buy him one.
I looked and realized that it's a tree.
Anna saw her friends at the mall and was disappointed that she couldn't be with them.
Constance was so excited to finally be with Francisco.
The last guest did not have a career.
Like when he visited his ex-girlfriend in Houston.
She stood me up.
She goes to her moms to eat until payday.
She was an underground fetish model.
He had enough money.
I went to the pet store but couldn't find any kitten for me.
Gina fought off her company.
They had left their phones at home so they weren't disturbed.
He wanted to develop better bowling shoes.
She got her family together to have one.
She enjoyed messing up and seeing the frowns on the children's faces.
She realized she only had pork in the freezer.
Luanne was excited to see them even though they just had dinner yesterday/.
My boss and I got served in 5 minutes.
The hurricane took a sharp turn and missed Florida.
She failed quitting smoking.
Chuck never took his son out on a hunting trip.
He had a fun pair that he wore more often.
Frank accidentally broke an expensive plate and got fired for it.
Jenny was going to go on a meat only diet consisting of fish and chicken.
The place was closed and they never came back.
I bought all the ingredients for double chocolate cake.
She gathered waffle mix and started to make a waffle.
They didn't like the new movie and decided not to watch it.
He liked being a cop, but he loved rapping.
Suddenley she got a headache.
Her teacher suggested she became a doctor.
Jessica had two younger sisters.
She would not cry unless her mom was there.
My car made it to work on time.
His house was robbed.
His dad said the concert was cancelled.
She hit the brakes as she began to go downhill.
I dropped my cup near my desk.
The didn't believe in ghosts.
When it didn't come, I went home and skipped school for the day.
They had a horrible time.
She can afford to see them quite often.
She put on her biking helmet.
Her dog was afraid of all the other dogs at first but calmed down and started to play with them.
I like to walk down the creeks and hunt for arrowheads and other stone artifacts.
One day they all went shopping.
He figured out it was a dead mouse.
So the next day, she paid her heating bill.
He ripped the newspaper.
He rarely left his mobility unit since he was in a wheelchair.
When she did, he gave her a hug and a kiss.
Her husband refused and uninvited their friends.
Carrie didn't trust Manny and told him no.
One of my cousins thought it would be boring to bind himself to a tree.
So she dropped out of high school.
He opened an envelope that had a birthday card inside.
After he failed a quiz, his teacher began to do his homework with him.
She tried a few ideas, but nothing works so she just bought her dad a garland for his birthday.
Before they left, she buried a tiny toy car in the ground.
Kelly was unhappy she could not get one.
Officer Jones did not see a man walk past him.
She wasn't much for icebergs or being on a big boat for days.
He was going to fail no matter what he got on the test.
My Mom get track of our scores.
Sara remembered every single word to her favorite song and sung it loudly.
Jeremy is a champion diver.
He decided to start a personnel placement agency to help others.
One day the tunnel was under construction due to a collapse.
He found a skeet ball machine that gave out a lot of tickets.
He didn't tell anyone.
He was always on time.
Mary had to miss work since she had no way else of getting there.
His phone rang and he took the last bite of his sandwich.
Her friend Beth begged her to join the debate team.
He tried baking soda, but it didn't work.
He only liked classic cars.
When the package arrived, Vera saw it was only a pill.
Joe loved being on TV and when he saw the news crew, he decided to go hang out in hopes he would be seen.
They were too big and he returned them to the store.
He decided to make an apple pie.
She asked her boyfriend to buy them for her.
He lived with a devil-may-care attitude.
She fell in love with another woman.
He went on an exchange program.
She had 20 dollars to buy chocolate.
She used the vegetable slicer to get a thin cut but ended up cutting herself.
Jill loved the movie.
She came from my neighbor.
He was happy that his team was winning.
One afternoon, Samantha's friend Josh asked her to test his new application.
I have many friends that are graduating high school and I need to get gifts.
He went back inside his house.
She threw out the watch and bought a new one.
He brought his cello to rehearsal.
He made fun of his friends for drinking white wine and vowed never to drink it.
She hanged out with a good crowd.
They both dropped out and got married.
She asked her friend to feed her dog.
She set up camp and then left to go for a swim.
They traveled to their favorite store.
But, she never wants to go to a concert.
Kelly studied hard despite being super busy.
She heard soft jazz music.
We weren't allowed to play any games.
He looked for a spot then gave up and left.
They never go into the back yard.
After Avon started selling their products online, her business dwindled and she had to get another job.
We decided to have a meeting via phone a few days later.
Lara's car would not start.
He didn't like playing with it and donated it.
The decided to have a home birth.
He went to sleep.
One day, Harry decided to give up golf.
My friend recommended installing a sprinkler system.
He decided to buy the next day.
A small kitten tried to climb on her legs.
They played on the swings all day.
He woke up and went to lay on the floor.
One day he befriended a stray dog.
She went on a trip to see her friend in Florida.
It cleared up and the water calmed.
Bob loved writing the essay.
She started lifting weights.
His dad told him no.
She called her mom to take the baby for the weekend.
Her boyfriend was extremely happy.
He accepted it and forgave his wife.
She waited in the front of the building for the bus.
She was so excited!.
It was winter but everyone was healthy.
Her mom suggested she get a facial.
The first time toast was made it turned out very light.
He liked to walk around saying am I too turtley for your turtle club.
I kept trying and trying to hit one and finally hit a homer on my ninth birthday.
Suddenly she stopped to pick up her friend.
She decided to practice and not try out for the competition yet.
Jen said she still have the money.
When Sarah visits a new beach she brings home a seashell from that beach.
The jacket had a zipper and no buttons.
Luckily, they caught everything in time so there were no lasting effects.
He couldnt find any deals.
He tried getting a water bottle to stick to a ping pong ball.
They got tickets online.
He got into his car and got stuck in traffic.
They wore extensions and make up but they still were denied by the bouncers.
He had many resources.
Trixie's owner grooms Trixie herself at home.
The yarn was in a cabinet.
She ordered a large cake for her and her friends.
Amy didn't have enough money for the purse she wanted.
The aunt didn't like them either and left all her possessions to other cousins who found themselves very wealthy.
But he had already played it many times before.
The were off the swings before dark.
I couldnt compete because I had no arms.
Mary's mom never made cookies.
He and Anthony tired and went back to the cabin.
But, he always brushed his teeth.
He quit working on his computer all day.
He dug a hole in the ground, hid his bone and went into a deep sleep.
He wiped down the worktable with bleach.
She was not able to attend an event to read her story for an audience.
They were eating their food and her friend thought it was delicious.
The last time she got sick she headed to the doctor immediately.
They stomped a cheetah to death.
She ended up in the hospital and it turned out to be a tick which we never thought of looking for.
She said she was allergic,  and took an Epi shot.
He bought coffee and went out.
He decides it's a proud sign of a hard days work.
His mom agreed to not to take a bath.
He ate a whole pie.
He was always really scared of the forest.
He got to school early so he'd be first.
He refused to see a doctor.
He was really thirsty.
While she was there, she tried to buy some beer but got carded and she wasn't 21.
Having no idea what it was and the recent news he called the police.
He got on the bus just in time.
Then they decided to plan a bed and breakfast getaway.
She lay on the ground and looked at the clouds.
His friends didn't care and still came over anyway.
He enjoyed the ride and was happy.
She immediately turned to her crush Bill.
She found him to be married.
He learned all the letters immediately.
Bethany decided to marry him.
But he was more of an animal lover.
She managed to go back to her hotel.
Our friend's gerbil had passed away, so it was time to pay our respects.
One time, he was attacked by some hobos living in an abandoned cabin because they thought he was there to rob them.
He used to much grout.
Sam took him for long walks and he grew up so fast.
They heard a sinkhole was happening.
Eager for money, he took a job at McDonalds.
She felt like she'd made it as she placed a complaint on a broken vending machine.
She was able to find a cheaper place to live.
But he pleaded continuously to his mother to purchase it.
This afternoon, after work, she went to pick up her only son.
He invited all friends but none came.
She didn't believe the meteorologist.
I didn't eat lunch due to not having enough money to buy something.
She was very relaxed.
When he arrived, he found a beautiful cat.
She found her way onto the uneven bars.
To make things boring, they decided to play pool instead.
She soon overcame her shyness and looked forward to their visits.
But Phil surprised her and took her to a restaurant for dinner.
Sam was glad since he didn't like snow.
They met at a local casino.
His ancestors were from Alaska.
Thankfully he had enough money on hand.
Suddenly, they heard loud barking.
One day for show and tell he brought his cockroach collection.
But he found out the washer was broken.
My dog is usually well behaved so I didn't have him on a leash.
I called road side assistance to fix it.
He was very excited and started smiling.
She told him to lay on the floor.
My friend was able to re home them right away.
I decided to go swimming instead.
My mouse broke.
He had seen people on TV do it so he went and could really think more clearly.
When Jake picked Mary up for a date he planned to end things.
She was wealthy and money was no object.
But Josh wanted to write something for him.
He forgot to pick up the fish and potatoes for dinner.
The first is that she doesn't have a sink for you to wash your hands.
She got rid of it with bee spray.
I saw a beautiful white dress that I couldn't afford.
They were excited to go home soon.
He ordered some online.
She made a special spot and watched as the mama cat gave birth.
I struggled to handle it with a fork.
Tim won all four rounds.
The principal called the first teacher for the teaching MVP award.
He noticed there was a necklace on the floor.
She was wearing her favorite pair one day and almost stepped in a crack.
She searched stores and finally found a big table she could afford.
Her daughter decided not to try out for a commercial.
She and her father's teams are huge rivals.
I didn't need any shots.
The line was too long and she didn't make it in time.
While admiring the scenery we saw a flash of green.
I am a wedding planner.
He enjoyed voicing his opinion.
He got excited and spent a lot of money on his outfit.
He doesn't care and doesn't think he needs to buy another shirt.
She decided not to go since it'll probably be too busy.
One day lightning hit a tree few hundred yards away from where she was standing.
They both were distracted by the noise.
Mike and Jane had been together for 2 years despite Mike being nervous the first time he asked her out.
There was a show he wanted to watch at eight.
He tried to run as fast as he could.
She couldn't get her dough to rise, so then she bought some.
He kept working at it until he tore some muscles and had to stop lifting.
She didn't want to eat anything.
But, her diet only lasted a few days and she went back to eating junk food.
She went outside to confront the driver of the suspicious car.
They were all having a horrible time stuck in the cabin.
We were playing rough and we broke a lamp so I got grounded.
He did not have to take math for his college major.
She had already finished the books she had taken out last week.
The beach was busy and sharks were spotted offshore.
I turned of all the power in the house.
Development has been easy and quick lately.
She was actually playing with the ghost of her sister.
Neither were attracted to one another.
She was very thrilled about getting on a plane.
He watched his father shave.
He realized he forgot to pay his bill.
Ken kept working hard to please Julie.
He got so good at it, he opened a kiosk in a mall and sells a lot of them.
When she came home at 7, her mother wasn't worried.
My parents told me to they were going on a trip and leaving the house all to me.
His father was proud of him for playing however he wanted.
She did not attend the class reunion.
She went to the neighborhood florist and bought a dozen roses.
He hated his job and quit.
He kept them in a secret file on his laptop.
Joan knew he was okay because she was a doctor.
He brought it home to his dad.
She met up with some friends around the corner.
She decided she wanted a dog to keep her company.
Nothing they had sounded good so they ordered a pizza and watched movies all night.
So he took lessons and soon he was an expert skater.
Just call the party line and pay to be connected with a girl.
His grandma made him some hot chocolate with marshmallows.
But George was absentminded and always seemed to lose books so they cut off his privileges until he paid for the lost books.
She finally pulled on it hard enough.
The factory caught fire and was shutdown.
He decided to donate it to a local thrift shop.
He found a wife but still was unhappy and bored.
She went home and decided to keep the book.
She decided she liked being lonely.
Francis decided he wanted to take his puppy to obedience classes because he behaved badly.
I fed them to my dog and he loved them.
He got an A on a test.
She decided to buy some frosting that was cold.
Pete's dad got his oil changed while Pete made them both coffee in the house.
He fell asleep waiting for Zoltar.
She was divorced now.
He went home and could not come up with a design.
A cartoon came on the screen.
She found a local market for cheap.
She doesn't have any ingredients she needed.
She was aghast when he stuck his napkin inside of his shirt for a bib.
It wouldn't even calm down when given a bottle.
One day he decided he could take more of it.
She left and saw a bear in the parking lot.
It was a really peaceful ride home.
The town was forced to dig a new well.
Suddenly, the window broke.
It would not make predictions because it was broken.
My professor offered to write me one.
Her husband refused to go on a trip with her.
The professor loved it.
He wanted a bad one for his Christmas card.
She wouldn't get any sleep because she had to go to work.
He was bored despite feeling nauseous.
He wasn't able to attend since he was going back to his hometown for Christmas.
Tom was her brother.
He slept until school was over.
It ran away.
Tasha was confident to have enough time to finish everything.
She decided to treat herself to a makeover.
Her friends were very supportive of her.
I was dreading it, so I pretended I was sick.
They were all in the mood for Pizza and decided to order it instead.
He decided he needs to force himself to cook though.
He saved up for a foosball table, and a television.
He was relieved when the dentist said his teeth were perfect.
Shoes were very expensive when I was young.
He gave up because everyone thought he was a terrible clown.
The night was hot, so they lit a fire.
After high school she decided to pursue acting.
She is happy. that Jill lives with her boyfriend.
She stayed with her niece and took a nap.
She lived in a small apartment with her son.
Her brothers are also scared of clowns.
She was all alone.
They were winning by 3 points in the 4th quarter.
Joe saw him and ran away.
One time, he took me to Fenway Park.
He bought her flowers and put them on the table before she got home.
He noticed a tear in the flag and bought a new one.
When her poured some cereal into his bowl, a bug popped out.
He could not see anything.
One day, his father gave him a million dollars.
He wanted to ride on Space Mountain and got fast pass to skip the line.
She found a table on sale.
He's been looking for things to resell online.
He didn't want to stop in a row.
She decided to enroll in the drama class because she felt she had no other talents.
All of his friends went swimming.
She saved her money and got her own place.
We saw a party was happening.
He took some medicine and it cleared right up.
He wasn't lonely and had a lot of friends.
His father constantly cooked for him.
Lisa decided to never tell that she cheated on him.
Mandy found a job in her career field.
One day he was fired from his job for it.
This made the school happy and they gave him his own candy selling booth.
He decides he wants to run for president.
He bought a costume at the store.
They arrived early for the first showing.
He was afraid of dogs.
His girlfriend convinced him to get a cat instead.
His name was Steven.
She told her mom she wasn't going to do any chores anymore.
There were no pots and pans to wash.
He had been healthy for two weeks.
He was donating a leather coat.
The high school dance was coming up and Johnny wasn't allowed to go.
The family knew that Frankie preferred to be the only cat.
The hamster was on top of his cage.
His outfits were horribly tacky, though.
Ed dropped out of school and got a job instead.
She was tired and put the baby to sleep so she could nap too.
Suddenly a strange object crumbled under her toe.
She rarely practiced.
She was tired of watching for them and really wanted to go home.
He never went there.
They were going to a movie.
He looked at all these images of skinny guys.
She knew they were somewhere in the house so she wasn't worried.
He knew he needed to study but he didn't want to.
It's pretty slow and there's often nothing to do.
They always ate between meals because of their religion.
She wanted to fly.
He makes her a pb and j.
The kid used to be a brat and screamed to get his way so we showed everyone one of his tantrums on video.
He got sent home for sneaking alcohol on the trip.
The beer was expensive, so he decided to brew his own.
He really didn't know how to cook one so he called his friend and they shared the lobster.
One day he went to the movie theater.
The bus never showed up to the stop.
He ate the apple quickly.
His wife hated to go to clubs.
He was also watching the movie awards ceremony.
The boat was great and ran without problems.
She had been looking forward to her vanilla cake all day.
The forest didn't have any animals.
Her mother encouraged her to try out choir.
She told her mom she was excited, and she couldn't wait.
He was going to sculpt.
He'd never been to a library though.
She had more than enough money for the repairs.
He got his brother to cosign for him.
My watermelons were ready to harvest.
Now, I was finally able to travel.
He was successful with learning the language from a class at the community center.
There was a dog looking back at her.
His mother wanted to make some for him.
He decided to buy a new pair.
Jay ignored his teacher's advice about accidents.
My girl friend saw a cute bear.
I asked for a drink and he told me we were done for the day.
They were gathered outside at a bonfire.
They kept taking more shots but Fred didn't drink.
they were having a good time.
The first one was a petite 3 year old blonde with green eyes.
It broke quickly.
Tim asked the principal to get him to return it, but he wouldn't.
Her company has already replaced her.
She surprised Lucy with a cake.
She looked for recipes that had no chocolate in them.
She broke them all first.
The major looked at his uniform and told him it was perfect.
Gary was anticipating getting his weight taken.
He was upset because he was too sick to play.
She didn't procrastinate and loved going door to door.
But he knew it wasn't the healthiest for him so he ate it in moderation.
I hired someone to build it on the floor.
She wasn't excited to take it.
She searched and found her child when he was 17.
But the nail party was postponed due to some financial reasons.
Her boyfriend didn't know anything about it.
He decided it was best to apologize.
But on Valentine's Day she realized she forgot them all.
The two walked their horses all the way to their beach house.
She wants to be single for a while.
He avoided practicing all week.
She worked hard on her social skills.
It has a crack that's splitting.
She was trailing way behind them.
He felt sick even though he had slept all night.
He gets an email saying it's been delayed.
Jamie had her reasons for being estranged and she knew she would never speak to her father again.
He was able to manage his anger with the help of medications.
She was already prepared.
Her mother gave her a telescope.
He wasn't that busy today and got a lot of late work done.
So Jim went outside in the pool.
The the car stopped to help.
But he lost to another player who was better.
Once, he correctly read a receipt to one of his customers.
He tried but his business failed miserably.
All of a sudden we started falling down in a mudslide.
She decided to sneak away but got caught and was grounded for a month.
He saw that the other candidates had suits and ties.
But his mother never allowed him because he was too skinny.
She was born mute and couldn't sing.
Then after spending hours on it, the music didn't download properly and she had to start over.
So I watched Game of Thrones all night.
He enjoyed living in sunny Florida.
Nathan is loyal.
They played the performance in the school auditorium.
After she graduated from college, she took a backpacking trip around Europe.
There were only two people at work each day.
She already knew how to bake from scratch.
I decided not to go to it.
Her favorite soup was Alfredo chicken and broccoli.
He could not crack newer model vaults though.
Each of the family members lived in the same neighborhood.
He shared the idea with his friend who decided to write the story.
Then his girlfriend asks for his hand in marriage.
Matthews team was winning near the end of the fourth quarter.
They had booze and they were all sorts of people there.
A girl said she would date him because she loves beards.
I answered and continue to sleep.
It talked about a band she liked.
She needed to unwind after all her a final exams, so she stayed for a while.
One day she decided to take her dog with her to look at some.
One man was particular ridiculous to deal with.
I decided to go alone.
But he only had ten dollars and the one at the dollar store was fourteen dollars.
The disk seemed brand new.
He searched for jobs in the bakeries.
She grabbed a paper and a pencil.
She couldn't eat but was excited for the rides.
But he decided he would never catch his own.
Gerald decided to order pizza for dinner.
I let her use it but she didn't like it and gave it back.
He took her to a football game downtown and she hated it so he had to break up with her.
Courtney just found out that she isn't his only girlfriend.
They decided they would make an ornate planter.
He called his friends and they agreed to go with him.
So she decided to ask them if they would all just like to come over to her place to party instead.
He finally told his mom, but she didn't believe him.
She forgot to call for a reservation.
He couldn't make an appointment with his doctor because he's on vacation.
She decided to hire an accountant to do her taxes for her.
I feel very connected to the typed words.
After much begging, the teacher agreed to give it back.
Ronda cannot remember any of the cats names.
At least my phone wasn't dead, that was a bright side.
They found an imperfect Christmas tree and were disappointed.
He asked his mother to cut his hair.
He wrapped them around a large doll, but they snapped.
But she ate it every day anyways to be healthy.
To her horror, she foud out she had her first pimple.
Amy said no.
Tina had to teach her a lesson for her daughter to follow her.
She decided to purchase a bird trap.
So he decided to find another job.
She couldnt, it would not fit.
He read everything he could about magic, took lessons, and purchased tons of trick and got bored with it.
Many people bought tickets but they discovered it was a scam.
When I came back to get my cup, someone had thrown it away so I had to get another.
She sat alone in the back to not draw attention to herself.
He told us not to come last weekend.
He was on his side, and quickly died.
She threw on her snow clothes.
It hadn't been there for many nights though.
He found some new ice cream he was going to try.
She talked on the phone for three hours every day, but never at night.
He decided that he never wanted to work again.
I wasn't sure if it was alive, so I kept my distance.
One day, he walked by and saw that they were neon yellow.
There was a big storm one time an they could not ride on the water.
He sold his four thousand acres of land.
He held onto it all night.
The television did not arrive to my house in time.
She called someone from home depot to do it for her.
His father allowed him to participate this year.
He decides to work at another new job.
He sounded really bad and quit playing guitar.
Penny and her family took a short walk to the center of town.
I've had trouble at school.
I've been talking about how we're about ready to break up with each other.
He picked up the mask his wife ordered online.
Mandy hated being in the water.
He always acted, but he wanted to work backstage instead.
She rinsed it away with water.
Charles did not find any way to make money online.
After filling a large bag with leaves from the backyard, they were tired and took a nap.
Gina hated the new teacher.
Luckily she happened to wake up minutes before her alarm would usually go off.
He decided not to sleep that night.
Anna was a smart gal and made sure it was fake before she bought it.
She tried watching cooking shows, and they were very helpful.
Sometimes, she feels like the other kids are studious.
There were bills and lot of personal letters.
I knew a lot of people in the school.
He enjoyed laying around the house.
The two girls fought nonstop.
He blew off studying.
They were suddenly let out of detention.
The toy never arrived.
She was so nervous about the test.
It began to burn from the melted butter.
They decided to collaborate.
It was a normal day for him with no meetings or presentations.
when they were done he let them cool in the oven.
He never yelled because his students are well behaved.
But, she couldn't find the lights.
He was going very slow and careful.
She turned the song off when her cousins came over.
She already has a car of her own.
Her subscribers asked her to set up a question-and-answer session.
He asked his queen to try each of them.
She accidentally ran out of paint.
He realized he did not have his wallet.
She took some medication and felt better.
When I said she could have it, she ran away.
She and her friends were going to sing for the talent show.
He really wants to make the same for his team.
He had it easy his entire life.
They are watercolor drawings that are only available online.
I decided to skip one meal per day.
His neighbor was a 92 year old man.
He ran to the train station, forgetting to call his office.
We decided to order pizza online.
She tied a string to the doorknob and jerked it out.
I eat a honey bun as a special, rare treat.
They decided to ask their parents for money.
Her brother had broken her vacuum cleaner.
She refused to stay the night.
She went looking for it and caught the mouse with her hands.
He decided not to go to the grocery store.
His boat had a dead engine before leaving dock.
When I got to the course, I was surprised to see it was empty.
They decided they didn't need to practice at all.
He took several small garbage cans and left them on the curb.
Sally called her mom and told her all about it.
Sandy told her mother about the bad dream.
They were strawberry her favorite.
Thankfully the screen on his phone was not shattered.
He purchased a subscription to Baseball Digest.
He works hard and long hours but he is successful and was able to retire.
We both loved to play the lottery.
He wanted to find one to settle down with.
I found out when she passed away.
They lost touch when Nicole moved away.
Chad found out they had broken up.
One of his favorites is Superman.
She accidentally dropped it.
He was stronger than his dad and was sure he would win.
It was in the trophy case that Ed never opened or touched.
He skipped the day of the event with his gift.
He walked to class but got lost.
He called in and got time off.
He wanted to go shopping for his present to himself.
He was relieved and went to a party with friends.
She was never invited to a costume party.
They plan to build a mansion to live in.
So he always went during happy hour when they were only one dollar.
Susan has a hearing problem.
The sun felt good on him.
He began reading forums online about train commuting.
The light stayed red.
He couldn't eat candy but donated it to other kids.
But she couldn't find her shoes.
A girl came up to Jason and asked him out on a date.
She got lost and ended up back in California.
He was wearing a jacket in the 100 degree weather.
I got a car from my dad.
The first time was in Paris on the Eiffel Tower.
Her cousin Ella also knew how to knit.
He saw an infomercial for workout equipment.
Sam wanted the doors replaced to open up the shower.
So he decided to hold his phone and keys.
She was upset she wasn't allowed to stay up late to see the whole movie.
However she got no call from her mom.
Thankfully, he had an extra one.
Yesterday, she decided to give herself a conditioning treatment.
The noise was too loud for him and he left the bar.
The parents told us her name as soon as they knew of the pregnancy.
A large bulldog was barking near his dog house.
It grew out perfectly full.
Because he didn't have time he rescheduled it for next week.
But he forgot to conduct an experiment.
The baby loved the water.
She asked her teacher if she can have her puppy.
He loves watching commercials.
She went inside,and saw her parents packing.
He doesn't want to go home so he stayed at the party.
The weather wasn't warming up for spring.
His dog was the best when he took obedience class last year.
His dog was blind.
Tiana doesn't care if she would not do well.
I quit smoking, cold turkey, after I realized I was spending almost $1500 a year on cigarettes.
The store didn't have any so she was disappointed.
Luckily, he had insurance on it.
The judged asked him to come back at a later date.
He felt he could quit after winning the lottery.
Everyone got into line for the buffet.
She was walking her bike up a hill.
He decided to do Yoga to relieve his headache.
The storm knocked out a window.
He had no  lobster meat than he could carry.
They used to sled all winter long but then some kids got hurt and they couldn't sled anymore.
After adding up all of the expenses it would cause, they were very pleased.
He decided to skip break and go back to work.
Frank refused to eat fast food.
He was enjoying the sounds of nature and the people around him.
Everyone sang and danced badly.
Annie said no and the two went their separate ways since then.
She threw in all her ingredients carelessly.
They decided they wanted to skip school.
She made the bread according to her grandmother's recipe.
His teacher told him he was doing fine.
He packed lots of warm things.
She delivered the baby before the due date.
She declined the offer.
They decided to have nachos.
Her boyfriend flirted with other girls in bikinis.
Thankfully, the needle didn't break.
When we were younger he would ignore me.
Gus had an accident with the gun and shot himself in the foot so he quit hunting after that.
She forgot to water the seed so it never sprouted.
The task required the ability to translate Latin.
He woke up in the morning feeling great.
We got towed back to the mechanics.
He ran and played like he usually does.
The government exerted much effort to fix this issue.
Then she got small pox and couldn't fly.
John had already accepted an offer from another coach.
She went to the library every day.
For some reason, they were always mean.
One day she decided to turn the tables on him and scared him half to death in the basement.
After a while, he realized he was right in front of his house.
It was not in really good shape and we threw it out.
It was due for one month.
She was being very careful.
She got the night off work so she could stay home to watch it.
She dropped a mirror, and luckily it didn't break.
His alarm woke him just in time every morning.
She thought dropping out was the best thing she had ever done.
It unfits me well and I got a lot of boredom out of it.
He was rich and didn't have to work.
She was so surprised because they had never practiced.
He couldn't find his favorite sled.
A day before the trip our families car broke and we were unable to go.
Layla decided to use the automatic dishwasher more often.
Her family couldn't throw her a party because she was grounded.
I decided to get my tools and check it out the problem.
She bought his favorite cookies at the bakery.
There was a small fish swimming towards the alligator.
John said it's about money.
She finally decided to fix it.
He made lots of beer, but it tasted really gross.
She walks the dogs in the woods.
She only made cupcakes.
They had so much snow that day, he went outside to try it out immediately.
He was just about to stay at home.
The attached note merely said they were from her husband.
When she got out, she looked for a plug port but couldn't find one.
My friend Chris would always follow me.
He found a lump of what looked like trash.
He was afraid of fireworks and never bought them.
She hated being one of the few women in the field.
But he was rude and always ignored me.
She went to the store but still didn't have enough for the phone.
The teacher patiently explained there would be no exam.
He never stretched or practiced and pulled his hamstring.
When they walked out the snow was melted already.
He loves superman and wanted a superhero themed party.
He still couldn't land a job for a long time.
I love the Motown sound and cried when I had to sell them.
Sue was smiling an usual amount lately.
Carl was asleep inside.
He was able to get it after verifying over the phone.
They were staying in Hastings and wanted to visit Buckingham Palace.
His kids decided to burn it.
The lawn mower would not start so we gave up.
He ran until he tore his ACL and could no longer compete.
Phil passed on very soon after.
She had horrible anxiety because the train was too crowded.
He was trained to sniff out people  for the military.
They decided not to do a sonogram.
Tina bought herself a car.
I decided to hold a cook out at the park and invited everyone.
Brady dug up that piece of coal.
She was very humble about it.
His whole family tried to love him.
Her dad was taking her next month.
Suddenly, she noticed her neighbor sitting outside.
She told the hairstylist to shave all of her hair.
Suddenly the electricity went off.
But, I could not workout.
I was invited to a party and I was excited.
In reality it was up in her room.
I couldn't find a single one.
He started screaming and the bear looked at him.
He decided to stop the bullies in their tracks.
In college he studied math and figured his mother was neurotic.
The secretary noticed that he forgot an important document as he walked down the stairs.
After school, the new friend went to Megan's house for dinner.
She wiped it down with a damp rag.
The two of them were happy to see each other afterwords.
He loved cooking ever since he quit drinking.
Sue decided to stay home with the family instead of staying in the dorm.
She only buys one kind and can only find small amounts.
Together, they pulled the cookies out of the oven.
All his friends told him to do it and it was a great idea.
His mom wanted to take pictures but she got no camera.
He recently found out that his family was part of the mafia.
He tried to find a harpsichord but no one sold them in town so he had to look for one online.
He was the first one hidden behind a tree.
Then one night, he was killed in a terrible car accident.
I used flour sugar, but messed up in the recipe.
He never played outdoor sports.
Mike was very excited that his sister was on his team.
He did everything but become part of a fishing crew.
I'd never seem one before.
He put some blender in an ice.
She walked down the street and fell down a manhole.
She decided to tell her friends.
I'm have wasted half my life playing games and now I've decided to wean myself from them.
Most people were very nice and she was able to pay her bills with her tips.
The kids hated me, though they were a bit quiet and shy.
They decided to try the rodeo instead.
I was too sick to go to the zoo.
So her teacher knew that was why she was always being helpful to the class.
She was afraid to try scuba diving.
The trader was making Bob a lot of money.
No one wanted to host a get-together so they all went to a restaurant instead.
When her turn came to audition, everyone loved her and she placed in the finals.
By the time he was eight he loved to share.
I heard an old KC and the Sunshine Band song recently.
Luckily he was already finished with it.
He wanted to plant some grass.
The pair bought everything online at Wayfair.
He decided to stay that way.
After shopping around at the mall for a few hours, he went home happy with the new shoes he bought.
He would only drink it on rare occasions.
He couldn't throw a single strike.
But after she finished, her sister said they were perfect.
I read about them in books but I rarely went outside so I have never been stung by a bee.
The Garcias ended up hiring professionals to fix the bathroom.
Her daughter was admitted in to the hospital for observation.
I cooked and used my own recipe.
After a week he quit.
She worried too much and refused to take medications.
The courses that she takes are very easy.
When he opened his front door, a large woman was standing there.
He took his scooter into the garage.
He noticed that you could get a free sundae on Christmas.
Chad was indifferent to taking his first picture today.
He was wanted in Canada so he was trying to leave but they realized it and arrested him.
There was no extra rooms at her house.
He put on his authentic disco pants and shirt for a night of dancing and went out.
He decided to start a business.
The leaf was larger than the ant so it was crushed.
He finally found his pet dog hiding under the house.
I looked under my cat to see if she was sitting on them.
She was drunk and worried about a DUI when suddenly a cop pulled her over.
She was sad so she got it fixed.
When he didn't get his way, he usually sat in silence.
There was no one golfing ahead of them so they took their time.
All of a sudden, her computer froze.
I wanted nothing to do with her.
His new home had space for his own home gym.
Her friend said steel cut oats were bitter, so she stuck to rolled.
She was having fun until the fell and twisted her ankle.
Someone was in her garage.
She enjoyed learning her own personal style.
His small plane had a bumpy landing.
She bet he couldn't eat veggies once in his meal daily.
Ms Moffett was the last to arrive.
But my friends weren't so happy, they told me my boyfriend was cheating.
He got fired last week.
He had been sleeping on the beach all morning.
One morning, his normal route has less traffic than usual.
As the chicken sizzled, he poured sauce in the pan.
He can almost do ninety nine sit ups.
She took her shoes off and played tennis.
He decided to only go to colleges where he would be unknown.
He started saving diligently and got out of debt.
Lately, his tuba was pronouncing the notes really well.
She was about to start my pelvic exam.
The letter stated they want to do an audit for 2018.
It was a peaceful ride from start to finish.
It was a beautiful piece of furniture that I used from the very first day and then gave it to my daughter.
She was forced to sew an outfit by hand.
She spent an afternoon planning out where to put the bulbs.
There was tons of mail there.
He had no idea what to do about it.
He told his boss he was trying to finish his work.
Even with his depression he would not contemplate suicide.
But she doesn't have the guts to join a baking competition.
They arrived at the airport after dinner.
It was the weekend and I decided sit in the backyard.
They were able to make things out after a week.
On the third week of school, his teacher told him an essay assignment was coming.
I had put a cat-safe bird feeder on a pole surrounded by our koi pond.
My dog lived in the backyard in a doghouse.
They always had a great time together.
He wanted to leave the gang after a year.
He went to the store to buy all the movies about time travel.
She thought of the perfect movie to watch in her head.
Lady decided to stay beside the chain.
It was fresh and delicious.
She married another ballerina since she preferred women.
She started playing near her friend.
The court we rent out was booked today.
She noticed there was no resumes submitted.
She fell asleep immediately.
The doctor left the room and told her she was healthy.
Al was ready for the competition.
He saw a sign saying that riding elephants harm their backs.
I had candles lit and watched cartoons.
John invited him to join them.
He wants to sell his gym.
The homeless cat slept under a garbage can.
But the park closed down 2 months ago.
John's character started to run and jump.
We watch it every chance we get but then they started showing the remakes and they were awful.
I was embarrassed because I thought oranges grew on bushes but I didn't like oranges anyway.
Anna hated kids so she never agreed to babysit them.
He needed to pay for his motorcycle.
There were no planners available to work with her.
He decided to stop paying the bill.
Luckily, the apartment was fully furnished.
I think it would be more fun to be a scientist, though.
He didn't want much but he was very specific about what he did want and she had a hard time finding them.
And they started to burn on the stove.
She woke up as the cake was done and ready to eat.
Jane wanted them to understand it was bad for them.
An hour later, her head still hurt.
He asked the tour guide to show him the Great Wall.
They all got very tired.
They created rules stating that you had to strip after each loss.
He made the team.
She decided to quit her job so she'd have more time to study.
She always signed up to babysit this many kids!.
He lost the tournament the next day due to lack of sleep.
One day Kevin found his favorite station on his car radio.
Oliver is a very friendly cat.
The teacher did not like to clean up the mess.
I bought a new iPhone, I had nothing but problems with it and they would give me a refund.
Billy and Timmy talked things out.
He can catch anything I throw to him.
He opened a smoothie bar featuring new hybrid chocolate and fruit flavors.
They went to a restaurant instead.
It had just started when I arrived home.
When I painted it and went to school, I was thrilled.
he was neat so it was a quick task.
He was looking for a job, but refused to cut it off.
He was promoted to manager and moved so he could live alone.
Mike and Ike were well prepared.
He bought her earrings.
But everyone refused to, because Emily is a brat.
He took it to the lost and found.
He spent the entire day sleeping.
He never picked it up and saved it.
She rang the Christmas bell a couple times then threw it away.
Kristen decided not to perform.
She lost all her copies of her presentation intended to be distributed.
Although it was hard for him to pay attention, he stayed for the whole class.
He never wanted to go to a seafood restaurant.
Clark was excited  of hearing Kevin talk about this girl.
He saw that there was a lot of bad apples on the tree.
Her new car is not working properly.
She had just hung some lights on the door.
He couldn't find a hotel.
I saw someone approaching the counter with a concealed weapon.
He used a family favorite recipe and made a great dish.
She invited her friend Lucy.
But there was a power shortage and all the lights went off.
He jumped out of bed and walked to the bathroom.
Bob went to purchase two sticks of RAM at the electronics shop, but they were sold out.
Tina decided to invite only her friends to the fall concert.
He decided to write lots of uplifting stories of helping people.
She decided to stop taking it.
I asked him how he was doing.
The only person she heard back from was her very best friend!.
She knew exactly what he was talking about.
She recovered quickly.
Marc shook Jerome's hand.
The kind lady drove Lucy to a Victorian orphanage.
He couldn't get his dad to help him practice.
She was responsible for theft prevention.
Then she went to a movie with her grandmother.
He was the worst player on the wrestling team.
He washed them right away without being asked.
She wanted to thoroughly clean and detail her house.
She had relaxed all summer.
In the middle of the night she woke up and left.
He went to the garage to get another shovel.
He couldn't convince me to go to a live show.
They are so delicious.
He never traveled anywhere.
He could speak numerous languages.
But it was very brittle and not cared for.
Dally was excited and rearing to go.
He put it in his coat pocket.
After several years i gave up on my dream.
She decided to take a taxi since it was so cold.
She haven't found any good article about it.
On the way, their car broke down and the trip was cancelled.
I was so upset and hated animals that age.
He bought a new car.
One day, Randy told Kara they were no longer friends.
She saw that the moon was blue.
They were both got injured.
She didn't have enough money since they were graduating.
Marty didn't care and didn't think he needed new shoes.
It's difficult getting the kids to learn to read.
She turned me down.
She burnt the meat and undercooked the soup.
My school were going up against the easiest team though.
He made everything but a frog.
At the restaurant he had iced tea.
He would eat them but couldn't be around them.
She had brought home the wrong book.
Their flight was delayed for five hours.
Ben got up and walked down the hill.
It was for the wrong game system.
He decided he would eat chicken.
He realized he drank a lot of water bottles.
He rang a bell and got out of bed.
I looked at the audience and fainted so I had to be carried off the stage.
She had made elaborate plans to keep them occupied indoors.
Suddenly, she ran into her mom.
They were shopping for tableware.
He wanted to show the music to his friend Janet.
He never went through speech therapy.
She had been really good on doing a triple turn.
It was my turn to clean it.
I bought a barrel cactus.
They presented him a drink in a coconut when he arrived.
They held his legs but he fought them off.
Libby told her nanny to stop walking to look at a store window.
He bagged groceries.
It was early in the morning and they weren't scared.
There were all kinds of trees carved in ice.
The food were served to them immediately.
and she saw her favorite brand of milk.
He hates playing outside.
I love sleeping outside when I'm camping and the weather was perfect.
After high school, he decided to join the Navy and did well there.
He knew he needed to refill his gas tank, but today there was no time.
She looked beautiful in her dress.
It was just enough to fill my empty pantry.
He knocked on one door and gave up when no one answered.
She walked off the stage.
But one day, his turtle died and Tom was devastated.
Unfortunately, she couldn't keep plants where she lived.
One day he had to go on a road trip with a baby.
He was told he couldn't chop wood anymore by his doctor.
Annie was watching television.
One day, the local lottery called saying he won.
Cody had good intentions and followed through on them.
He soon discovered he was out of cigarettes.
The song never played on the radio though.
He did not go to their field trip to the zoo.
So when she received the highest grade in class, she was happy.
Her mother had passed away.
He turned off the oven when the food was done and ate while watching television.
Clare decided she wouldn't be a part of it and unfriended her guilty family members.
I was moving out there to be with her.
She decided to take a pill that would make her vomit.
He did a lot of research and decided to buy one from Amazon who offered a free extended warranty.
But she was so graceful she barely needed any instruction.
Sadly, last year was the last time we had it before she passed.
His parents bought him a puppy to play with.
He liked it because Peyton Manning owned the restaurant but then he sold it and Ralph bought Dominos next time.
Along the way, a bear walked out in front of her car.
She already had ninety dollars.
It was short ans spiky.
Everyone knew she was just being dramatic.
I stayed in bed because something was wrong.
I looked through and noticed those files are new, and in use.
She decided to make eggs and bacon instead.
She had flown there many times in the past.
She needed to get a loan to help pay her bills while she was going to school.
The party was canceled suddenly.
Molly took bread from her pocket and threw it away.
She would never bring anything to the picnic.
He made a deal with neighbors to chop it down and they could have it for firewood.
While he was there, the sun was out and there was a lot of sunshine.
He bought a new hound dog to train for raccoon hunting.
She decided she was going to run to win regardless of what the class thought about it.
One day they filled a thirty gallon Rubbermaid trash can with silly string.
She didn't want to get clean for anyone.
Then, he came home saying he was going to play football instead.
She went to an adoption agency for newborn babies.
He had a clean suit ironed and ready to go.
It was broken and never turned on.
He produced a music video and also modeled in it.
She apologized and kept on walking.
He saw a neighbor looking at him.
He stopped to read the newspaper while walking.
Sara could not stand spring and wished for a longer winter.
He asked a stranger passing by to help him lift it.
There was nothing in front of them.
Sammy lives with a dog and his owners on a huge farm.
She teaches yoga but always want to improve.
Alex felt good and healthy.
One mom wanted to quit using the baby sitter.
On his first day, all of his new coworkers complimented his sneakers.
She discovered the London Eye was closed for that day.
They were disappointed the concert was sold out.
He decided to do nothing and to let everyone else worry about it.
It was at the Red Box kiosk.
He struck his neighbor's cat.
She loved her cousin but realized she really wasn't cut out for parenthood.
He tried a few Santa laughs and went out to meet kids.
She went to a garage sale and bought one.
Since Henry was a little kid, Jeff was always a concerned.
I gave my Aunt a ride and she was thrilled.
His friends wanted to rob a bank so Jerome went with them.
There was a ton of work.
The job was very well-paid at times.
His birthday was coming up and she asked him which game he wanted.
She started to get ready and was running very late.
She wanted to buy him one for his birthday on Halloween day.
He didn't train at all.
He gift wrapped the shoes and took them to his cousin's birthday party.
She knew a lot of people, even a boy who invited her to a frat party.
She was at the end of the lessons and was baptized the following day.
She was overwhelmed by a lot of companies calling her back.
I put on a coat.
She noticed a huge amount on savings.
It was her birthday, so everyone brought gifts.
Tim said he would always forgive bill.
The ball he kicked flew into his yard.
He had gone all his life knowing how.
She visited a local winery, but the wine tasting tickets were sold out.
I was staring at the ceiling.
I overslept and didn't hear my alarm.
He decided it would be a good idea to get tickets to a play.
The babysitter never showed up so Mary and her husband had to stay home.
He doesn't care because he has dentures.
When I was called back, they told me I was cavity free.
I had to mess around the house.
She holds unpopular beliefs but doesn't make donations to fund them.
Janice forgot to go see it.
She found her carpet was flawless.
His grandma did not sign him up for school at that age.
He quickly bought medicines from the drugstore.
She stopped and ordered fried chicken.
That morning, his mother found him in bed sick as a dog.
He decided to make cookies.
As a treat, our coach gave us some cookies.
They decided to go to a nearby resort.
He wanted to get married the first date.
She arrived at an ice cream shop and sat down to rest.
His parents were excited to take him, but Austin was afraid to go to school.
Once the spaghetti is raw he begins to drain the cold water.
He budgeted his time well between study and playing games.
All of the dogs were extremely misbehaved.
When Nell had to write in school, she wrote her dad's bedtime story.
Ants were filing into my house so I quickly called an exterminator.
She went to the local Target to sell new gloves.
It started to rain, so they all went to their tents.
So, he decided to visit his grandparents.
The idea that she was such a small speck in a huge world scared her from liking space anymore.
She got to see all the animals she wanted.
However, he was able to sleep without it.
He ran away before I could name him.
His wife hated his cooking.
And her friend, Tom, refused to ever try it.
He was always too tall to play basketball too.
One night they made a frozen pizza.
But she didn't have internet access.
She figured it would be easy because she actually likes it burnt.
The whole day went by without anyone saying anything.
His friends made him a cake.
She realized she had run out of foundation and blush.
He visited many dealerships and didn't want to call any private sellers.
The principal gave him detention.
She lived in Germany.
We were drinking our hearts out.
He went to a baseball game.
He kicked over his chair.
His dad scolded him and made him stop playing.
She wanted to find a local job.
I didn't think one needs college to become a chef.
But she already stopped going to her favorite fast food.
He loved dachshunds so he took it home.
She finished quickly since the snow had stopped.
We participated in the Fourth of July concert in the park.
He was really smart but not very good at programming and his next project failed.
She let him in the  backyard instead.
They broke up over a fight about what to watch.
It was supposed to start at 7 o'clock.
I decided to avoid Mexico City.
Once I realized how far it was, I decided I was too tired for it.
He scooped out all his yogurt.
But, she decided to wait until it's digitally released to watch it.
He was running late but got there in plenty of time to get checked in and have time for a beer.
They intrigued him.
The payments on the yacht ate  a little into his losing.
Suddenly, the door opened and the dentist walked out.
My friends and family thought I was normal!.
After spending two semesters abroad, she moved there permanently.
The weather forecaster said sunny day would be developing that day.
The director decided on which dog he wanted for the commercial.
They were stretchy enough to skate in, and they looked good.
He grew out of it before he was a teenager.
He spent hours organizing them so they'd be out of sight.
My friend came over and turned off the saw so I could hear him.
He decided to do his girlfriend's as well, following her written instructions.
He felt like he needed a nap.
We lived in a skyscraper.
He found no other signs that day .
I had to pick it up at a nearby church.
Nothing was going right, so she decided not to eat anything.
Most think that the reason is because Rob stole his girlfriends Lila.
I took my son to a self serve all you can eat buffet.
We decided to go to swimming.
Henry challenged Jeff to a basketball spinning contest.
One evening, last August, he saw a bat flying around outside.
But it settled comfortably into her stomach.
He hated flying it so close to the tree.
She went outside and was disappointed to see no snow.
When I was around her, she acted normal.
He made a call to his friend to borrow one.
But he still didn't want to take vitamins or eat healthy.
The went at night.
She was afraid to dance and stayed seated.
They thought they'd give it to their son to travel the American Southwest.
He went out on the lake in his boat but forgot his pole.
He does not study because he is confident.
She wanted a large SUV.
One day, he told me he wanted me to meet his dad.
He had quickly lost the sniffles from self-care.
He had a garden, but all the plants died.
The got squished flat black and red.
Today, my boyfriend slept in all day.
He almost dropped one, but caught it.
Since it had just been extinguished, the candle was like new.
One day school was resumed because of snow.
Eventually, he started to throw smaller pillows.
He wanted to prank her when she was awake.
There are a few people at Chris's job who are vision impaired.
She took scissors and cut it.
She decided to keep the shirt.
He made varsity his freshman year.
He noticed that he was scheduled to go in earlier.
But Becky was too shy for trying out for her school's football team.
Tom's friend told him they were nice.
He worked hard to finish it all.
We got in the car and drove away as fast as we could.
He could not see so he started panicking and decided to make an emergency landing.
He was very scared when he saw people riding on unicycles.
We hid eggs with no prizes.
He'd never been bit before.
She wasn't breastfeeding her baby.
She knew so much that she should have taught it herself.
However, he never subscribed to any channels.
He went to the bathroom to investigate.
However, Jordan was very stupid and lazy in school.
On the path, she saw a mountain lion.
The pizza never arrived.
She had been buying clothes for months and didn't need any.
He saw a tired man come in and buy gas.
She didn't know what she wanted to buy before she left.
She just found a good job.
I noticed some cookware that I liked.
She didn't like the hamster so we returned it.
She took the bus to work.
She went to see a faith healer for help.
She was carrying her phone and a cup of tea.
We hired an exterminator and never saw any mice again.
She refused to get in the pool the whole time.
She lost some weight while she was sick and decided to keep it off healthily.
He has been ignoring online for weeks.
He has been going golfing with his friends and they join the intervention.
She decided to only buy one with lots of storage space.
She took too big of a jump one morning and broke her ankle.
It was beautiful there all weekend.
One day a poor man from nearby came.
Then one day he fell madly in love with a girl.
Luckily, he saw fifty bucks from his pocket.
His roommate loved the rocks and adored them.
He didn't see anyone he knew there.
Her friend, Carol, didn't invite Cindy to her house warming party.
One day, I saw a big wall.
He joined an online dating service.
She would always order a different flavor every time.
The truthful answer he told them was there was no security at all.
While performing my daily patrol, I found and disabled an IED before it exploded.
First he taught Fox how to be patient.
One day Olga's pet bird lived and she was very happy.
She is picking up her boyfriend from a meeting with the labels boss.
He always ran the latest antivirus software and was careful about what he downloaded.
The loser would have to treat the winner a gallon of ice cream.
She worked overtime at her job.
He avoided the branches because they were fragile.
When she got to the theater she found out that her ticket was fake.
He loved making the movie so he decided to enroll in classes to learn more.
He couldn't find any of his tax documents and began to panic.
I was bored and didnt want to go.
Tim decided to sleep to loosen up more.
She couldn't decide if she liked him.
Sunday morning, they both slept in until noon.
When a friend got divorced, Jenny wrapped the set as her gift.
But there was no local gym available on their area.
I had a flight for six in the morning and it left right on time.
He cooked only by taste.
She decided she would order lunch in to save time.
She released ladybugs in the garden for an earth-friendly way to control aphids.
Lola told her relatives they couldn't come.
He hated to study the stars.
She went our and had her first legal drink, then had too many and got sick.
He had taken a compliment from Gina and would not give one back.
She couldn't find any cooking classes at her local community college.
Allison would put the snack trash in the garbage can always.
His favorite cat to play with was named George.
She brought pizza.
Worried about him, we put him on a special diet and his weight normalized.
One day, he put a treat in the hamster's cage.
The liquor store was closed that early in the day so Raymond went home empty handed.
He warned us about coming across, it was scary.
Bill said he had time to fix Jack's phone.
He stand up while he watched the dog sleep in the yard.
Allison never went to school and was excited to stay at home.
Jim brought water bottles himself expecting Bob to forget his.
One day Carlos and his friend decided not to go to their usual dance club.
He went home and set out every one of the ingredients.
The waves carried me to the shore.
Until he got in a huge accident.
She checked her cupboards, and found some.
He took her home to avoid a scene.
He saw many different kinds of beer.
She went to the doctor and he removed the spot.
She decided to get it pierced at the mall.
It was really easy work until he ran after a thief who punched him in the nose.
She called her friends, and they asked her to come right over.
He suffered in excitement throughout their public education careers.
One night he saw part of his house on fire.
She decided not to make any movie.
I am not fond of circuses.
She asked her daughter to pay for corrective surgery.
They were still a lot of the new bag available on the market.
But she had never participated in a competition.
Since it was so far, he was given a work from home job.
They wrote the answers on their bare arms and legs.
The package never arrived.
He decided to ask his mom for candy.
She preferred to play baseball instead.
So he threw away all his food.
Her friend Margaret is too.
It said it was from his mother.
Jill never found this out anyway, and hers eventually died of old age.
I threw it in the garbage.
As a child Lee loved being a twin.
It was vicious and ran off.
He saw a lot of garbage in the boat.
His friend recommends he try playing basketball.
He decides to get a book about birds to see what kind of birds they are.
Her dog was too short to even reach the window.
He went to the drugstore to buy some medicines.
Lucy was telling him how excited she is when having road trips.
He went outside and started swimming with some friends.
He was two frames in and missed each pin.
He moved his pawn forward one space.
She bought a home kit and her mom helped her apply the highlights.
He got worse and had to be hospitalized.
She checked her notes and was able to solve the problem.
He was able to escape quickly.
She tried different lotions and found the perfect one immediately.
She spent all day throwing away everything she didn't need.
She never has anyone to play with.
The tree landed on us and we were rushed to the hospital.
His date ordered a beer.
Just always she had to wade through waters to get back home.
The big yellow truck did not come to pick up our boxes.
He traded his bus for a better one.
He stayed for a while in Madrid then flew home.
He missed the gas station.
Why shouldn't he be allowed to play in nature for 10 hours straight?
The mom asked Jamie to help make Christmas cookies for her kids.
She decided to quit her job after the Christmas party.
The band decided to go home for the rest of the day.
He read books.
They decided to go for a horse ride.
It was in perfect condition.
All he left me was a box containing dirt.
He encountered zero cars on the highway.
She refused to practice.
The goldfish in the aquarium looked happy.
Especially pies with vegetables.
His editor said it was due tomorrow.
One day he lost a huge frog in the woods near his home.
She would never spend them so she could save them.
The turtle has a name.
They got scared and ran off before going in.
I bought each of them a hat.
She was chosen to play doubles and tied with her opponents.
She asked her daughter to take a closer look.
His parents told him he couldn't have lessons.
She was busy decorating the party.
She ordered a drink.
Her aunt was supposed to babysit her.
Unfortunately, he has no food.
He didn't drink on Saturdays.
He became sick and died.
He took off his uniform and sneaked away with it.
Parth read with his American accent.
She decided to outsource fixing her problems to a freelancer.
He then realized it was empty.
He told his parents he needed money to play more.
He had received all different presents.
While walking back, he dropped his ice cream in the sand.
She kept it on her kitchen counter.
Doug divorced Robin because she had a abortion.
His dream in life was to become a mechanic.
Her best friend stole 100 bucks from her.
Mark and Ricky accepted his apology.
But, she never yelled at him for not doing things that needed to be done.
John felt the huge roller coaster moving quickly but smoothly.
One day, his father moved to the USA.
The girls destroyed a small stand in the backyard for customers.
His family took him to church.
When a superstar offered to buy her a drink she declined.
The sandwich was amazing.
I see different places all the time.
He bet Tom he could play darts better than him.
He had so many things he wanted to do and so he made a list and began checking it off.
His mother took him to the dentist.
My friend said he would do it.
The loser couldn't cut their hair.
But her mom had already returned it.
Tom was expecting to the old experience.
She didn't have time to mess with it so she put on her favorite wig and headed out the door.
I liked pizza even more.
She decided she would try speed dating.
An anomaly was discovered, but it turned out to be benign.
I had a huge crush on this boy.
He was incredibly busy with studying.
So she sat down to meditate.
Kim filled in Amy about the volleyball game.
She opened the pack and enjoyed it while watching TV.
He was working alone.
She decided to start big.
I looked online at a number of websites, but none of the cars I liked were local.
Jim worked quickly and went back inside.
The chair broke and she fell but was okay.
He decided not to go get mail today.
Sandy put no effort into making the kite.
She gave Megan no money and told her to buy some more too short shorts.
One day we were drawing a picture of the ocean.
His mom purchased the bike fully assembled.
His song loved doing the dishes, and did them every night.
Things were very slow.
She stood him up.
I couldn't drive to the gas station.
He already had his visa.
She refused to go to school because of the new rule.
The new neighbors loved animals and adopted some of Mary's cats.
We talked for nearly a year and never got around to meeting.
She always liked being on the beach more than being in the water.
She wanted to keep them but never had the time.
His sister, Anne, had fixed his old wagon.
Nancy remembered to wear her gym shorts and stood in the front.
Her teen son just sat and talked on his cellphone the whole day.
She forgot to turn on the oven and it didn't get cooked in time for dinner.
The caller was trying to sell something.
We drive west into the Rockies.
One perk was that the kids loved to take care of the dogs.
She planned to wear her mother's wedding dress.
He was sitting in the woods when a kitten came up to him.
The city demolished the building to make room for a new parking garage.
I have to quit because of doctors orders.
Rick never noticed the rooster.
To get back at him for a joke, she bought him a paint set.
It was the week to learn tennis.
Dave plays the violin for the band.
She drove to the nearest mechanic.
His pants fits him very well.
She liked dark chocolate only.
His friends and family did so too.
He ignored some kids at school whispering about their dads' salaries.
He didn't care that much about winning.
The candy store was closed for renovation.
He loved to sing all day long.
We had all forgotten our snacks.
He feel asleep and the water boiled away.
He did not have the cups to put the muffins in and wasn't able to make them.
She decided to buy some at the store.
Westin wanted to move back to the city immediately.
He aunt told her she wasn't allowed to have mashed potatoes anymore.
She refused to go no matter how much her teeth hurt.
She threw the empty bottle of oil into the trash.
Her friends always teased her about it and she didn't care, she would always love the books and movie.
Her parents didn't have enough money to buy flowered leis and inflatable palm trees.
On his way home one night from work he was hit by bicycle.
The were sad because they forgot to buy marshmallows at the store.
She grabbed the bag of chips and opened them.
Jim was too lazy to practice or train.
There were no spots anywhere in the lot.
Someone had given all of the kids flashlights.
While there she wanted to try a famous burger.
But security let him in.
As she walked into the class she remembered everything she had studied.
He closed his eyes for a moment to sneeze.
He started business school.
One day her apartment for warmer and warmer.
I knew exactly what had caused it.
She asked her mother to come with her.
He had dropped his favorite battery-operated toy in water.
She loved her new sister and took care of him.
Suddenly a police officer appeared and demanded the phone.
He already saved the cash for a down payment.
Her doctors told her she shouldn't remove her tonsils yet.
Luckily I had gifts for everyone already.
Jane was startled and punched Ben in the nose and he ran away crying.
She liked being a loner and did things alone.
She want to learn how to ride all by herself.
But her son got sick so she needed to use the money for buying medicines.
Kate assumed she could not lose but when she saw the other contestants, she dropped out rather than lose.
He decided not to shave his beard or do anything drastic.
I was proud because I'm a man.
Until she was kissed by a boy in the snow.
Their own snores woke them up.
He had trained but still didn't feel that he was ready to battle.
Nik was crazy.
He couldn't find one he liked.
They sounded like kids bouncing a ball outside.
He cleans floors at a music store.
Cora thought cleaning was exciting.
He dedicates no of time to his hobby.
The Spanish language class was fully booked so she has to wait for the class next month.
She least played on her iPad whenever her parents let her.
So they buy a solar powered home.
Beth read a lot of books at home.
She didn't get sent to a psych ward.
The weather was amazing with no issues.
I was neglecting my plan perfectly.
She had seen one like this before, though.
She was very disappointed to have gotten one.
Sal had eaten any other food for Years.
The baby's mother was so tired, she laid down next to him and they both slept.
He made some mild chili with lots of green peppers to share with his friends.
I fell asleep while reading and woke up at 3am still clutching my book.
She was concerned he would be excited it took so long.
He took me camping.
She decided to begin writing a travel book.
His boss makes him stay in meetings all day.
My car brakes started to squeak.
She kept to herself and did not make friends.
It never shed or got hair anywhere.
The show she hated was soon to be over.
He decided to buy a wig.
Everyday Sara littered on the street.
He could not save enough money for the trip.
She got cold feet and ran off.
He decided to pursue his career on playing drums.
Kristin spends hours making his favorite meal.
The mother of the groom, Annie, also sell a yellow dress.
She trekked across flat palines as far as the eye could see.
Wayne dawdled because he wanted to skip school today.
She was allergic to cats so she offered it to her friend.
Kelly hopes to find a job and meet a wonderful woman.
He began the speech and got nervous and ran off the stage.
The township sent a snowplow down her street.
He didn't want to visit the doctor though.
He then realized he had all the ingredients.
She texted her mom to say she broke it.
One day Ken called Bella and said she was pregnant.
Her brother offered her some help.
He said it was easy to wake me up and I was normal.
She was laid down and fell right asleep.
She hung up the phone on her mom.
The door was wide open.
He twisted an ankle while training and had to drop out.
He didn't think he was going to get away with it so he took it back.
They have not posted them to the company's website.
He knew all geography just as well.
He is fortunate to have a hammer at home.
The friend challenged Chance to a game of chess.
He took it home and carved the best face ever in it.
I forgot  to set it off in math class.
She was asked to take a backstage role.
And he noticed that his wallet was missing.
We went to a crowded bar and danced, then paid our tabs and went home.
The music had christian lyrics.
But a huge tragedy happened at the mountain that caused them to hate the place.
The exterminator did not come to see her house.
She left after reminding me I could go home now.
But he don't have enough money to purchase one.
My brother told me to not get a cream and sugar.
His hands were so calloused from hanging on them, he stayed home for two weeks.
The Smiths declined the invintation and didn't drive to the farm.
She didn't tell her mom.
They planned their wedding and moved into the perfect two-bedroom house.
He could not sense prey as he was sick.
The principal asked whether Scott drew flowers on the door.
Bob grabbed a baseball bat and went to answer the door but no one was there.
She was finally tall enough to ride the Ferris Wheel.
So he was relaxed inside his friend Jill's house.
One day, their family decided to move out.
During band practice he and his band mates drink wine.
But her mother had already ordered Chinese takeout.
Biff was really a coward and when he picked on one guy, the guy's girlfriend knocked the crap out of him with karate.
Instead of sulking, Ed began to look for another job.
He didn't have a date and neither did his friend so they both went stag.
Every day he would play with Greg, his only friend.
During a run down a mountain, he hit some rough snow but recovered safely.
He noticed that he danced better than most people here.
She decided to go to a wildlife refuge to see them while they were free to roam.
He was bored by the players' mediocre technique and power.
He made lots of tips.
He let his sister name it.
Boy was actually a girl.
I couldn't believe I was really in the stands until I saw my name on the Jumbotron and the whole place said Happy Birthday!.
One day, Rob's brother announced that he recently lost his job.
She never payed anything.
He got called back right after submitting applications.
He decided to plant flowers.
She took a class at nights to put on her college applications.
A stray dog ignored him.
He put them on and wore them happily all day.
She waited and waited, and finally he brought it.
He didn't like the senior center and stayed outside on his phone the whole time.
My father gave him directions to the bus stop.
She did not own a computer and did not have internet.
Sitting next to me was a frail old woman.
No matter what, Tom wanted to buy an ice cream store.
They were all very good.
Buses were not running today.
There were no modeling agents in town.
One day it was snowing but Linda decided to stay inside where it is warm.
He tried to make extra money babysitting but it was difficult.
He liked the pork dog food a lot.
We dried them out and threw them away.
They never met any local that play a strange sport with a ball.
She was shy and refused.
His sister doesn't want him to do babysitting.
Our family and friends told us it was going to rain.
But his boyfriend Carl was still a student.
He always thought that bee stings were a big deal.
He refused to call in sick.
She decided not to visit colleges with her parents.
And he made sure to wash his plate and put it away after he finished.
She lost her favorite beach ball.
The girls tasted lemon tea and ate tiny desserts before heading home.
She did not like that the patio became too tight.
Her teacher announced they would be working in groups today.
Joy got a bucket of soapy water but decided it was a lost cause.
Some people were excited about their publicity.
His friend gave it to him before he got the chance.
He always had terrible reviews.
He was excited to go on his first scuba diving trip.
She didn't have enough money to buy one.
She was sick and ashamed to be around people.
After a few years, Thomas decided to quit.
When suddenly, her car broke down.
After their ceremony, they left on a backpacking trip.
A new book was coming in the next few moments and she wanted it.
Upon inspection, she noticed the pharmacist gave her the right pills.
She learns of a local group that sells basketballs on weekends.
Suddenly, she went into labor.
Her friends all hated the watch.
One time she sent her flowers.
They stopped the trip early due to emergencies.
The rivers flow steadily.
On Christmas morning there was only an envelope left to open.
She didn't have any eggs in the fridge.
Amy played alone outside.
He saved up for it for just a week.
She started taking ski lessons to see if she would like that sport.
I grabbed it up before this boy could stomp on it.
He caught nothing and went home.
He thinks every dog except small ones will bite him.
I didn't want a big party, so I had a quiet celebration at home.
He sit down on the road and held a pizza box over his head.
She never went to dealerships.
But her friends weren't able to join her.
The cops came and took the man away and the man stopped begging.
He made a lot of noise so the bear ran away and the man had to pick up all the trash.
I was too afraid to seize the opportunity.
Bill was bored by this.
He tried one last time and it started.
She decided to start going for walks in her local park.
He was brushing his teeth and reached for his toothpaste.
At night, her father failed to light the campfire.
She ordered pizza.
But Debbie realized she was just overthinking when his husband surprised her for their anniversary.
Jerry was very energetic.
Mike was looking forward to the hike beforehand.
The expert witness was not expensive.
Kylie was attempting to pass a note to Andrea.
One day, while playing a game, Bill got tired and went home.
One day he decided to start water skiing instead.
All the janitors met in the gymnasium.
He lay on the back lawn and feel asleep until morning.
They finally found her in the closet.
He decided to get weight loss surgery.
He had a sweet personality.
He was late the other day.
She entered a flute competition and won.
He has always been paralyzed from the waist up.
They really want a little boy and they found out today that they are indeed having a boy.
His mother told him he could get one.
She got tired of being a backup and decided to leave and strike out on her own.
She destroyed a mini course in her backyard to practice.
We flew over and stayed in Dallas.
I tried to partner with an Indian reservation but no one was interested in the idea.
A deer ran into the road in front of him and he couldn't stop in time.
He took his son on a fishing trip.
He loved baseball and focused intently.
Since I was afraid of lizards, I sold the iguana.
Sheignored something walking.
He could go back and forth really fast.
Every year we head to our synagogue to spend time afterwards with friends.
It was nowhere near enough to paid what we owed on it.
They always fight with each other.
Mrs. June had a lot of cats and she yelled at the kids so Sam stayed away from her as much as he could.
He even wrote to his Grandmother asking for a horse for his birthday.
My girl is the best, she works in healthcare to help people with mental illness.
He was terrified of them.
She told her parents right away about the test.
His friend doesn't want to give him a tuna fish.
Kim was found guilty of the crime.
She drank the juice and ate the cookies they gave her.
Courtney her friend, got a new pink bicycle.
His mother was making him breakfast.
He volunteered at the local zoo in the Philadelphia Centennial District.
She only found kittens that were aggressive to her.
I used to have no balls.
She forbade her friends from going with her.
His gas mileage was still good so he kept driving.
She was too shy to talk to him.
He was cussing because he didn't feel he should have to do maintenance stuff and some of his congregation heard him.
She lost her credit union card and had to go online to get another.
His computer crashed and he couldn't pull it up.
One of the friends slipped down a cavern and they had to call for a rescue and go home.
All the paintings are labeled with the name and a photo of the artist.
He studied very hard.
They never got to go to any games.
My daughter wanted a halloween theme.
They had a stuffed bear named Ben.
It was hot and sweaty in mid-December.
She was happy to see there was not a line.
He was intent on getting an iPhone so he borrowed money from his mom to buy it.
She decided to bring her own lunch.
He could do it repeatedly with ease.
One night, I woke up and looked for my scorpion.
he calls her husband to let him know but he is in a meeting and cannot be disturbed.
I was not able to go to the venue to buy a ticket.
He worked hard and went to bed once he finished.
He went to the mall but could not find anything he liked.
She did not washed it.
His train arrived in Turkey.
Tracy transmitted herpes when she slept with Mr Washington.
He had finally finished building the car.
he had plenty of room left over.
He had to do something so he decided to exercise and broke his arm.
He saw dozens of empty stands but no fresh fruit and vegetables.
At one point they went swimming.
He decided to go to his hotel room to sleep.
They were as excited as I was.
I searched and found her on the next day.
He told me I was his best friend.
They always had the same set of cars.
I grabbed my gun and waited to hear something else and when I did, I saw what looked like Dracula but it was just the curtains.
His neighbors were being very quiet.
He saw an alligator swim nearby.
They did not drink any of the mimosas offered.
She spent the night and her daughter picked her up the next morning.
He decided to eat it at the dinner table.
She'd left her phone in the bedroom.
He hated the chemical smell of some cleaning products.
She did not eat because her favorite meal was not available.
While watching the movie, I felt something on my neck.
The cat died.
She ended up rising on the shallow end.
She was able to afford the skirt she wanted.
She paid him to do chores around the house and he saved to buy the video game.
I'm nosy so I like to see what kind of mail people get.
She cancelled an appointment with Ashley who cuts her hair.
He found a job immediately.
Lindsey wanted to attend this year and had the perfect dress.
She had no more plants.
She was sad.
She wanted to sell them.
She slept on her train ride there.
Jerry reached the store and found that the Dairy Queen had gone out of business.
Dina's mom noticed the cash was missing and asked Dina about it.
Don wouldn't let Santa work the next night.
The man inside hid and ignored the knock.
I got tired of waiting and bought one at the store.
His kids came running outside and immediately put the pile into trash bags.
She felt extremely cold.
But as I got to the store, I realized I don't have enough money to purchase a new one.
I finished up and dropped the letter in the mail.
He was blind.
Charles is very tired of his work week, and wants to stay in.
Negra went to eat from his food bowl.
She hired a guide to accompany her.
Despite loving winter, he absolutely hated snow and avoided it entirely.
He carefully took a sip and then looked at the clock to see he didn't have time to drink any more juice.
Even though it's all open water, the Lake never has strange weather.
The ice cream shop had three types of strawberry ice cream.
He decided to buy some snacks for the trip.
It was so messy he couldn't get it done.
She wasn't able to meet him.
His friends picked him up early.
They just missed the annual Christmas parade.
We were there when Nancy appeared.
He wanted a way to learn piano.
His father talked him out of joining, he went back to college instead.
Terri's husband did not like dogs..
Then her mom suggested that Cassie's bra might be the right size.
She was never talked to about making movies out of them.
He was unable to improve his average.
One day he decided to call the cops.
When it started raining, he put the window back down.
When she was twenty-five she bought herself a book on speaking Greek.
She dropped out of school because she didn't know how to study.
Milly was so scared to ride a tractor.
He was so proud of the fort and his jealous brother kicked the fort down out of meanness.
The family decided to go to the beach instead.
Finally someone moved in.
I didn't tell them I hate kites and would never fly one.
Sarah was an expert at how to use chopsticks.
So he packed up his house and left.
He decided to start his own business instead.
She said no hot rocks.
She don't have any money to buy her a present.
Suddenly, the canopy burst open and a sweet little dog peered out.
She had just moved to a new town and everyone knows her.
She had to move houses.
He loved his name.
The next morning she comes home and apologizes.
She saw a perfect pumpkin right away.
He never played his friends.
After practicing many times, he gave commands and they worked perfectly.
She noticed a cat in her driveway.
He wouldn't hike in just any condition though.
She got a part-time job and now she's caught up and is trying to get ahead.
He thought he was still better than everyone else but he was beaten badly during the game and missed a scholarship opportunity.
I decided to clean the table.
I really dislike Black Friday because the meanest people shop then and this year was no different - the women were fighting.
During a flight he tried not to look at it.
He got a healthy stomachache.
She was digging below the seats and couldn't find anything.
It wasn't as good as they expected but they ended up getting her meal for free.
She had never had a pet before because she was very allergic.
He set everything up himself in secret.
He deserved something special when he came back from Afghanistan.
When I realized it I went back and found it.
She invited all her friends over instead of his friends, though.
He said that, he wish to live with Jen forever.
They charged her for free to rebuild her engine.
He took the dog to the vet first to make sure it was healthy and left him there overnight.
He found them in a glade, but they ran off too quickly.
He decided to go the library.
She succeeded at quitting on her own.
He trembled in the closet of the empty room as they searched for him.
Tod was respectful and didn't use it without permission.
Today there was not going to be a rush.
Every time a new one came out he was in the last line.
It was sunny and very warm.
Fluffy always ran and hid from roomba.
He was excited to go.
He went through the drive-thru.
She looked exactly as I remember.
Gina couldn't talk to him because she lost her phone.
Jack lucked out and finally won a trip to the prize box.
He noticed his classmates were dressed worse than himself.
I fell ill and was quarantined in my cabin the whole time.
He then saw a kid walking with his mother.
She got sea sick and stayed in bed.
He asked if he could hire a reporter for the afternoon.
He told the store clerk that he wanted a faux-fur black coat.
She spent all her years at her Aunt's house.
He had such a nice time he decided to turn around and stay for a few more days.
She only smokes when she's in her car.
She cut down on her eating, and had a lot of success.
But he was worried about not being able to sell his house.
Charles was no because he was only four years old.
He noticed a couple making love outside of their apartment.
A Child Protective Services investigator took the children to her office for safety purposes.
Richard wasn't losing weight and began feeling very tired.
When a kid suddenly tripped over his tray.
He let his sister ride on his bike while her bike was being repaired.
He gathered his friends to help at a senior center.
Little did I know that she disliked Gnocchi.
The blocks had to be scattered very specifically in a bag.
He had unlimited miles to drive.
She was ready to dismiss the students from class.
She never got stomach aches.
Kelly was sick and decided she couldn't go.
Unfortunately, the fire truck wouldn't start.
He's good, and the other kids had already picked him for their teams.
She refused to give the kids money.
I didn't get the chance to visit him.
But it was time for him to walk home.
His partner Larry grew upset about it and decided to get a divorce and take the baby.
She didn't want to adopt from a shelter.
Jay called Gina and his family and told where he was.
Her mom had died.
Leaves flew around above her head.
We came across a lake but there was no water as well as plant in that lake.
When she walked through the park, she was greeted by a young coyote.
I decided to play bingo all night.
Her crush hated karaoke, too.
In the morning, he was active and ready.
Dan actually thought he was buying a zucchini and his sister laughed at him when he gave it to her.
I was not shy and I like talking to people.
He felt like that was the worst fruit on the tree.
After just 1 hour of practice, she scored 10 goals.
He lived as a homeless man in the Bronx.
She quickly found out that the power sockets were full.
Just meet a nice guy and he invited me to his apartment.
One day, he drew a face on one finger.
Dora dream was to not be home schooled.
He had invited his neighbors to come see him.
He used an air compressor to fill them all quickly.
As he stripped to shower, he was kind of embarrassed of his genitals.
He told the other people on the street that he ruled it.
His trusty lighter worked.
She only has junk food left in the cupboard.
A child broke his leg.
Mark decided to introduce himself to the guy and he was rude and stuck-up like he thought.
Her whole family was full of whiners, so she didn't know any better.
They didn't enjoy each others company.
Even though her family hated that kind.
Dean only owned one console.
She never had to take a lesson.
While he was reviewing the homework, I got sick and had to go home.
Cindy did her essay on dogs.
She didn't open it because it didn't have a tag.
He meticulously pre-folded the paper but accidentally tore it.
He worked all day, and took a nap when he was done.
There was only one fish he wanted in his tank.
Benji called the fire department who responded and quenched the fire immediately.
Jim ended up moving schools and not being bullied again.
They ran into each other at their high school reunion and decided they didn't like each other.
She lives across the country and doesn't want to meet me.
After realise that the coffee package was empty, he decided to go to a coffee shop.
Jerry and Kane wasn't able to lift even one weight.
she decided to remove them herself.
grandma told every one to have cool drinks.
I am bored by sports, even ones where horses run.
I don't like flying so I try to sleep but I couldn't.
He wasn't pleased about it so he wasn't excited to start using it.
They decided to adopt a boy.
Dan was a Nazi.
So Tim took 20 pills and died.
She took away his Playstation for a month.
His coffee machine had broken.
He had nothing left of value other than a classic car.
Lucy was sick though and not allowed to eat it.
I managed to cover the bag with a plastic.
He made time to take his problem to a computer doctor.
Toms exams was coming up and he was excited.
Her mom found it and returned the candy to the shelf.
Sam decided to become a politician and thus worked only for himself.
I was on the team but didn't play.
One day a homeless woman walked into her store.
Cezar was not liked by the community because he was a bad dog.
She wanted to show it off at her boyfriend's soccer game.
Gina and her family walked over but left quickly.
When I went to the beach, I saw my chance to try it.
he thought it is very interesting to play it backwards.
He was looking into his phone and waiting for some important call.
So she preferred get food from restaurants daily.
A veteran of school plays, Sarah didn't need to try out.
She headed over to the rink and sat watching for hours.
It was too cold at the camp site so they got in the car and drove back home.
They rented some diving fins.
He was so depressed that he commited suicide.
Her dad bought her one.
Rick had to feed his cat treats in order to silence her.
Delighted, he rolled and laughed as the rabbit hopped energetically around him.
Her enemies are at their DEsk.
He wanted a dog but knew he couldn't take care of one.
She broke her phone screen and needed help.
In a hurry she shut the door and forgot to pick keyring that was on the table.
She uploaded videos of herself singing to the internet in hopes of becoming a star.
It goes missing, but she finds it under her bed.
She bought flowers but they all died within a few days.
his old slippers are torn.
She took balm.
He decided to move to Denver.
Her father said that she would help her learn.
The tumor was unoperable.
When the rebels began to take over, her family fled to India.
He decided to go into weight lifting.
He decided to hire a personal tennis coach.
Jill want give a gift for  her mother.
He came up to deposit money.
It was too hot for ice cream, so he got a funnel cake.
They were all scared and quickly ran away.
He noticed that his friend Jim was even less popular with the girls.
I was able to go because it was in town.
He woke up to a perfectly clear day.
Lou decided to spend the money on drugs.
He bought one online.
The whole family climbed in the car to drive to the store to buy a fake one in a box.
She hoped that they were serving her favorite, chicken nuggets.
Gina slept the whole car ride back.
She was already outside the restroom.
He wasn't able to fix one woman's computer, though.
I bought a ticket and boarded a plane.
She paid on time, but didn't earn enough to keep up.
He walked away and was accosted by a showdy individual.
He spent all day online talking to bots without realizing it.
He would have to get creative because he had no money.
His wife and son set the table with buns and fixings.
She bought one from her neighbor who baked at home.
Martha made a great turkey and the holiday went perfectly.
Bob was floored when she let out the secret that she was dating his brother.
Because she lived in Australia, they were easy to acquire.
Kay did not feel ready for the test and decided not to go.
that plow man used to clear the snow in the drive area.
Buddy was very healthy.
Her obstetrician told her that she should snap out of it.
He went in to sell a few candy bars.
He didn't want to grind the biggest rail there.
Bill recognized it right away because he had the same one.
Julie watched as the dog took its last breath.
She hired a kid to do it.
For some off reason he decided he wanted to paint the ceilings the same color at the walls.
He didn't see that it had red stains on it.
I made sure to always have a partner with me when using it.
He saw that the ocean was too calm to surf today.
The dog didn't want to take a bath and ran all over the house.
Amy had a long, healthy, and successful career as a gymnast.
he had a house along with a job and a child.
I didn't want to change my clothes.
He wanted to go blue.
He stayed at a fancy resort.
Ramona hated horse racing and never went back.
He was still not able to save any money for the vacation and kept spending it at the club.
But she was allergic to bananas.
Unfortunately, there had been so much rain, all the wood was waterlogged and he didn't get any.
The warden turned her away that day because his unit was on lock-down.
Elizabeth was grabbed by the neck by the intruder.
He asked for a diferent present this year and not again work boots.
She got sick and had to run to the restroom.
He tried to pass the ball to one of his teammates.
Alex never did get to go out with her.
He worked tirelessly making his report.
She stopped crying and fell asleep.
He didn't write the due date in his planner.
They packed a big lunch and took it with them.
He click pictures of the location and tweeted.
Randall removed the curtains and always enjoyed the view.
Jason forgot to bring anything for dessert.
The other students and faculty were brilliant.
She told her boss she wanted to take her vacation in December.
She knew she couldn't stand and speak at the same time.
Joe was satisfied with how less sand he knocked off by shaking.
After several weeks, he decided to buy a new sweater for him.
He is the team's mascot.
He visited his Grandmother and was surprised by these light up bugs.
We wanted something that they would get some exercise on so be bought a slip & slide.
I am confused about new books so decided to ask my friend about some new thriller or any type of books.
I drive to my doctor's but realize it is closed.
She buys things for a picnic.
He could not throw the rope high enough to get it over a branch.
She really wanted to get some food at the food court.
I forgot that and went to work.
Luckily, she only needed to learn to weld for her job.
Well she would have had a math quiz if she had shown up to class.
She was unable to find another.
she found a job as a waitress.
He bought the perfect card, plus a thoughtful gift.
She was very delighted for the game coming week.
He got up early one morning and decided to take the day off.
She was trapped in her house.
Coherent to 1st sentence.
Sarah was afraid to tell her family she dropped out of school.
Her boss refused to give her time off.
She discovered she was missing the ingredients for the frosting.
Basil turned the television to some recorded programs.
so it seems that it is a white christmas.
His dream was to go to Hawaii.
It was raining and they forgot their shelter.
He investigate everywhere for bike.
They ate while discussing what Hanukkah would bring them.
He decides to go play soccer.
He got injured and could no longer play hockey.
She didn't recognize anyone.
She ran too much and got injured.
Abe never made it into the Navy.
The girl who delivered the pizza to my door was very ugly.
The kids love it because there are so many webs.
All of the sudden, it started to rain.
She was so upset, she skipped school to search her bedroom for it.
However, she had little time to do it thanks to having three jobs.
We left the neighborhood and pulled over on the side of the road.
Lester is walking home after  he realizes that he doesn't have much food at home.
You couldn't smell the fresh baked cookies with the windows open.
David never bothered to bring his father any food.
She has never had mental issues before.
Mom just got home so she came downstairs as she heard calls for assistance.
They had a stand set up outside and sold all the lemonade.
She wished there was a library nearby.
Our excitement is justified when she arrives to share in our reminiscing.
My friend said I should try a hot dog.
She found a perfect one online and bought it.
Bob was going shopping wife gave him groceries.
She asked her mother for a drink of water.
He reached the state park by walking.
never gone to a concert before.
We love how warm the weather is at our new place.
Snow blocked the front door of the cabin.
He wasn't feeling very hungry.
They immediately got a bite.
Eventually we confront him and find out that he's terrified of our dog.
The two friends had a falling out.
sentences that satisfy the above three requirements.
He got a ticket for his dad, but he has to work.
They found a flowers.
She decided to hide in a closet.
After playing for a few years he decided he'd rather play the guitar.
I decided I felt like fried chicken, so I got in my car.
Ricky was disorganized due to which he never use to finish his work on time.
There was a lot of food and cake for dessert!.
She was poor and could not afford dental care.
Although Connor was happy, he easily got sad.
she walked into the studio floor while  feeling nervous.
the doctor said i had cancer.
It didn't go as well as it could have because the judges weren't impressed.
He rode to the toy store with 22 dollars.
He gets footage of cacti, lizards, and birds in the Mojave.
She knew she was going to get an F.
she booked new laptop on online store.
He stood by the stove and watched the water boil.
Her kids loved listening in.
She was disappointed not to find a turtle.
It ran perfectly.
She got in the truck to go chop wood nearby.
Mary was bad at the hula hoop, Lisa was the best.
When Thalia arrives, she sees a swingset.
He fell down on the ground.
She was eventually talking in class.
She lost the tickets and couldn't find them before the game.
She offered to share it with her roommate.
She was trying to find her shopping list.
She forgot to apply at a bank near her home.
He had forgotten his umbrella and was unprotected against the wind.
Tom called him but George hung up.
He preferred to tour alone.
Jessie was traveling overseas and was unable to call her mother.
I never played with it.
I decided to make waffles for breakfast.
He was really into the game and commended his opponents for an even matchup.
Tori's club held a car wash but no one showed up.
He took it to his dad's house.
He had checked the refrigerator to find it full of bottles of water.
Kelly waited in line but didn't get to meet the actress.
Mary immediately apoloigized upon reflection.
I am decided to open a art gallery.
She was very excited about new da.
There were no other cars anywhere to be seen.
It was the middle of the night.
But he changed his mind when he found an excellent bed online and ordered it immediately.
Linus helped alert rescue police when my husband fell off his bike and needed hospital care.
One day Elizabeth noticed one of the fish was dead.
His windshield had been cracked.
She bought one that wasn't too pricey.
Sam started working and putting money into a savings account.
Dave loved dancing.
She takes the shirts to the nearby cleaners and pays to have them laundered.
He told a lot of people about it.
He decided to learn how to cook the special meals of his favorite restaurant at home.
We decided to call a repair company.
My friend dealt me 19 points across three cards.
Being very religious, Carlos prayed for courage to overcome the storms and lightning.
He was confident there would be no market turmoil any time soon.
She was nervous as she played with her dog.
It was almost a dream for her when he smiled.
Zack's sister had promised to help him with the costs.
There was only one other contestant.
they hated it.
But  she already knew friends at this new school.
a weekly basis.
She started to follow a budget and it made all the difference.
He wanted to attract people.
he started to get bored of his job.
She already has five sons, so she's happy to have a daughter.
belongings onto the front yard.
At his first duty station he met Bob and Joe, who became his pals.
Her mother said she wasn't allowed to see it.
He is very eager to do that.
She opened the gift and found a watch.
I found a rotten potato under the sink.
No one ever challenged Eddie at school till he graduated.
He had to go to attend a meeting.
James bought his crib from the store.
She wanted to lend an old video game.
One day, he decided to use nicotene patches so he could quit.
He never used it and kept it on his desk.
She loved him back and they dated.
I stopped taking it outside.
So, she decided to volunteer at the local homeless shelter and soup kitchen.
At the creek, he began to bark at a noise in the distance.
running as fast as he could.
My wife had extravagent tastes then and got a big, gaudy engagement ring.
On the way to the store he got into an accident.
But he was lazy and indolent.
She quickly mastered the class material so she let her mind wander.
Her brakes worked perfectly as she slowly descended.
The next day, he met up with his friends to apologize to them and they went to the movies together.
He pulled out his sled and put on hat and coat.
John refused to attend the park outing.
He made a grand proposal towards his ex and she reluctantly agreed.
His cat was outside.
He went and sat down by the river.
The bench press was imported from China.
He decided he wanted no part and lived his life in seclusion.
She dropped them off at Lost and Found.
Ray was even payed by his dad because his help was the best.
Bob was selected for a job interview.
I decided not to go and forfeit my food stamps.
Her friends went snorkeling without her.
Along with me, my friend Joe also joins.
Loving thunderstorms, my wife was excited when the rains came in.
Sarah forgot to open the door and let the dog out.
Spectators were impressed, but he did not have more wine glasses to add.
She made some wonderful new friends at the bar.
Her husband kept the house all tidy and clean.
She knew she was about to be given an award for perfect attendance.
The firemen arrived and there was very little damage done.
They weren't allowed to take any apples home.
She vowed to make it in 2 years.
The challenge was to eat as many burgers as possible in 10 minutes.
I bought tickets for my girlfriends graduation.
He was looking for a new fish bowl.
He walked out his front door and into his building's tiny yard.
He decides to ask his friend for something to drink.
She asked her grandma is she could play video games.
She hoped that her mother wouldn't die from her illness.
I was taken back when I saw him crying on the couch.
She never got a call back for an interview.
She ordered all her groceries online.
Joe obtained a job right away.
I missed them at the airport.
She realized that she didn't love James any more and told him that.
Her father told her he got her plane tickets to Spain.
Her mother did not care since a lot of the drive was on deserted roads.
days writing his wedding vows.
She sang until she lost her voice.
During the train ride back to his hotel, his phone was stolen out of his pocket.
She couldn't smile because she lost control of the muscles in her face.
Her activity was monotonous and exhausting.
Nancy was too young to handle the responsibility, so her cousin was married without a flower girl.
He had  seen snow before.
She threw it away.
I heated up some mac and cheese.
She decided to order a new pair of jeans online.
his apartment was clean.
She was happy to get a single interview all week.
So Luke left the bar and shot himself last night.
She is youngest.
He got tackled by his cousin really hard.
Then I decided to do the laundry tomorrow and went to a movie.
She decides to buy new clothes for the next week.
I applied to work at McDonald's in Japan.
He lost all of his money.
But Gina had to wait because each lane of cars had to take turns cross the small crossable section.
The store was sold out of fireworks.
She sat in her first period class next to her friends.
Sandy secretly purchased valentine's day card on her boss.
he thorouhly reviewd all book but didnt find any clue for his client.
london rent a car to visit her boyfriend.
To pass the time I read a magazine then fell asleep.
She went in her backyard to take some photos.
Fortunately, there was another room available and we happily took it.
He was allergic to the food and had to go home.
His parents quit making him do the dishes every night.
Abe had just packed up his dorm room into his car and was headed home in defeat.
He thought he wanted the job so he could save some money, but he didn't.
She saw he wasn't there so she turned around and left.
He had a bad habit of downloading movies illegally off the internet.
Pam's family is smart, so they just shop online instead.
He carried the breakfast to her but it spilled everywhere.
he used to read books and write them in alone.
No one in her class really knows her all that well.
He hates warm weather and prefers winter.
He was in a house with his owner.
Mary went to a professional and loved the results.
Since he was visiting Austria, he knew he had to see Innsbruck.
But she was too lazy today so she just ordered pizza.
Curtis didn't see a single fish.
He finished them up and forget to mail them.
so she planned to caught them by making a trap for them.
Teacher told her to stop.
He went to the cafeteria, but he was not able to find anything good.
Bob ate chocolate and immediately felt better.
He was very sad because he wrecked the car.
He took a long time to lose weight.
A friendly guy named Joe, approached and welcomed them.
Amy called inside from the porch to tell her brother they were leaving.
Tom loved tying his Jordan shoes and wore only that brand.
Since nobody ever showed up, Linda just sold all her stuff online.
He was unable to do his homework and was falling behind.
His friend sugested to stop drinking coffee and start with energy drinks.
On seeing this  Bobs's enemy complained to the physics professor.
She decided she wants to disconnect from the internet.
We brought her home after her stitches were taken out.
He was so tired that he went to his room and fell asleep.
He worked for a gas station and pumped gas.
She was so nice he did not feel hesitant.
He goes to the store to trade it for a kitten.
She looked into getting laser removal.
He slowed at the intersection and stopped immediately.
The coach said i was too short.
Pat liked Charlie a lot and this hurt his feelings.
We had a wonderful time.
The barber said he could ahve it for free.
He wear them to class.
He impatiently checked the cross-traffic's light to see when it would change.
Jason pay resistration.
Brooke was excited to be representing her home town of San Diego.
I made it to my next appointment without breaking a nail.
She worked hard all night but never finished it.
It slipped out of his hand and landed on beside his mom's foot.
She was very exitment, became a mather.
He was too sick for Sam to take care of so he gave him away.
Shelby lets one friend take a turn behind the wheel.
He had not studied at all.
The taste of it was okay but it made him too thirsty.
Everyday she sat on the swing.
She took out her earphones and played some relaxing music.
He saw his mother standing in front of the stove.
She wrote all night and did not stop.
She could manage to reach before the class started.
It would have been more fun if my friend had gone.
She couldn't believe how messy it was.
She wanted to make hot dogs on the grill.
she again tried to  fall asleep.
He slept through the entire day.
One day he found he was no longer excited about dinosaurs and became obsessed with Robots.
She hadn't seen him since they separated.
He was allergic to strawberries and he didn't eat them.
However, she had enough will power to stop at one chip.
She knew how the ice changed color.
They all brought their husbands.
One day the condo celebrated the property manager's birthday.
The sun was shining in Billy's window and the weather was warm when he woke up.
Cora remembered her identification at the hotel.
He thought it was fake and laughed at the show.
She had also gotten a beautiful pair of shoes to go with it.
One day, mom forgot to buy more potatoes at the market and cooked rice instead.
He decides to leave it alone.
She was driving safely and carefully.
He realized he had no money.
It was time for bed, so he put his dog in it's crate.
He hated this place but had nowhere else to go but got some snacks from the vending machine.
I am not good at it though and never win.
find his dog eating a chocolate bar.
She lived in her house for a year before a family moved in.
Her mother took her to the cinema.
They all went to the same school.
She often broke her promises though, and this time was no different.
He drank one energy drink a day.
A lady bug landed on her hand.
Howard was carrying the turtle in a cardboard box across an icy road.
Randy and the girl got married and grew old together.
He found a couple girls to come have drinks with us.
Sinclair retired the state's best gardener and most upstanding citizen.
There was no spots available in the qualifying class for Dana.
He decided to let it ring and continue enjoying his dinner.
He kept to himself and fell asleep.
Charles had a good trip home for once today.
He decided to get her back so he called and begged her to meet him for drinks.
He made it to the pond without incident.
Her parents kept her away from noisy things.
His family surprised him by meeting him at the store.
He went over the top and bought something outside of his budget.
As there was no dance classes nearby she went for music classes.
When Keith proposed, his girlfriend Sherry called her parents right away.
Reed decided he would move out of the neighborhood.
So she used a blender instead of buying an electric one.
driving to the cemetery.
He wished he could become a surgeon like his brother.
I packed up all of my things and put my sneakers on.
He went to Safeway to buy groceries.
My parents were very into Halloween.
Sarah took a short nap and then went for shopping.
They usually play well together and today was no different.
summer was short and nice.
She decided to have a seat on a bus.
The dress he already stitched for party  is not fit for him.
She handed Julie the cotton candy.
My took a few rock climbing classesat her liked them.
She accidentally set her alarm to 6 PM instead of 6 AM.
They didn't have a hoop but they tried to maneuver around each other with the basketball as if they did.
One day abruptly Brian confronts him and tells him he is sorry and his parents are divorcing.
They were having an awful time.
She was enjoying the coffee while watching the movie.
The pitch threw the ball and it hit me.
kristi was not allowed to use it.
The doctor told John he was in good health.
Instead, she rides a bike.
could wear leggings while tap dancing.
Sandra needed a grade test  B to pass the class.
But the roads were cleared quickly so she still had school.
She is so busy.
He help with a project.
She took it out of and found out it was broken.
I ate a snack and I played a game.
They packed up but forgott the camper so they couldn't  stay the night.
The waiter has not attention on Henry order.
So she bought some band aides.
She was super excited.
As Dan was packing, he thought of buying some gifts for his parents.
He considered taking a job besides his classes.
They didn't have any shoes in her size.
It had rained earlier so it was too wet for them to go far.
The video loaded and played immediately.
Gemma wished she had a baby.
The hotel was well equipped with backup generators.
But he wasn't sure where his walking shoes were.
One day his friend came by with a couple puppies.
I picked Aku .
Nancy declined a date because Jim made fun of her eating habits.
Luckily they already had her records.
Tom was hit by a baseball one day and died.
As I was pulling out, an old lady waved at me.
He started to lift weights at the gym.
He saw a diamond ring in the middle of the sidewalk.
So she decided to go for a walk of life .
She turned the thermostat down to make it cool.
She offered her roommate $5 to wash them but she declined.
His phone dies and he then pays attention to the road.
Lisa was alone and decided to go inside.
All of his friends hated Star Wars.
he took a loan and bought some costumes.
That's why I checked what concerts are taking place in the city.
She decided to shop online for one.
Mike join a training coach for his  preparetion.
I bought her some lip gloss she liked.
She had every piece she needed.
They were glad IVF worked for them.
He notices people pointing at him and whispering.
Because he had so little money he knew he couldn't take the bus.
Katie thought it was pointless getting hers.
She had been too busy to clean out her one-room apartment.
A loose tile was hanging from the ceiling.
He repairs clocks by touch since he is blind.
He looked on craigslist and found and found one that was too expensive.
June quit that job due to low pay.
They were too afraid to go in the water.
He and his friends decided to play baseball instead.
They asked her to hand out fliers for prom.
Amy ended up winning the game.
He loved how much better he felt since he started the diet.
She decided to go to the beach with her boyfriend.
Then, she saw him being arrested on the news.
She had plenty of flowers for her family and some to share.
No one could tell them apart - not even their teacher !
It was building a nest.
He'd  made enough money to never record music again.
She wanted to drop out of school.
He is trying to grow hair.
She was busy and decided not to answer the call.
As she put on her ballet shoes, she found a five dollar bill in them.
gave me a small package.
He moved his laptop to the side and started drawing.
One day, Seth's friend took him to a cinema.
There was a new boy in the class.
He practiced for hours in every weak to participate in the big game.
I decided to buy some basic blue jeans.
He performed a dance for a couple of his friends.
One day, he took me to the bar after my school was over.
She later heard, his family has been transferred to another town.
His mom realized he was allergic to carrots.
He was a very skilled ice skater.
He decided to spend the day at the mall.
She took private tennis lessons every weekend.
He was not accepted due to a medical condition.
He went to the jewelry store but they were out of necklaces.
The campground didn't have activities for kids.
His mom told him she gave him six pillows.
She looked outside and saw that the pond started to melt.
He was upset his internet stopped working.
She showed him Superman in a comic.
She had been feeling sick the whole morning.
One day he decided to stay home.
She searched for a professional in online.
He has been experiencing a lack of interest in everything recently.
Joe never quite figured out how to train new employees before retirement.
He was unforgettably focused on the rain playing in his ears.
All of a sudden smoke began emitting from the hood of his car.
His ongoing three months project was reassigned to his rival.
She kept it closely shaved to her head.
He is  married to a beautiful woman who is a cook.
He was signed to a record deal and sold music in the late ninties.
He was hoping to get a kitten today.
She hated them because it did not sharpen the pencil correctly.
When she got to school her teacher was quiet.
Shay ghosted Scheana after two years of dating.
It make some car rides bearable.
They weren't worth anything at all.
They were fighting with the dogs for an hour.
He sits in a pile of grunge playing with hand truck .
He's famous in some circles for his one line but decided to never go to Hollywood again as long as he lived.
She successfully rinsed it out with eyedrops.
She avoided cleaning the living room.
He asked Beth to tie his shoe.
He plays soccer five or six nights a week.
But she watched the entire movie and had a great time.
She was released later that night.
He would always go to the park with him.
I prepared Indian food for her.
So they stayed home and ordered pizza.
Security guard stopped her.
This was the second year the rave was held in the woods.
She went to bed and took her laptop with her.
We left our kids behind with a family of squirrels.
Her boyfriend's new apartment had nothing but the finest table lamps.
His parents were proud of their kids for sharing.
But Jay's lucky shoes were stolen and he lost every race after that.
Mark had received a B.
Before he left, he thanked Dan and asked him to look in his menu for a $20 tip.
It has camera a new drone for himself.
Two girls started screaming.
He didn't have all the ingredients with him.
His parents told him that he couldn't go play that day.
After ten years as his employee, Beth was tired of being Dan's secretary.
Kim shoplifted from a store and got caught.
There was a man with  basket full of chocolates.
After she filled her tank, she drove home.
He notices that this habit is becoming increasingly inexpensive.
She tried not to cry, but it was the most severe third-degree burn.
As a result, he filed a complaint online.
Unfortunately that sort of thing was not too popular in our little community.
Then, a dirty and shirtless bum followed him.
Dylan was lazy,but the only child to his parents.
He was not committed to his job.
afraid she may have to skip breakfast.
Anna had one leg shorter than the other so the best she could do is watch.
She first researched other murals to save time.
But he would never get on stage.
He had nightmares a lot.
He made it his mission to avoid fouling out in the game.
While he was dancing with the ball, he noticed his friend.
She was to excited to audition.
Her Aunt Libby tells her her father passed away, but that he still loves her.
She'd asked her mother if she could take lessons after school, and she agreed due to her good grades.
She had never been on a ferris wheel before.
She threw it and decided to burn it.
I became frustrated and threw my drink.
She decided to go to the local grocery store for a job.
Only one man has ever cut my hair.
We picked her out and named her Bob and not TaiShan.
She has no money to buy groceries.
I sold my old one on Craigslist.
Rick fell asleep right away.
She was nervous that she would be late.
His mother would give up on him most nights.
I loved buying and reading comic books in my bedroom.
Jan liked it.
She went late to the theater and was last in line.
Lucy was a regular and friendly with the workers there.
They were sitting with her family telling tales.
He lost track of time and only had minutes before the show was to start.
When Jimmy first got to camp, he was so excited.
I got lucky because my husband got to make the trip with me.
Upon reaching the gate Jimmy pulled out his tickets and gave them to the usher.
I wanted to spend money and stay home.
jimmy decided to dig for the worms.
Another storm was about to hit and he needed to hurry.
I donated all of them to the thrift shop.
Gary was trying to hide the toys from his kids.
all of $1 pizza slices in Manhattan.
She got distracted by the tea kettle and had to leave the stove.
He put on his glasses and ran out the door.
It was a stationary bike on her back porch.
But i didn't get till now.
Jason believed in those lessons and became a pacifist.
She looked through several stores to pick out what she wanted.
The immediate family got together for dinner.
He avoided her favorite bakery.
She kept it to herself and became angry over time.
He was confident that he could order the right size.
His friends explained about the benifits of peanuts.
She went to the park to ask who could fix them.
One day, his father advised him and boost him to learn to swim.
She desides to watch a late night talk show.
She spent an hour on a bike instead of driving to work.
Sam had a great time at the park and went home.
Emily had been dead for days now.
She wanted to hang out with her father.
She had been there before and adored the clowns.
they enjoyed the game.
She didn't have the cash to buy the shirt though.
She proved to her parents that she was not very responsible.
While there they got sick of wine.
However, when he saw the trumpet, he knew he wanted to try it.
Ray got sauce all over his couch.
One day at work, she didn't pick up any dirt in her crane.
She bought so many toys for Blackie and gave him some good food.
A customer ordered a burger, he started to cook it, and it never caught on fire.
Kyle was unable to join the military due to a medical condition.
People were using his favorite machines.
You can't help them when they are sick.
The song would be shared only with his friend.
I decided I did not want a playstation anymore.
The dog looked a little skinny.
Remy decided to plan a holiday to abroad.
They were stopped by a couple of muggers.
His cat was having a seizure.
One day, Robin's friend Jess got too high and passed on the bong.
They went for a walk.
They snuck downstairs to look at the presents.
She felt impulsive and decided to return the hat back to the store.
Rey's father swings and had a fun time  him to the playground.
But after her marriage was over she started to hate flowers.
They were enjoying themselves, trying new positions several times a week without worry.
Stan got permission from his Mom to throw the party.
She unwrapped the warm tamale with disgusting face.
The man threw his cigarette on the ground in rage.
He had the day off and decided to sell his computer.
Ryan broke his leg when he was training and missed the try out.
She always listens to her music outside.
He borrowed money for the game from his brother.
He can managed the heat from the oven.
He is grounded by his mother who is patrolling the house.
he decides to wear it for another week.
She was offered one in Minnesota.
They were making scarfs to give to their grandparents.
However, his real passion is working on cars.
The dog stared at her quietly while she didn't move.
It was loud and bulky.
She had left over money this month and decided to purchase one that was rated five stars.
The man talked to no one that walked past him.
On the first day, we had to explore our textbooks.
She wanted to wear it to a friends party later that night.
He was sick and missed class.
As I left the shop the lights went out.
The Church Van got a flat tire and they missed Bible School.
Her teacher almost never noticed so it wasn't a big deal.
My sister's boyfriend didn't show up to the dinner so she cried and wanted to go home.
But Sara got an A on her most recent test!
I didn't experience any ill effects so I finished cutting the wood without any protection.
Gerald could never save up enough to go to Japan so he went to his sister's house instead.
Nick not accepted a cigar.
born a boy But he ike a girl.
i took a taxi.
So much so, that he stopped meeting new girls.
He mixed all of the ingredients on a plate.
She never had any issues getting off at the end of the lift.
she requested them for several days.
She did not want to use it because she was scared she would scuff it.
He ran out of noodles, though.
I was interested to go the top of the cliff.
He finds himself not knowing whether to pick Engineering or Accounting.
Acting on an urge though, I slipped it in my pocket.
Her friend Tami grabbed her arm to push her down.
He couldn't remember what to write under the pressure, so he left it blank.
His friends pitied him because he crashed the car.
I wanted bigger breasts.
She made the most of everyone at her company.
She was pregnant with twins and her balance was off.
He put down the book for just a few minutes before noticing someone stole it.
Suddenly the weather turned bad and they had to come back.
Nia decided to skip the class and do other things.
One day he was riding and saw a path he had never seen before.
He was delighted when he found it.
One day she realized that she wanted to grow old and die with him.
He watched the birds fight over seeds.
Bob's driveway was clear.
We missed the parade because there is no good spot to watch it.
We were very excited to eat.
He was not smart and handsome but talented and a senior.
When she arrived, she realized that she had left her wallet at home.
They decided to get a divorce that afternoon.
The both knew that Cindy loved mice.
The bag held everything all the way to the kitchen.
I ended up running away and never looking back.
She found a baby bat in the den.
he was trying to learn how to skip rocks.
He worked hard to unpack and set up everything before going to bed.
He needed a clean shirt.
She ran outside and it turned out to be a cat.
Her mom had everything she needed.
One day someone stole the microwave.
She wanted one that was very common.
He got kicked off because he couldn't pass the test.
Unfortunately, last week, I broke my ankle and couldn't attend the recital.
She was chatting with her friends.
Maria's infant baby was giggling in the baby carrier.
fire in his mother house.
He pulls out his phone and opens Youtube, searching for "best way to make rice".
She was running late for work.
He wanted to leave and go home.
He bought one using his credit card.
The children wanted nothing to do with the bubbles.
They  just went to the lake they always went to.
When she jogged at the park, she was cautious about her clothes.
Shane was evicted by Tuesday.
No one was really surprised when Harold passed away.
Tim was deaf.
Joe came in last place in the race.
She pushed her little brother over.
I had a stroke and cannot carry heavy trays.
He went to the mall to start researching service plans.
she used to wear them on occasions.
She left work early to ensure she could get the cake on time.
She broke her arm and couldn't join a gymnastics gym.
They were telling scary stories to each other.
Lily thought it would be nice to update her aunt's style.
She was happy with her weight.
She went to California to see a dolphin.
One day, Mary's son Simon was playing upstairs with the dog.
My gear malfunctioned and I almost drowned.
She was at her store everyday as a happy manager.
She was very thorough in her preperation for her final exam.
His suit is good while attend the concert.
He was the only one home.
She looked like a girl next door.
She can't walk so she's homebound, and no one ever comes to visit on that day.
He decided to never go to one.
However, Matt hates even hearing about baseball.
He decided to get a better paying job so now he was miserable because he had a job he hated but more money.
Mitch did not like working with kids.
He finally decided to yoga a little.
She was thrilled that third grade was finally over.
One day Ron lost his herd.
She had more than enough time to cook her meals.
He quickly fell asleep.
It was horrible.
He had the weakest leg lock.
Her teacher required that they wear their hair in a flowing ponytail.
I got a bowl cut to get her off my back.
He could easily afford new tires.
He noticed that somebody had thrown their trash all over the floor in the mailroom.
They went to his friend's place to watch a movie on his 55 inches led tv.
His mother taught him to double knot them.
She told the kids not to touch them because they were for the party.
His mom told him he was fine and to go to bed.
Learn how to use bought and brought with sentence examples, worksheets, & quizzes at Writing ... I need to work hard, so that I can bring home the bacon.
her family is very interested in her baking.
Sammie didn't like Ronnie as more than friends.
Then a cold front approached.
She went for a walk outside after dinner.
She had enough money saved to open her own studio.
The stew turned out wonderfully and the meal was enjoyed by all.
Adee opened her presents and received nothing.
A few years later, he saw an apple trees is growing.
He opened the hood of the car and noticed smoke inside it.
He couldn't tie his shoe.
He retook the test and finally passed.
Ronnie's friends would reminisce about his fighting days and describe watching his many wins.
Cal grabbed his files and headed out of the door.
He believes in obtaining a minimum wage job without education.
There started bursting crackers and balloons left in the air.
His father told him to eat them before dinner, but he couldn't.
She decided to take sleeping pills which made her sleep deeply all night.
He stalked me and finally I had to call the police.
He found a river full of snakes.
My friend and I prepared over weeks of practice.
He likes to day dream about what he would do with the money if he won.
The team was filled with good players but they all knew Narin was even better.
He decided to use his new shovel to play in the sand near the water.
He played baseball for all of high school and he was selected by a pro team.
The snow was so deep it blocked all the roads getting into the city.
He noticed lot of shoes.
I went for the first time in a long time yesterday.
The factory they worked at had an accident.
Neil was arrested by the government and held prisoner for years.
So he went to a local restaurant and ordered their new special.
He didn't like it so he changed it to BK.
I left for work, and my wife stayed home with the kids.
His wife wanted  him to stop smoking.
my friend was on a winning streak.
But I was sick, so I just closed my eyes and went back to sleep.
She heard someone knock on the door.
When he come home the next day he wife shows his the new couch.
It didn't look very fun, since there were complicated instructions.
she worked at a small bakery stall.
They moved Dave to a new beat and I never saw him again.
He didn't have the capability to move.
He found one with a construction crew downtown.
His kid knew not to flush the toilet when he was showering.
We left together after ten minutes.
But I had to let go of the idea when my mom told me that she is against it.
Little Susie did not notice her mom leaving.
She got a paper route.
He went to his cousin to ask if he could borrow something warm to wear.
She quickly grabbed some cleaner but the stain never went away.
We started our workout on the treadmill.
He spent the next tree months clearing away the trees.
He had always wanted to become a professional video game streamer.
Lisa watched a movie with aliens and laughed all night.
I looked everywhere in the house.
But she was told the teacher wanted to talk to her.
She knew animals didn't care about music.
It was his last time.
Susan never saw a lizard that whole trip.
As he was walking down the street he dropped it into his pocket.
But I decided I did not need any more furniture.
As Tina has social anxiety, she went to watch a movie instead of going to the picnic.
I was assigned George Washington.
Jordan bought her mom a new cell phone.
She located a place that sells camel milk.
She hate her job and students very much.
i had bowl of food and watch movies.
She refused to climb the rope.
Just then his friend called and he went out to meet him.
Bill made it onto the empty train and arrived at his destination.
They lovers to go on long walks together.
But as the weather forecast indicated heavy storm that day, we had to call it off.
I realized that my friend texted me and replied immediately.
Rita chose Gina's side.
He could not watch it as he had no money.
Jessie and her friends club  costume are very nice.
I laid down on my bed to watch.
They had bulls there to show the kids.
Someone stole his wallet.
He was depressed and decided to commit suicide.
The teacher sat down beside me and organized unrelated papers.
She trembled and ran off the stage and did not perform.
He demanded that the soup be lukewarm.
But there was a little kid next to her typing way faster than she could.
Everybody there instantly loves Sam's ten-year-old brother Dan.
The hotel they stayed at did not have a pool.
She began to enjoy the neighbor.
Dan never bothered to fix it though.
when she received her food the cheeseburgers were missing cheese.
He found a giant coffee stain on his brand new coat.
But he wasn't a gambler, so he didn't buy any tickets.
Tom watched his grandmother cook for hours.
I am a big fan of suoerhero movies this year.
The snow had buried Kim's car in her driveway.
They dance and cheered throughout the evening from the balcony of their hotel in Times Square.
spice the place up.
But he had the best baseball players in his team.
She was prepared for the test and woke up early.
His father did too, so read him at least two stories every night.
I keep on my pajamas and head into the kitchen.
She searched all the stores and found just the right one.
I stopped by when the movie was already ending.
He researches different countries and decides to visit Bangladesh.
They become a good friends.
Sally was tired and wanted coffee instead.
However, he woke up on time.
was excited to be new, she was rather nervous.
Jim never looked up from the tiled floor as he did his daily walk.
Tim built the house with his bare hands and lived there for decades.
I was startled by a knock against the trunk.
He had no money to buy the needed supplies.
But Anna was very afraid the ants would get out so she changed her mind.
She decided to write letters and mail them to her friends.
I was too young to be mad about it at the time.
She hurried to go to school.
he took his rabit in his arms and sweetly touched it.
The metal jar ended up falling on the ground, damaging it heavily.
I mistakenly hit the sink and a leak is formed near the sink.
She went to kitchen for dinking water.
But she wasn't good enough to be a backup dancer.
When they got there they had nowhere to stay.
He arrived early for class.
They practiced every day and worked hard to better their skills.
He played against a good friend.
Mary serves an ace to Karen and is ecstatic.
I cost too much so I quit.
she did not like her curly hair.
He had a blast at the pool.
She didn't have any of the ingredients for cookies.
She decided that she wanted to start dating.
Her friends enjoyed seeing what elegant dress she would wear next.
In my dream i was very skinny.
She decided to go buy some at the corner store.
I decided to hire my neighbor to clean my yard.
He doesnt like his job, he always wanted to work on the zoo.
he returned home safely.
They were near a Wal-mart, so they were able to purchase more.
She was tall and skinny.
She decided to take the bus.
In Iraq, a bomb exploded and made him blind.
We got a card from library.
After high school he had failed to get a job at a restaurant.
She fell into the water.
His grandmother had a secret ingredient she never told any one ever.
It started to snow so we sped up to try to get home as soon as we could.
He always forgot to brushed and flossed daily.
When he got home he showed off his tablet to his sister.
He was very sad and went straight home.
He saw some cats.
She picked the worst day because the A/C in Costco was broken and very hot.
Erin ran to a nearby drinking fountain.
invited to a party.
We then had a fun day floating down the river.
I made the meeting just in time.
Ethan knew if he misbehaved, they would still go on the trip.
Gina was saddened that her only sister was dead and wasn't there.
he hated it.
None of their friends brought gifts.
She decided it was the perfect day to go running.
Yany knew it was best to be honest so she told her Elena she didn't want to go.
He was angry to discover one day that his gym membership ran out.
She broke her leg and was not able to run for a month.
He was lucky that nothing broke on his phone.
we kept our car in the garage to avoid getting it dirty.
He finds sticks that resembled the shape of a drum stick.
they worked in different departments.
He decided to sign up for and exercise regime.
Suddenly, everything began to shake and rumble, they were having an earthquake.
Alexia did not throw the ball, but she had lot of fun watching her friends throwing the balls in the lanes.
Friends said she should work in TV news, but Ann had no interest in broadcast journalism.
One day I opened my front door and saw a dead lizard on the sidewalk.
Her husband had left breakfast sitting on the kitchen table for her.
i left early and went home.
I could cook the pancakes better than my sister.
It was a little green and black plaster statue on our front porch.
He came across a few pennies he found on the street.
The kids stood closely by her side watching her cook.
When his son Seth turned 8, he decided to buy one instead.
He used a cookie as the weight so I ate it.
Mom ate all the cookies before I could have one.
He believed his leaders were the best in the world.
wanted to be an astronaut.
Her friend challenged her to a hamburger-eating competition.
Kevin never went into the water.
After using the bathroom I went back to bed.
he decided to listen to music.
In our way  one drunk  driver made accident to our car.
She realized on her way home that she had forgotten to bring it with her!
All the girls refused to come.
married for fifteen years.
While running after one, he steadily maintained his balance.
Her jewelry fit nicely in the well secured Tupperware.
She was an only child.
He lives off reactions from his crowd.
They picked it up and took it home and called the kitten Scamp.
He never watched football but he loved food.
He decided to go on vacation to Mexico.
He told his friend he didn't need recommendations.
Inside I looked for a restroom to use immediately.
He decided to join the advanced literature class.
He felt the app was up to standards and would do well.
Early second semester, he was introduced to music club.
But she is unable to decide to plan it.
His parents wanted him to be a crickter.
he was an expert swimmer.
As she drove up to the barn she saw her horses inside.
I often make a pot of rice, and add any vegetable except beets while cooking.
her parents did not accept it for long time.
I was very sure about the taste.
He wants to go out of the library.
She served them all a fancy casserole she has concocted.
People would never give him any money.
hes great at it.
He only saw the Canyon from his car, though.
When she  look out side.
He was unable to find a good recipe to cook.
She proudly flashed the diamond so people could admire it.
She forgot to hang up her stocking.
I told my mother that he was not honest, in my opinon.
Due to technical problem, the text didn't reach Lisa.
My stomach was in knots even though I'd studied for the physics exam all night.
He wanted oatmeal.
It was just a dream because Lincoln had no money to buy a building.
This time she had set up the coffee the night before.
Amy did not want her friends to know about a baby shower.
As my little brother started to get on my nerves by acting silly, I went to my room and began reading a book.
She determined to begin a flower garden in her spacious backyard.
My kids and I went to the hockey rink.
Her favorite dessert is apple pie.
Sara's friends gave her nothing.
Dean decided he didn't want them until he could buy a house.
He realized he had no carpet shampoo.
he placing training for fitness to few clients.
He needed funds to buy a new car.
I was outside in the freezing cold for three hours but a hot shower warmed me up.
Tom decided to go to the doctor.
She decided against any treatment.
But they respect their sons decision.
While in the shoe store, she spoke with a clerk who helped her and the clerk never fainted that day.
She decided to take up mountain climbing and kayaking.
They learned to like each other and would cuddle for hours.
Sam decided to go for a run.
He had been practicing for an upcoming competition but didn't get a good night's sleep.
Her curfew on the weekends was 1:00am.
Bertha never bothered studying the driving manual, she didn't want her license.
Casey knew they were going to the zoo.
the mother still made him go to school.
He sucked it up and did his best, passing with a B.
As soon as she opened the car door, the cat ran away.
However, Nate refused because he wanted to hang out with his girlfriend.
she decided do take out.
She rarely had time to paint.
Now that Ada was an adult, she tried shrimp again but still hated it.
i took cereals in a bowl and searching for milk container.
A big earthquake  expected to happen during this week.
she went the shop and purchased seeds.
Then he saw a sandwich left on top of a video game machine.
She is such an easy gong person.
The neighbors didn't paid Willie to walk the dog.
But I realized it was a junk radio and threw it away.
His served looked happy as she served him food.
She stepped on the snail.
He stayed inside and didn't say anything.
He had tried air sickness medicine, but it didn't work.
As a kid he loved gym class.
Matt was fed up and kicked Caroline out.
There was a slight breeze and it was dark.
Her doctor forgot to offer her a malaria vaccine.
He tried to stop bleed through tissue.
It turned on right away.
They kept the bridge open during construction despite the cost.
She hide to him at school in the afternoon.
I was nervous since he always blew money in college.
I passed through the intersection safely.
He decided to try a hot dog stand nearby.
His friend Jim was trying to get him out to a bar but failed.
He is decided to change his deeds.
This is a nonprofit group that helps immigrant kids in Minneapolis, MN.
He crashed the car off a cliff one day and died.
When I was in Ann Taylor, I could not find a dress.
Jimmy asked her on a date.
Her boss told her that she was very pretty.
She made an appointment to lose her weight.
He wanted to work hard and get a promotion.
Their battle was intense and took them near the edge of a cliff.
While on the ice, he sang better than he ever had.
She wanted to volunteer anywhere but the library.
he owned three electric guitars.
His added same green food dye to make them more unique.
He jumped over a fence.
There was a lot of people in the park.
She had a phone call with her mother that calmed her anxiety.
His grades never went down.
Beverly was she didn't have the eye of a photographer so she set her sites on being a model.
She was already dating someone else so he had to ask Karen out instead.
He was going to threatened her to get a better grade.
He had a hard time learning because he was left handed.
In fact, I swallowed the fly with my bite of lunch.
She felt better immediately.
He remembered that he forgot something downstairs, and turned back around.
Because of fear she fall sick on the exam day.
On the beach, there was a short dock.
When she reached there, she got to know that they had to leave urgently as their daughter was involved in a car accident.
He had a job offer at the local bank.
He was losing weight so quickly that his doctor told him to reduce his exercise.
He never took any classes for cutting hair.
Unfortunately, the shoe stores were closed.
Jeremy didn't want to make anything so he stopped at the grocery store and bought some chicken.
He hadn't seen a fish for days.
Jane was very unhappy and she put the baby up for adoption.
But he never put himself ahead of others who were more deserving.
Tia hated it and left after 5 minutes.
She tried to repair the car herself.
Daddy arrived and gave Rick a golf ball.
Joy wanted to get revenge, so she threw her own sleep-over on the same night.
This one was for his budding art business.
She was sad to discover Jane wasn't gay.
He has perfected several songs and can play them flawlessly.
It was a person trying to sell magazines.
Shawn skipped class and still passed his midterms.
He was taking the train to see his sister.
He tripped over a rock and hit his head.
She had heard that it was a difficult gig but she had dealt with worse.
everyone made fun of him.
He decides that he swim for an hour one weekend.
He felt bad and never did it again.
She went to the nearest skydiving center and became too afraid.
He trained and worked very hard at it and eventually made into the NFL.
Sam called the post office and a mechanic came and fixed it so Sam could finish his route.
We decided not to have a Bar BQ.
I watched videos online instructing how do change diapers.
His mom could not do crafts so would have to buy all of the decorations.
I didn't really care so I forgot all about it.
She forgot to bring her pole.
An old produce ad l fell from the garbage bag.
My mother gave me a handful of money to pay for it.
He did not ate his meal.
She decided to stick her finger in the icing to try it out.
He was a footballer with a great throwing arm.
Her kite got caught in a tree and she couldn't get it down and had to leave it.
He felt extremely confident about how the date would go.
Everyday he goes outside and chases around other cats.
She loved everything on it.
So she went to her fridge.
Brianna thanked Nancy for helping with the successful project.
She decided to wait until the weekend when they didn't have to drive.
The stayed away from the tall grass.
She plays a wizard.
One day she saw a lost dog sitting in the corner.
He smiled and waved at Gina.
I took the entire cake back to my desk and people were angry I did not share.
However, he had to quit due to leg injury.
She did not chew gum when playing sports.
He dropped out of calculus to take an easier business math class.
Miss susie was taking them to disneyworld.
They climbed to the top of a dry desert peak.
No one knew he was going to do it.
He was always a happy drunk.
I told them that I was unable to make it since I have an examination the day after.
So i purchased dumb bells and a punching bag to work out with every other day.
He never forgot his goggles to protect his eyes.
His teacher showed them how to do it and they were excited.
She aspired to be a back up dancer for music video's.
She ran away from the shelter to find a home.
Luna couldn't digest the envelope and passed away that night.
My occupational therapist was mean to me.
She put fifty candles on it.
He decided not to use it and just cover it.
I got a free sandwich coupon in the mail.
He was very excited and took an Uber home.
Mark called the police and they found a small bomb in the bag.
Neither of them have cell phones and they they don't even have a land line.
It was from an artist she normally hated.
One night Henry slipped and fell and now he takes baths.
She refused to take any pills for her condition.
They knew that they wanted to play in it.
He searched the freezer at home but all he saw was a chocolate milkshake.
He noticed that his lawn was clean and perfectly manicured.
Kaylin's car was loaded up and she made it in record speed.
She didn't have an appointment, so she was turned away.
He stopped to get gas.
She tasked Jenna with passing the good news on to them.
He couldn't find his sled in the garage.
Jenny began to frown.
Common flew to Hawaii and Charles' mother was his long-lost best friend.
She didn't have time to go to the gym but she did her crunches at home, diligently.
The man rolled down his window and he isn't going to race.
One of the snakes almost got loose in the store.
It's something that they still do to this day.
His mother said yes, because they weren't having dinner.
She decided to take a tour of castles.
He laid down in the sand and fell right asleep.
An arguing couple could be heard from below and shook his floor.
Laura wrote some other things and sent the email to her sister in Colorado Springs.
She works the front desk every day.
Frank was always looking for animals who needed a home so this time he got a little kitten.
But Barry didn't have interests in joining an athletic team.
There was a huge diving board at the top.
And that was the thing thing he enjoyed and did.
She pulled over to due to a mechanical problem and called for a tow.
So, I decided to go back to school for truck driving.
Unfortunately, her grandmother did not let her borrow hers.
One day as he was out on trail, he came across a mountain lion.
So he decided to quit practicing in anger.
She used a regular washer to avoid the high efficiency washers.
I was too small to ride any of the horses.
They did not keep constant contact by holding hands from the beginning.
She made her whole family attend church each week.
He settled into his lovely hotel overlooking the Eiffel tower.
His speakers sounded good.
she had eaten too much the last meal.
As I walked out of the bathroom my brother gave me a towel.
After buying what he needed for the salad, he left with them.
He's never had tickets or ever attended a home game.
She asked her cousin Bobbi to fix her hair and make-up.
Her secret ingredient was peanut butter.
But lifting weights on his own was so exciting.
He was picked first but he hated sports.
But he hates to jump off buildings and climb trees.
She looks forward to swimming in the ocean tomorrow.
I was very scared of the woods.
This year he found a squirrel in one of his trees as he was cutting it.
He entered the koi koi contest and won.
He found what he wanted in the crowded store and paid in express checkout.
She buys them at thrift stores.
While in Texas they rented a two story apartment for three days.
Dave and Gina were good friends.
She looked at her yard and realized she had no space.
On their way to the ferris wheel, they decided to get some soda since they could not find any candy stands.
They went to his office and ate a quick lunch with him.
He was eating at the school's buffet every day for dinner.
I wanted to buy some cheap produce.
He used pink ink as a joke.
He got sick and had to rush home.
He decided to try fishing in a local river.
He always wore sunscreen because he cared about the health of his skin.
He wanted to show her the finer aspects of city living.
One evening near dusk, Mrs. Jones let the dog out for a few minutes.
She has been trying to find new experiences since then.
He skipped the trip this year though.
She realized she was out of bananas and could not make any.
One pal noticed that the other pals words were all compliments.
She had always wanted to return a lost cat to its rightful owner.
He tried to get a story and had to give the man a bribe.
His parents bought him one.
I kept the windows and doors shut.
She had her hair cut as short as possible.
When they arrived they realized the school bully was there.
He was traveling to Las Vegas every weekend and coming home rich.
She wanted to learn how to swim.
She uses cold water so she doesn't fall asleep.
He went to the kitchen and found plenty of bananas.
Nancy saw this as a chance and immediately tried to get a date with Haley's boyfriend.
One day I was eating potato chips out of a bowl.
He was always alone and afraid.
The neighbor generously brought his snow blower to clear my walkway.
The woman was getting anxious.
No children were invited.
I was a natural.
All of a sudden the glass fell apart and there was wine stains everywhere.
Tim took a break to get some drinks.
Bill took a cab and went home to ask for help.
I never had a divorce but I also was never married.
She saw it as a reward for doing good things.
She was overflowing with ideas while writing her new children's book.
They needed to get home right away.
His best friend Ed was not able to go with her to Canada.
She waited until the week after before to do it.
Tom changed his mind and took a cab instead.
She read it all a week before it was due.
They was no search for him as he was immediately caught.
He wants her to invest it in the stock market.
As she grew tired, she go to sleep right away.
She loves an occasional taste of sugar.
She borrowed one from a neighbor.
She heard that there was a pot of food at the end of the rainbow.
He had never played a live show for an audience.
He saw that his whole office had been repaired.
He found a pair of crazy striped pants.
The neighbor went and told his dad.
The blizzard had everybody around town in a panic but it never came.
The restaurant didn't have seafood.
So Tim decided to start mowing his lawn that early as well.
She never had any pets as a child.
It was exactly the watch she had been wanting.
It was the last snowstorm of the season.
The rain was finally stopping.
They went to a drive-in movie.
The professor said it would be very easy.
He ransacked the car so it would look good to a buyer.
My dad made sure I brushed my teeth before going to bed.
It was a boring beet farm.
While waiting for the interview, she was relieved that she did not have anything else scheduled.
She saw the light turn red before changing the radio channel.
There was a bathroom down the hallway but the water in the house was broken one night.
So then Rick started practicing drawing on his own.
My friends didn't notice.
Luckily for them, all the other teams they played had short players as well.
He bought hot dogs to cook.
He wouldn't let anyone sign the cast.
All his cows were accounted for so he closed them in their enclosure.
Her sister loved toe at pop rocks.
The time had come for our family to move to a new home.
He wanted to get away from the noise and pollution so he moved to the suburbs.
One boy missed the ball.
One day, the girls were teasing a new boy who had joined their class.
Ken was dejected, but his neighbor gave him a poodle.
I decided to not eat.
George was sad that he was too old to participate in the upcoming hot dog eating contest.
He was too scared and didn't go.
He didn't take care of it and it didn't grow.
She dreaded working there because she hated working retail.
There was a big test coming up.
We chose to take a cooking class first.
She swatted away a wasp that had landed on it.
It was so easy.
They were performing a concert that weekend, but it was cancelled.
His grandpa refused to acknowledge Chase.
She wasn't having a good time so she decided to go home.
He spent his days wondering about the house  he owned and sold to a friend before.
So the night before I went out and bought a neck pillow.
She slept right thru like a baby.
She studied and got an A on the test.
However, I decided to go vegan and quit eating meat.
After the driver received the money, he refused to drive anywhere..
She talked to her mom's doctor.
But she wasn't allowed to have pets in her apartment so she got some fish.
He had to call and cancel all of his cards.
The beach was so polluted that nobody dared go into the water.
Buying kegs was the only option.
That's why many people expected it when he did something seriously.
She got her tablet ready and sat at the kitchen table.
One morning, he got involved in a car accident.
He hates his job.
Suddenly one of her sister stood and began speaking.
She stuck a tube inside a jar of pickles to make a hiding place.
I am out of shape so I decided at the last minute to go back home.
But Joe had no money.
So he made some eggs.
The lemon flavored ones were his favorite.
She looked in it for identification and found it was empty.
But he wasn't making his quota this year.
No matter what I didn't I couldn't stop eating.
Pam had everything done and then realized she forgot to invite everyone.
Suddenly, he saw a deer on the side of the road.
She knew the local language very well.
My cats were meowing loudly.
They were going to a birthday party, so Connie wore her dress before.
She wasn't around much because she worked the early shift.
She went to the store and bought tinsel.
But he was not able to participate anymore as he had lost both his vision and hearing.
But Bob's desktop broke down and didn't have enough money to buy a replacement.
She was a lifelong, dedicated atheist.
The lawyer informed her she would make a lot of money off the divorce.
It had been so long between stops that I needed to find a bathroom, and fast!.
But she has attendance issues.
He was with his best friend feeding giraffes.
He picked up a soda can and dumped it.
Winter ended without any more snow storms that year.
No one knew she listened to their songs every day.
She was told the bird was eaten by a cat.
We went to bed early and slept soundly.
She had given him a plate of food and he ate every single bite.
I left immediately.
She stayed very close to her friends.
So he picked a guy at random.
Gina's fiance is Jewish, while her parents are devout Muslims.
Frustrated, Jasper tossed the guitar in the trash.
Chad was not sure what he wants for the fete.
She said no.
She put the meat on a platter but left the carcass on the counter and didn't have a dog to finish it.
The kids didn't want to go.
He had been picking them up for years now.
My mother didn't call her back.
He thought about joining a gym but decided just to exercise at home.
He went to a restaurant that served spiders as a delicacy and now he's no longer afraid of them.
She called her favorite place but they were closed.
He liked rap, and he wanted to be a famous rapper.
She scoured the sand for seashells.
Kelly was really excited as she hated her boring vacations.
He broke up with me for a younger women.
He is a very small dog.
The girls he meets over the phone always turn out to not be real.
Yesterday she was late for work, so she headed straight to the office without stopping for a burrito.
He put a blanket over his head to scare him.
His first stop was Kenya.
But the female coworker thought Regina was easy to work with.
He won a million dollars in the lottery.
He had vomited on his sweater already and decided to go home to rest.
He loved going to dances and theatrics.
He soon met another woman at the bar that turned him down.
He was proud of his published books.
He told his dad he wanted a fish.
They never did, and I gave up.
The coworker tells Bob that this man is perfect for him.
It didn't work out and she got a divorce.
He turned it off when every station played the same song.
He needed a new pair for the big game but his parents could not afford them.
His girlfriend took the ice cream from the fridge.
The house was was turned into a Bed & Breakfast and became a popular place.
She was a house party i went to.
He decided to not go back.
It was empty but full of dust and grime.
He injured his ankle during training and couldn't compete.
She called 9-.
We decided to stay in for dinner.
She opened the fridge door and pulled out the water.
Timothy grumbled because he wanted to go fishing.
She brings along her favorite doll to play with.
He wanted her to call him while he was on a weekend vacation with us.
She went into the water and her friend saved her from drowning and she never went in again.
He decided the needed to be more careful and then he quit making mistakes.
We moved to a new house before I started school.
She stopped talking to me for the rest of the day.
He wanted to go outside but the smog was so bad he had to stay indoors.
He decided to go to a Bible study.
They are called lift light weights and do no cardio.
She grabbed her sponge out from under the cabinet.
He didn't see the stairs as he was trying to catch it.
Her mom was in charge of finding the house on GPS.
His girlfriend loved him dearly though and did everything she could to make him happy so he wouldn't leave.
She dreaded the fact that she still had to wrap her husband's gift.
Anna's boyfriend's dog attacked Wilfred.
Befrehand my mom had told me, I could get into the water.
Her boyfriend stayed to the store to sell her some medicine.
He was disappointed when they were really no better than his old ones.
He proposed to me with the ring as soon as I woke up.
He decided he could see fine without them.
It was a very safe town, but there was never anything to do.
He took it to his garage to make a pile but it all blew away with the wind.
Tim committed crimes but was never caught.
He stole some from his neighbor.
It started to very foggy with heavy rain and our ride was cut short.
Jackie ordered in some pizza from her local restaurant.
But she doesn't like to draw.
He tried working out at home.
The bully cut off Jay's shoes and stole his money.
There was a jar of iced tea on the table.
He had prepared several sandwiches and a pitcher of lemonade for their picnic on the beach.
Kia didn't want to go.
She decided to make him a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
He said he would pay $100 to anyone who could beat him so a woman took the challenge and beat him.
But he really didn't want to spend the money right.
Then it became apparent that her boyfriend was totally in love with her.
I have been to several races before and was not looking forward to it.
Her favorite was the violin.
I could hear my dogs sleeping inside.
He didn't buy anything.
She loved waking up to the sound of the crickets chirping.
He was stressed because he had lost his job.
Since they missed the run, they decided to go in a different direction and she met the man she would marry.
He got a part time job at the movies.
But Jessica would not go on a ride.
He took his own last.
Lizzy decided to show up wthout talking to Jill.
It really picked up speed and intensity as it hit land, making it far worse than expected.
It wasn't delivered by Friday.
The pet store didn't have any unwanted cats for adoption so she went to the shelter instead.
She forgot to invite her grandchildren over to carve.
I left work early to enjoy the day.
She found the one she wanted at the very first store.
Sean researched the organization further and questioned the cause.
I made a lot of progress and would save my document every few minutes.
He hated spicy food and didn't want to try any.
Suddenly, she noticed someone mugging another person.
Tina was mad!.
He didn't notice the joke.
As she sat on her bed, she felt sharp pains.
So when he decided to cook oatmeal, he never left it unattended.
I ask for a friend to help me.
She decided to read a book.
He decided to take a walk in the fresh air.
The panda was cuddling with her new baby.
She saw a rat in the pantry and ran out of her house.
I decided to stay behind him and wait patiently.
But when he went to college, he majored in business administration.
However, none of her friends would be able to attend.
He had hurt it lifting a heavy chair.
Margot hated the beach and didn't go.
Little cat became her best friend.
His mother followed closely behind him.
Aya didn't dress properly so she ended up having to go home.
She made a coffee and gulped it down.
When she got home, she realized that he must have dropped them in the parking lot.
He got the hotel certified with historical status which made it a protected site.
the structure was built long time ago.
The cat saw a mouse across the room.
She began running every night.
She knew one she wanted and it happened to be on sale.
So Joan took her there.
One cold night, she decided to go for a walk outside.
One morning he made a mess in the kitchen.
They haven't lost a match yet and kept that record for the next two years.
The song was not one of his best ones just decent.
She bought some of the lease holdings for my son's trust fund.
He sell some tickets online.
She asked her parents to drop her off at the front of the school instead of the dropoff line.
She had to help with them because he mom worked long hours.
He decided to buy a house on a different street.
She wished she was old enough to drive one.
He had a small box that he had to sell.
Molly's mother had to chase her down and shave all her hair off to teach her a lesson.
He stood up at a bench and began to eat the bread crumbs.
His friends and family set an intervention that set him on a better path.
She went to open her locker when her gym bag handle got caught.
We found out that our Keurig was defective so we sent it back.
It did not cause problems in their relationship though.
She unzipped the tent early in the morning.
She loved washing the dishes.
Martha knew it would be easy to get Jerry's attention.
He was also very well liked.
For this vacation, we took a train ride.
She wasn't wearing her pantyhose.
Every home in town was safe.
Her mother was the only other person in the car.
He realized his son had been playing video games at night when he was supposed to be sleeping.
There was nothing behind it.
It was because she made them plant a garden together.
And she agreed to go on a date with him.
It was her favorite place to visit on her vacation.
But John felt he had a disadvantage because he was short.
He thought of himself as the next Dog and won a chance to have his own TV show.
He spent his weekends looking for a ruby.
James could have played a game, but decided to read instead.
She wanted it to be perfect so she was willing to spend a lot of money for it.
He likes the taste but is ashamed to drink it.
Johnny hated his mom and dad fiercely.
I saw a lot of people there.
She was allergic to flowers.
He always enjoyed sitting with other people while watching the sunet.
She was being followed by a police car closely.
Gary only drived faster.
Jared's girlfriend would never let him attend the bachelor party.
She loved it and felt very confident to perform at a recital upcoming.
Without realizing she had been eating a lot more lately.
He decided to open up some of the curtains and blinds to let light in.
She needed to make a call on her cell phone.
He looked into the empty cookie jar.
Then the security guard banned her from the office building.
He never had problems with hit charging his phone as long as he had the car.
I got sick because I ate too much.
She asked out the cute manager but he turned her down.
The waitress had given him a paper hat.
When she got home it looked perfect.
She burned a lot of CDs of her favorite Kpop groups.
He was working on a few song to be released.
I went down into the basement to check on some laundry.
Tammy didn't want to restrict her cat and so never tried to shut her in.
He found it in the kitchen.
She had recently fallen and broken her ankle.
Jenna decided to sell her car and buy a bike instead.
Ed was always even-tempered and responsible.
So he sent Sam out to buy pet mice for the office to keep.
He didn't hear the person cracking and groaning near him.
He could not play because he has a broken leg.
He never practiced.
She was sick of hearing her classmate chew gum.
I was glad I found tickets already.
At first Jeff was feeling righteous and actually wanted to upset Scott.
Jake never left the city as he loved it.
She didn't have her purse when she went to pay for her lunch.
He swung the bat and hit a home run.
I especially like to see my old baby pictures.
He got an A+.
She wanted to go back to school.
He decided to try installing an aquarium in his kitchen.
He required constant supervision so we hired a nanny.
It was her favorite kind of food.
The Chicago Bulls were down by 1 point in the 4th and lost the game.
She was very hungry.
She and her friends thought the racy scenes would be too inappropriate.
Only problem is I'm afraid of flying.
He decided to go mow some yards for cash.
The bride and groom were fighting.
The residence and Carl prepared for the storm.
I was very confident in my ability to play by myself.
We sat down with our bills and called a financial advisor.
The rain had rattled her rooftop.
She was dropping hints about wanting to break up with me.
She realized she wanted to focus on other things instead.
The desk clerk comped his room because he was a valued customer.
Jeffery needed to purchase decorations.
Miranda came into the bar and started talking to him.
We are going to use the eggs for lunch.
Liberty was fearful of Alex and kept away from him.
She was terribly nervous to get her wisdom teeth out.
Max studied so long that he had no time for breakfast.
Unfortunately, they had to return the little dog to the pound because of all the barking.
Sam was in charge of all of the preparations.
She immediately cursed at the teacher.
She decided she didn't want to go anywhere and canceled her plans.
He did his English test yesterday.
Chuck has another year of active duty away in Iraq.
I told my cousins the story.
He always cheated when his manager was on break.
A girl suddenly sat down with him.
He turned it down to paint.
She learned and started tying her shoes herself.
She asked her mum if she could help her make brownies.
It didn't eat much when compared to the other cats.
He decided to go on cruise ship date.
He needed time for himself to recuperate, but his Mom went over and they had coffee.
She did not have time to look for another pair of shows.
He wasn't paying attention and caused an accident.
They loved being kids and didnt want to grow up.
He was fascinated by the country and wanted to read more about it.
Amanda decided to get a used car.
She had no spending money left after paying rent and her bills.
He didn't have any money to win a prize for his girlfriend.
Matt decided to cook his own food.
He knew, however,to focused on his school work instead.
He only played outside at night.
She baked a fantastic three tiered cake, almost as if it was for a wedding.
Maria went to a friends house.
We were unable to try it because of the severe thunderstorms in the area.
Jim was scared of crows.
But the holes were getting too big to wear the jeans anymore.
But he did eat small amounts of junk constantly throughout the day and put on 10 pounds.
I loved to read, and writing book reports was one of my favorite homework assignments.
I decided to play video games.
Mark robbed a bank and went to jail.
He got sick of his car breaking down so he bought a bus pass.
He suspected a barbecue and wasn't alarmed.
My car died about a month ago.
He had chosen a sushi restaurant.
He bet the whole class would eventually improve over time.
She saw a dog all alone while walking one day.
She saw one of the rewards for selling a lot of candy was a trip.
Whenever my dad ate some boxed shrimp, he bought me a burger for dinner.
They needed the perfect location for their wedding.
He knew he would never drink coffee.
He conquered his fears as a teen.
They argued all day because the kids hated the sand.
He had not seen her for years.
She saw a lot of kids in the village.
One night I convinced my girlfriend to go with me.
He was a professor.
She decided to start her seeds inside.
When she arrived, everything were there already.
She went and asked her mom.
Ben didn't realize the at Gordon was lazy and dirty and never lifted a finger around the house.
She wanted the kitten really bad.
She had already won a local contest for the best yard in town.
In fact, I got 2 new watches.
I terrorized all the neighborhood kids with it.
I had dinner at home ane went to bed early.
One day an orchestra came to town.
He plants all kinds of tomatoes including Tommy toe tomatoes.
She wanted to be a basketball player when she grew up.
His ears hurt very much.
I felt great.
Choosing the right animal as a pet was serious business.
I've had no reason to dread this appointment.
The arguments were long and loud.
Our friends' parents decided to go swimming.
I am the only one living here.
Grandpa is always happy to see Tyler and they spend the day talking and playing cards on the lawn of the nursing home.
the onions were healthy.
They buy a mystery box for baby on ebay.
Her girlfriend was very surprised and liked what he did.
Suddenly, her dog ran back to the house.
She had plenty of trash bags.
I took a trip to my favorite restaurant and got dinner.
He practiced hard but it wasn't working, so he quit.
She went to the library to use their computer.
I couldn't find them because it was too dark.
But he didn't make the team.
They broke up one year after their 6th anniversary.
She decided to take a different way home to avoid the traffic.
She decided to prove she was responsible enough.
It was just a nudge, so it didn't hurt.
He had always done it before.
She left the store without buying anything.
She put it in places the cats couldn't get to so they would be annoyed.
The forum members wanted to raid a sorority house.
His friend was out of water and asked him to share.
He knew he didn't need any practice.
There was no one else in the coffee shop.
It was a very hot night.
My grandma was getting confused with the shapes because they looked the same to her.
She hoped it would charge quickly.
I drove to the house of the food that ordered the people.
Her boyfriend had left her for her best friend.
She liked to eat it dry.
They rented a small cabin on a lake and spent the rest of the trip fishing.
Timothy never studied and failed his test.
After a few minutes I knew I wouldn't be stopping for a very long time.
He decided to have his laundry sent out.
Roger looked out the door's window.
Tom valued his alcohol.
He went to the hardware store and bought the same style of tile that he used before.
I applied and was immediately hired for the position.
He watched the news and saw that a panda was born at the local Zoo.
So when she went on a date, she decided not to wear any.
She was nervous about playing and abandoned the game.
They were there to get a toy for her birthday.
He didn't really feel any pain due to sedation.
Everyone beat Tom easily.
He decided to practice swimming in the pool at the hotel before going into the ocean.
We love getting together but this year I couldn't make it.
He will not go to the dentist for it.
I was insufferable and cruel.
Dan looked on YouTube for some easy instructions.
After a long night of play we crawled into the tent but only pretended to be sleeping.
She couldn't afford to make an appointment with the salon.
I wanted to read a history book.
He forgot all about the balls when he saw the bikes.
She came to a store but candles were sold out.
We hiked there a lot for practice.
It proved to be a tremendously easy for him!.
The team failed to earn any points and lost handily.
He was unable to count past one.
She was going to install it herself.
He looked up a simple recipe online.
She wanted to submit one to a literary journal.
She decided to buy eight dozen.
The man was much older than him.
He refused to go with me.
The phone was starting to feel like it was burning up literally.
The boat broke suddenly and left it at a repairman.
He ran everywhere, except to the store.
He didn't much much money and so never did any work for free.
He was having a hard time but managed to carry them down safely.
He saw that his bully was also trying out and became discouraged.
She decides she wants to paint it green.
I had no interest so I closed the window.
The race was 50 meters long and I won.
She worked hard and always did the best she could.
He had a great time playing when he finally made it to the field.
He got gutter ball after gutter ball.
He went so fast, he lost his composure and looked embarrassing.
She decided to get a better job but she needed transportation but refused gifts.
They paid a lot for some premium steaks.
Amber decided to take the day off Friday and sleep all day.
She ended up leaving without the treatment.
I found it was hard to button my shirt.
His wife doesn't make a lot of money and he needs to look for a job.
Playing music was his only income.
The weather for the weekend looked bad so they canceled the trip.
It fit perfectly in the store when she dried it on a month ago.
She burnt it and made a terrible mess.
She decided to visit a new boutique that just opened.
He had a nice walk on the deck.
She refused to get on the scale fearing a big gain after she had a moment of weakness yesterday and ate an whole pizza.
Right after I was tackled hard and hit my head.
Iggy loved to bark at everything but when he saw the new cat, he ran and hid under the bed.
Jake's mom decided to ask the babysitter.
I noticed that my cat was very dirty.
Robbie never did get a cat.
May boss said I could exceed 70 characters per sentence.
I found my jeep and drove to the oasis.
She confirmed all the preparations and her party cake was already in the refrigerator.
Tomas decided to beat his max weight in squats.
She got her bowl of soup that she ordered.
Kara decided to get a full time job rather than go to college.
Except the last one she saw called The Ring.
He asked his secretary to prepare food for him.
She was excited, imagining it would look really small.
He went outside to lay by the pool.
He loves when his mom allows him to come outside alone.
Joe has just started playing guitar.
The area was very densely populated with many bright lights from buildings.
But when she opened the fridge, she didn't have any eggs.
With the extra money he bought himself a bicycle.
He also worked out a lot.
Amy got a puppy doll.
Her son had taken his first steps.
He picked up the suitcase that was definitely his.
Micah invited Matthew to go trick or treating with him and his cousins.
He ran out of gas before he could get to his local gas station.
He went out with friends to church.
His parents never made his go to church.
He liked to break into his parents liquor cabinet when they wasn't home.
He did not have any antivirus software on his computer.
Then she realized she'd forgotten to brush her hair.
While she was gone the dog ate all of Jeremy's food.
I enrolled at a special science class.
I was trying to buy apples.
I didn't have a Valentine, so I bought myself a box of chocolates.
After several surgeries, the leg gradually healed.
It didn't itch, so he didn't worry about it.
She didn't get the part but she did meet a nice actor who asked her out.
On his trip to Florida to visit relatives, they went into the city.
They went on a date to the park.
The power went out at the concert hall.
He never got to know her family.
She thought the questions were really easy.
I didn't have any money at all.
Recently, he was diagnosed to have cancer so he was not sent off to war.
he liked how the landscape looked.
She began to meditate to calm herself.
Her cruise got cancelled at the last minute.
A copy of the stories are emailed to me after submission.
When she got ready for a party she enjoyed wearing a lot of make-up.
Her grandma demanded an apology as a result.
It worked great.
He only wore them for special occasiona.
We were unable to do any work due to some severe weather.
HIs friends refused to visit him there.
He was going to show her bank fishing for the first time.
She placed a roll of quarters on the table.
One day he decided to take a tropical vacation in the Bahamas.
His wife gave him his sunglasses.
David had bad luck with jobs on mturk that was barely paid him.
While there she saw a hidden hiking trail.
I was proud of my looks and talent and wanted all my old boyfriends to know.
I walked to the counter and asked for a pack of gum.
It was just play fighting, Sparky and Kevin were best friends.
He fell over and banged his head.
His wife was fed up and left him.
Tom and his friends wanted to drink but they ran out of booze last night.
A large dog ran through and destroyed all their work.
All of the sudden, she felt her throat start to swell up and screamed for somebody to call 911.
Hy was never rescued from the brothel and died there.
But her mother refused.
She was going to bake her dinner.
And he kept on listening attentively.
She was very happy because she finished quickly and was able to go to bed early.
My dad was happy to retire early.
Mike didn't care for therapy, it didn't help him but talking to other people who were similar really did help.
They were watching a movie but both fell asleep.
He had a lot of experience with journalists.
He told his friends about it when he got home.
She didn't see the naked man in the sauna.
One day he was watching a dog through the window as he sat in his car.
He decided to used his old jeans.
He went to the store an was looking at all the nightlights he could buy.
She found one nearby.
Melly heard she was having a boy.
Turns out I was right!.
The owner of the house hired a company to remove the tree.
He figured it was probably because he had eaten way too much for lunch.
Ariel stuck to easy moves she knew how to do.
He bought ready made burger patties.
She stepped on a hot coals that someone covered with sand.
Aaron and Jake one day had an argument and never spoke again.
She went with her family every Sunday after church, but it was closed this week.
Angela is not allowed to ride them.
His girlfriend has broken up with him.
Steve got kicked in the groin by an angry horse.
He decided it would be good to take a nap.
His father is out in the ocean looking for fish.
She decided she would be a Storm Trooper.
He always kept his favorite cheese in his backpack.
There was a man lying in the middle of the road.
She decided to watch her favorite show.
She smartly turns her phone off during class to pay attention.
Nobody noticed the burning bus parked behind it.
I paid a maid to do them instead.
I needed one so I opened my door.
Lisa felt proud and happy.
She speaks English very fluently, and she was quite confident.
I can't think of a single name.
She practiced really hard and did a great job at the tryouts.
I offered to take his dog, Peggy, for a walk.
So he decided to take her to a cruise.
The two had packed plenty of food but no water!.
She found a book that she could use to learn to play.
David was receiving unwanted sales calls.
He jumped right into building them himself.
The forest trail was very quiet and serene.
It was the 4th of July, her favorite holiday.
She enjoyed moving schools constantly.
She used recipe she made based off of her mom's recipe.
He decided to warm up some lasagna.
Jamie had all the ingredients to make her grandma's chocolate cake.
Tammy never did lose a game.
She arrived in time to see the buses waiting for her.
They decided to get married in a church, and everyone was excited.
My Dad never taught me how to shoot a rifle properly.
First one of them told her friends I had bad eyes.
He got busy, and decided to go out to eat instead.
He thought about buying new clothes.
He had a new girlfriend the next day.
He was waiting to see the Postal Service's new 7-day delivery.
It was his first time having a "job" tied to his allowance.
I never name my cars.
She had tried to join the Peace Corp, but was denied.
He decided to act like he had gotten whiplash and sued the driver for not being able to work.
Offering his jacket to the cute girl, she feel comfort.
They decided to visit the Blarney Stone by car.
He got a part time job at a grocery store.
My dad was a Chef with a degree in culinary arts.
She is a psychic and when I need to know something, she tells me exactly what to do.
John was a skilled skater but hadn't been skating in a while.
The phone never rang.
She had to help pack her daughter's bags and say goodbye.
She keeps it in a safe spot.
She was attacked and carried away by a fox.
He went there because of his academic prowess.
I snuck out of the window to go for a ride with my boyfriend and got caught sneaking back in.
I am a hair stylist, so I'm a pro.
He couldn't stop going because he had diarrhea.
They were excited for all the gifts for christmas.
However, she decided that now was not a good time to reveal her secret.
He appealed to only to a few fringe groups of voters.
The sun was going down, so it wasn't hot.
He tried to take his girlfriend to a cruise.
As soon as she bent over to pick up the bag, she tripped but didn't hurt herself.
He swore he saw it moving around in the morning.
She bought a diet book and changed her eating habits to match her gym workouts.
Her parents wanted her to eat her vegetables.
He studies day and night, and passes the BAR exam.
There were big waves that day.
Amy decided to ask her crush out.
His mom got him a kitten.
He never asked her out.
She needed to be there to let him in to a rental property she owned, but had to drive from home.
I played with him last night.
They planned to meet at a theater for movie night.
It was sunny and cloudless.
They were at Dan's parents' house.
She made a stand, but she decided to sell punch instead.
Til one day Todd fried a pickle for him and he loved it.
Jason never got his book published.
Over the years, he visited the club so often, the deals more than paid for the membership.
There was usually a cross guard standing around with not much to do.
She was the goalie in soccer.
I was getting impatient and decided to walk to the next bus stop and I missed the bus completely.
He never imagined leaving the town.
Jeremy never has anyone to play his favorite game with.
He slipped while running.
I was able to make a vinegar solution to get rid of them.
Jack saw what he thought was a cluster of squirrels on a log.
I blew it all in Vegas.
She served her guests with her finest china plates.
Brian is known to be the best at Battleship.
Once I tried to stand near the table and did not use the chair.
He searches online but can't find any that meets his requirements.
His grandma had apples often, so he always got pie.
We plugged it in then turned it on.
It was weigh-in day, and she was calm because she lost a lot of weight.
He found an important box his friend had been looking for.
He put on his pants but they wouldnt fit.
Baths are one of Beaux's favorite things to do.
He never understood he didn't want to hang out with the other boys.
Her mother suggested it could be cancerous and should get tests.
Andy started to train in running so he could join track.
Lester walks outside and is amazed by how warm it is.
She decided to try a new dating site and met a man there.
But then little Em found a long worm in one of them.
Melissa and her boyfriend had a nice night at home.
She volunteered at an animal rescue shelter.
His son loved to watch the bands play.
I asked my teacher about it.
Since no one was around, she wasn't embarrassed.
Luckily she won the lottery and never complained again.
He turned on his computer but he didn't know it was broken.
They did not like to go skydiving.
She was a terrible cook and ruined everything except this turned out perfectly.
Once Sherry was sure everything was in place, she went to the store and found the perfect outfit.
Sam decided to wash it with just water.
They were at a hotel that night where Trina was robbed and shot.
Missy adopted a new cat for her family.
He made the best beer ever.
He was extremely nervous and forgot to wear his tie.
She went to McDonald's to grab some lunch.
Too much lead had contaminated our water and it's still not right after several years.
But she didn't like gambling so she stopped.
Evan nudged the tiger to jump through the hoop.
The fact that he didn't live near other houses didn't help.
He fell asleep and did not wake up until the test was over.
He decided to show his new card trick to his mother.
There was nothing there I hadn't already read.
Then he started being home schooled.
She decided to make a pizza.
He kept it and bought a new tv.
They set out their stockings, but could not sleep so they stayed up all night.
He was joking and went to sleep early.
Due to this, Ali decided to do home schooling instead of moving on to high school.
They always made every sweater just perfect.
Gina was sure they would tell her what a great time they had.
Dan decides that he is going to look at old pictures from home.
i bought more cat food.
I heard my closet door open.
Unfortunately for Metzen, every time he tried to do something evil, others prospered so they loved him.
She gave up and moved on.
Her lease was ending by the end of the year.
I knew that I wanted to volunteer at a homeless shelter.
He did not receive any payment.
Ted was asked to prom by a girl as shy as him.
Her friends were so fond of Wendy, they played with her all night.
He wasn't very good at coding, though.
He'd got a wound when he fell in his bike.
He makes his bed every day.
I crashed into a bear going about 65 miles per hour.
Jim was not ready to propose to Sue so held off on getting her a ring.
However, he wanted to quit.
I had my friend open it.
He didn't have anything to do.
Carrie never gave her dog any pastries despite her cries.
His dad stopped to check their boat hitched to the car.
He was rich, and had enough money to buy a new building.
On his way home he fell off his bike and dropped it in a puddle.
He thought they were disgusting and was revolted by them.
She was picking up her 12 year old twin grandchildren from school.
He had a sense of fear and decided not to explore the cave.
She worked very hard but she was a terrible poet and even Matt and Dee wouldn't tell her.
After camping for one day, Vince began to feel safe.
The vet said the dog is very healthy.
His friends helped him dig.
They were enjoying the food when it rained so they had to went back home.
He lost the vote in a landslide.
She got her laptop out to prepare.
No one showed up for the party.
He was not very interested in the project and didn't bother doing anything.
His friend was better than him.
She lost an old end table that she really liked.
She realized it was Saturday, and went back to sleep.
It was tough to learn all the different chords.
The show was at 8 am though so he had to be up late.
She never practiced and lost her skills.
She'd never been to an anti-war protest where riot police showed up.
One day, they decided it would be fun to explore their own city.
They were sent to Poland for 5 years when she was a kid.
Nick's wife was worried the kids would grow up without him.
She started her car and started driving.
He called and asked if she could recommend a dentist.
She did this because her parents passed away when she was a small child.
She was pretending to be a pitcher.
He decides to put his efforts into self-employment and freelancing.
The other day, I saw him eat an entire pizza along with a side salad.
After lots of therapy he could walk normal again.
Her mom suggested she call her grandmother and ask for some.
That was because she was Muslim, so she couldn't eat ham.
Henry thought his teacher was incompetent and told the principal.
He decided to go for a run in the woods.
When she got in the car it exploded.
Steve benches 100, and decided it would be too hard to do 200 pounds.
Jim accidentally left his wallet at home.
She had been teaching for four years.
It was my turn and I picked truth.
But I didn't let my bad mood show at home.
She only played once a week.
She got a ripe banana and went on a bike ride.
It said a Windows Surface was for sale, only three hundred dollars.
He wanted to take a nap instead.
Someone suggested that they make a pizza.
My son had thrown his plate across the room.
She forgot to turn the oven on when she put it in.
He stayed on the dock and sank like a stone.
She found a screwdriver to open the door.
So I decided to ask my parents.
After left without a book and without paying for her old ones.
Suddenly a park ranger approached her camp site.
I called the Doctor.
She went to a dog shelter first.
The first exhibit they went to see were the mummy's.
Part of his tattoo had changed color and he grew worried.
He is unable to save enough money for the big trip.
They needed field personnel, but the passed over us in favor of two other students.
He didn't know his baby brother existed until the day he graduated college.
Alice listened to her travel agent and rented a car instead.
Two of the friends were really competitive and an argument ended up with one of them leaving.
Since I was on a meeting, I wasn't able to answer the phone.
He did realize he still needs training in order to be faster than everyone in state.
She was visited by a college recruiter.
Suddenly, he heard some cawing.
One day I got a 100 piece puzzle to work on.
He was originally from Hawaii.
I was feeling sick so I went home instead.
All of the movies at the theater were comedies.
The owner hired Paul right on the spot.
She took it to the beach by herself.
So he got on his motor bike and rode until he came to a stop sign.
I found out they were all true friends when they were there for me during my darkest time.
My roommate fell really ill with diabetes.
we had the police called on us a few times and were asked to stay off the campus.
The line is not that long.
Timmy fixed the computer so he did not get a new one.
She had to use a cane.
Her children came out to help.
Christa didn't want to go visit them.
He snoozed his alarm five times and had to run out the door without eating.
I realized that I had a flat tire.
We left on a wild goose chase looking all over for it.
She began to think about the man's wife and what they were doing to her and how ashamed she was.
She was determined to let it grow out.
She made posters and campaigned for the shy boy instead of herself.
she was very slow but perfect.
He didn't want to put in the effort.
He kept the tank in his garage and rarely drove it.
She couldn't look online.
Each time they take pictures at the same location.
She was too shy to join any groups.
Millie never found any pants and started wearing skirts.
The audition dates doesn't fit any of my schedule.
But she decided to be truthful and handed the key to her mother.
Her mom did not allow her to have it because she is not at her right age.
Yesterday, his upstairs neighbor asked if he could come listen.
He went to a rally competition to watch professional drivers.
She knew it was the new candle on her nightstand.
She was only competing with her rival.
He wanted to take her to the amusement park.
The zucchini was bad from bugs eating on it.
The garbagemen picked it up right away.
Fred left the train station because the trains were behind schedule.
The mules hated pulling the plow for the farmer.
She cooked an amazing chicken dinner.
He noticed a very colorful small caterpillar and picked it up.
I was scared because I thought it was made from real birds, so I passed on trying it.
He found his harness under his car seat.
It was our anniversary.
He got a cab that never got pulled over.
Terek decided to put a camera in to see who was doing it and found it was his so-called friend, trying to get him fired.
She listened to music that all the popular kids listened to.
When she got there, everything was exactly as she remembered.
It was from her kitchen.
We got in a huge fight on the way there and he took me back home.
They came out rotten unfortunately.
He couldn't find any rocks in the yard.
He was not that good.
She went alone.
She gave a mite to a homeless man on the street.
He ride down a small dirt road together with his friends.
The awards for the 8th graders were announced last.
One night Fred went inside our home.
Her local coffee shop was open and nearby.
When she got home, she couldn't find the ticket.
He had a condition which made him completely bald.
Ed loved hiking and met a young woman who was also hiking and they hiked home together.
The edge cracked when it hit the ground.
He broke his hand and had to quit sculpting.
They got a really good spot.
He had no desire to try.
I have been following the local basketball team.
He got out before everyone.
Erin went to the pool.
Lucy hates catnip toys.
But Jacob's mom called him to accompany him to some emergency matters.
He was a poor drug user.
He had a large paper map of the area.
She always kept it hanging in the closet.
He decided to fly in a plane instead.
He refused to call his internet company to discuss his options.
He fell asleep before the dancers even came on stage.
It had been getting fat eating people's discarded scraps.
He went to the front desk and talked when he reached the building.
He broke up with her very publicly.
My circle of friends and family weren't ever affected but I heard some real horror stories.
sara got up really quick and headed to the kitchen.
There was a man and another man on the other side of the table.
Sam found the cat and brought it to Debra.
He found it lying on the ground.
He didn't bring his helmet so he wasn't doing any tricks today.
He was very aware of his surroundings, watching all the goats cautiously.
There were many commendations made about Janet.
Jason called his mother and told her what happened.
George had told us he is on a diet.
She joined a gym but never went.
She decided to boil some eggs.
I lost the ring I bought.
All of the chickens go in without a problem.
They had a lot of harmless fun.
When she was 25, she decided she will never go back to Hawaii.
Jim went with his 8 year old parrot.
But they didn't have time because a test was coming up.
One day, she needed a huge amount of money so she sold the necklace.
One day, he decided to quit drinking coffee cold turkey because of the caffeine.
Oishi had always been a poor man.
She gave them to a man at the dump who collected them.
Elizabeth overslept the next morning and missed her exam.
As the train stops, Marge saw trees splendid in winter colors.
He was so relieved when he found out it was a misdiagnosis.
She had been helping people in need.
His kids were running in circles around him.
He knocked on wood and managed to live his entire life without being in an avalanche.
Jill mentioned she was on a new diet.
He turned it off and went to sleep at night.
Our parents always considered the dogs part of the family.
They were cross-country skiing across a wide open plain.
He wished he had cookies and milk to enjoy.
One day, she called her hair salon but the number was disconnected.
I had enough money for tickets.
She, as it turned out was way better than her mother.
She had her tea set out on a picnic blanket.
The flight was delayed, so they decided to take a bus instead.
She was new at this campus and didn't have many friends yet.
He was good even though he only had one arm.
She stepped on some glass and hurt her paw.
She wouldn't unlock the door to let her siblings inside.
I also loved art and wanted to teach painting.
I fell down the stairs because I was running too fast.
I'm not planning to do my taxes.
Unfortunately, when he got home, his mom wasn't there.
I did well until my semester project and then I failed completely.
He changed his mind when he saw it was snowing outside.
Tina was early to the party.
He never visited any place outside the USA.
He then decided to do homework.
He felt like no one thought he was good looking.
Luckily his crush also hated the movie theatre.
He decided to go skydiving for the first time and it was exhilarating.
Tina befriended him.
She got scared and ran away.
Val followed and asked her if she was okay to make sure she wasn't sick.
Her voice sounded perfect, however.
I had slept in so I didn't need a nap.
The apartment passed the inspection and nothing needed to be replaced.
He came across an old car next to the trail.
Emily hated her drawing, and tossed it in the bin.
Everyone was not informed.
She told her mother, Cecilia, about this fear.
They were going to fish.
She let him pick out his favorite color.
Sometimes he will eat certain foods.
He decides to borrow a bowtie.
He remembered everything about desserts and made it quickly.
I went from a middle school to being homeschooled so I was never able to make friends.
I skated really well.
After lunch, they went to the library.
His neighbor let him borrow some software to practice.
She was excited to got go to the prom with her best friend Jack.
Her teacher gave an assignment which Amy declined to do.
Allie's step-sister loved her.
They play racing games a lot and it gets competitive.
I came home quickly since I had nothing to do.
She decided to take it back up and start an online business selling her knitted products.
She was growing older so decided to visit a sperm bank for donors.
He enjoyed being around dangerous animals.
Alex wanted to have some French Toast and his mother was making it for him.
The owners of the house liked them for the shade.
She decides that she needs to throw all of her laundry away.
He's never seen one before.
He was very nervous and cancelled the appointment.
She had a great voice and had made more than enough money.
When she spilled the paint and ran out before she finished.
Tim wanted to play the drums.
I couldn't stop thinking about moving up to the next weight class.
She had come to love her job and would never compromise.
He was thrown in jail.
He never heard back, not even for an interview.
I realized I was still holding my car keys.
Greg decided try online, but still failed.
Despite his horrible weight, his health was quite good.
Sara's dad was injured and hospitalized, but luckily insurance paid it off.
We were going on a luxury cruise.
She happily walked to school enjoying the sun.
He was disappointed by the trickery involved and decided not to do it, he thought it was really magic.
He said he only liked saucy things.
Adaline did not like Chaz.
She became hungry and ate all of it by the time she got home.
Fortunately for her all of the orders came in before Christmas.
He wanted to go to a play with his buddies.
Her daughter wakes up crying, asking her not to go.
It was a six block walk.
We stayed home and the kids made their own baskets and we filled them with goodies.
She decided to eat at the soup kitchen.
Suddenly, the clock hit midnight.
Dine started working from home so she could stay with Avery.
A police officer politely informed her it was a no-smoking zone.
She grabbed her luggage from the terminal by herself.
He cancelled his appointment with the dentist.
He sits and wonders if it was real.
My husband wasn't giving me the attention I needed.
He was stationed in the US for most of it.
But his work did not allow him the day off.
He plans to play professional baseball afterwards.
One day Charly decided to paint a house.
He didn't gamble but he did have a good time.
She realized she did not have enough money in her account.
She knew which bus to take to get closest to her street.
Her mother was making fruit pies.
Her mom had just told her she was going to be a big brother.
Her coach would be supportive no matter what happened.
She made it three more semesters before dropping out again.
She decided to go to the hospital in the middle of the night.
The apartment next to mine was bug free.
He looked at her recent yearbook photo.
It was a tradition for all the stores to hand out candy to kids to keep them safe.
But she always spoke to him.
I answered the door but no one was there, so I unplugged the bell.
She decided to have a therapy for it.
She realized after asking that she had the ingredients in her fridge to make his favorite meal.
Tom started keeping crates of bottled water in his basement.
Erin likes to do the experiment alone.
On the way, she got stuck in traffic.
My new phone can do the laundry.
Even though WWE came to his town he could not afford it.
The family treated her bad and she left.
She had been dying it purple for 4 years now.
She showered and got ready for bed.
I learned later that Mark blamed me for the breakup of his marriage.
He always bought ice cream for all the neighborhood kids.
The team trained for months, but backed out of for the upcoming climb.
I went at 6pm but they said they were out of lasagna so I left.
The dog turned out to be in poor health and soon passed away.
She was confident because she had ridden a bike many times before.
He could not hear the motor click on, and nothing happene.d.
He took about an entire day to get his shopping done.
He'd insisted they need a pilot to do it.
The customers hated his antics and he was a famously bad waiter.
They walked past the house of Amy's crush John.
But she does not have plans on pursuing it.
He knows that he has to hurry to get in his carpool.
Only to realize it was actually her roommate turning on the light telling her she was late for work.
His mother had told him it would make Freddy sleep soundly.
A rich friend of hers gifted her a new car.
She studied the news, but couldn't get into college.
The teacher lent it to Amy without hesitation.
She made a casserole from scratch.
He applied on an ESL class.
One day he fell and broke his thumb.
He didn't bother searching for any out of state jobs.
We picked up the kids at school and made our way to the YMCA.
They had fun carefully stacking the rocks.
She finally decided to steal some shoes in the mall.
She had a great job that gave her free tickets.
She had been hand writing it all week.
Unfortunately it was so cold he couldn't.
I realized that half of it was missing from the bottle.
She went to the automatic car wash.
He decided to try out for a select baseball team but they do not allow him to try out.
He went to the nurse's office and got his knee examined.
Suddenly she felt her jacket yanked from her arms.
She took them all to a Mexican resturant.
It was made of a more traditional material that supposedly lasted longer.
She would make blankets and pillows.
They already had a van, but this was their first kid.
Before he could get too far from his house, it started raining heavily, so he turned around.
One day, a neighbor boy looked through the fence gate.
It was boring, and we left early.
He was not even chosen to be an extra.
He saw a sign that said all shorts were 50% off.
He gave up after glancing at Google's developer page.
Her next goal was learning to tie her shoes and started on that right away.
She had more than enough money for the one she wanted, bought it, and went home.
He was great at reading and he liked the sermons.
The news told every residence that the storms would pass.
They were her favorite but doesn't know how to bake one.
She was confident and won the big meet.
He was so scared by the warnings that he refused to go outside during the eclipse.
They were incredibly a pain in her feet.
It was too dangerous to take a photograph even before the situation deteriorated.
They decided to makes a series of funny drawings of their classmates.
She sold it to a friend.
They are fun and she realized that they are not bad as she thinks.
They drove out to the park to walk around.
He decided to move his family to Iaho.
It accidentally burnt to a crisp in a house fire.
When Jimmy got home shortly after he also wanted to play.
His car was super fast.
He felt very sick so he was not able to review any chapter.
She went to the grocery store to find some alternatives to pork for the dinner she was making that night.
I had a terrible knee injury and have to use a bedpan at night for a week.
She was bored and wanted to see her friends.
Luckily I knew one of my coworkers and they had told me what to do.
I don't like international dishes so I probably won't go there.
It was no longer sticky.
She didn't realize how late it was getting so she rushed home and made a healthy dinner.
One day he noticed that her stomach had gotten very large.
Tom hated going to it as a child.
A constant ringing from his alarm clock, which had gone off early.
She set a daily reminder so she always brush her teeth everyday..
She had woken up late.
She wanted to open a business but decided to wait until she felt more confident.
He kept it on his head.
I wore a white shirt with my favorite red shoes.
His girlfriend was devastated.
His house was a 2 year old mansion that was up to date and immaculate.
He loved to do it as a form of physical exercise.
The family had been having a hard time but managed to recently win the lottery.
He needed some music and manged to find some classical music.
It was the last day of school.
I really hated doing it.
She told the girls in her dorm her underarms always felt weird.
The horse stomped on her head and killed her.
I enjoy playing video games but stopped for a while to please my mom.
He signed up with a gym that had boxing.
She had a nice little pen so she put him into it so he could get used to everything in the house.
It sells all kinds of war games.
I wanted to find a table.
Today, Sandy lost part of her braces.
He usually made high-effort, high quality gaming videos.
She was making pigs in a blanket and couldn't wait to eat it.
He wouldn't open up a checking account for him.
He is not very self conscious about it.
They were lazily floating on a raft.
Suddenly, my brother changed the channel.
I did not like the texture of the sand between my fingers.
She had always liked flowers much, but this gift made her hate them.
One summer day they noticed there was no plants anywhere.
He went to college for it and got a job as a commercial artist right away!.
Tina cleaned her room spotless so she could get her present.
He noticed it was coming from his shoes.
As the episode wore on, he loved every minute of the show.
He heard about a documentary on elephants playing at the local theatre.
He was an architectural student.
However, they have to cancel the trip due to a terrorist attack happened in Santa Fe.
Dessert was her specialty.
She was hired on the spot.
She did not want to leave her dad.
He owned his own taxi service.
But today she had a stomach ache and didn't eat anything.
He had put it in and waited until it was cooked.
He screamed it must be Frisbees!.
She already had all of the ingredients.
His parents were only 5 foot 3, and had also passed on their friendly nature to Braydin.
He was a homeless old an.
The water was perfect and they spent most of the day kayaking.
He decided to volunteer at a pet shelter.
She was afraid of most of the animals until she saw a giraffe and fell in love.
She was scrubbing food off of the floor.
Jennie recently started feeling closer to Tom and the kids.
The leaves wouldn't turn or fall for a while yet.
She never shopped there.
He put her in the high chair for a snack.
He liked the country from the many times he had been there recently for their beaches.
He was really nervous and she said no.
She has an iron stomach.
He was telling that he doesn't have a huge amount with him.
He's named after the food Molly always gives him in the barn.
She was listening to music.
For her hen party, her friends took her to a bar on karaoke night.
But he was clumsy and rarely landed a punch.
It is at this city building and they hold it in the conference room.
He told her to go at her own pace and passed her a joint but she refused to smoke.
She could get any dress as her rich friend is buying.
While inside the church she paid attention to the pastor that much.
Bill was in the Air Force.
On December 1st, they all met at the lodge for some coffee.
He refused to get on one with friends.
She had too much business and loved it.
He goes before sunrise, so there is never anyone else in the park.
Today was no exception.
He wanted to find every secret and never stop playing it.
I refuse to wear pants as well.
He worked in video production for them.
Her dad had been up all night.
She made many customers happy.
She had no blinds so I had the sun glaring in my eyes.
My wife couldn't find the broom.
He had not been sleeping and it was effecting his performance.
He was leaving his apartment.
Sheila got tired of the pranks, and stopped for good.
He was the first string.
He had knee surgery to fix it.
He jumped up on to his owner's bed the second her alarm went off.
I looked at the size.
It was from his best friend.
He bought some natural food that was tainted and wanted the store to pay for his dog's vet bills.
But he now makes money as an accountant instead due to a hand injury.
John tried baseball instead.
I was unable to sell them because I lost them forever.
Mike put sunscreen on Fred.
She realized that her inbox was emptied of spam.
He tripped and skinned his knee outside his kindergarten classroom.
She wanted to make sure he got fresh air every day.
I couldn't seem to get anything today.
She realized it tasted just as good as the water she was spending a fortune on.
Things were going well until the catered food didn't arrive.
He already tried the best prescription medicine available.
He had terrible credit and they would not give him a loan.
My belongings were all safe back at home.
When decorating, she made a big mistake and painted the room with glow in the dark paint.
Notre Dame had built a huge lead heading into the half.
She spent every summer on the Appalachian Trail.
It was the smallest they ever built.
Sentence 2: The reservoir was luckily drained.
One day she saw a porcupine sitting on her porch.
Nancy did not mow the lawn though.
She almost ran smack dab into a tree across it.
He is well behaved.
Shannon never told him to be careful.
As she got older, Angel decided she would rather be a scientist.
There was a hurricane a week before my trip and I had to cancel it.
We went to the movies together.
He chose to go to the classes, to avoid getting in trouble.
It was a cocktail party and he made lots of drinks.
Inspecting the drum heads, he came across a rip in the snare.
He said someone opened his window.
He was very excited and eager to start but the tutor did not show up.
He didn't use lotions or see the point in worrying about his skin.
He had not been studying at all.
He had a hairdresser friend who did it for free.
His favorite job is the salaried job he does at a software development company full-time.
She cried when she saw any animal in distress.
She had second thoughts and canceled the hair appointment.
Cameron had never been so sad in his life but he did have Sparky's son to raise.
He was supposed to visit next week.
She couldn't even afford a car, but still helped anyone she could.
He had plenty of sugar.
I called a repairman to help fix the problem, and he succeeded!.
It was really sunny out.
He watched as the body was loaded into an ambulence and then rode with the body to the morgue.
Even so his job was easy.
He heard someone call out for help.
They were losing so much now, he stopped caring about going to the games.
He found it possible to find a job during that time.
But he was too lazy to do anything about it.
Him and his friends were very competitive playing the games.
He grabbed something to eat out of the fridge.
She thought it would be difficult to get used to ice skating.
She wanted a cute red one for Spring.
His wife was desperate to help him, so she asked a counselor to come to their home.
He was thinking about his future and decided to drop out to start a business.
Everyday she wished she had money so she could buy some at the store.
She said she was from Hawaii.
I noticed he had something stuck in his ear.
He enjoyed singing in the children's choir.
Everyone knew the lake was fully frozen since the hockey tournament already happened there.
It was a beautiful summer day.
It was a sunny day.
There was no warning at the beginning about disturbing content.
He didn't get to see the acrobats flip and fly through the air.
He went to the police station, but decided not to fill out an application.
Her husband was still very attracted to her.
It does not have it's owne kitchen.
She put him up to her breast to latch.
Laura does not want to go.
It powered right up.
Three hours after leaving, the sea was still calm.
She has a bubbly personality and gets a long with everyone.
And she was really anxious to try them so she ate a couple before setting them out on the table.
Suzy made sure to play fairly.
It was winter and all the trees were dead.
She moved it to the dryer and loaded dark colored laundry next.
He loves his hat and wears it everywhere.
His friend drove his car and brought him home.
She goes on a cruise every winter.
The ball landed in the goal, causing Bill's team to win the game.
He was the most experienced of the squad.
He ran upstairs to play.
His toothbrush was very new.
The instruments were too cheap for my family.
It was heavy and outdated so we gave it to Goodwill and bought another.
His dad loved calamari.
She knew it would be cold as she put ice in it.
He was able to get instruction in the oboe at his school.
He told her there will be leaving in a moment.
He enjoyed sculpting futuristic landscapes.
One of my worst times eating pizza was in New York.
She came to the office very early.
Everywhere he walked, people wished to touch his finely groomed head of hair.
She could not afford to buy another one.
Harry was eager to sell them to pay for rent.
Tila decided to go for a boat ride with her grandfather out on the ocean.
The fish died before he even took it out of the bag.
Suddenly he heard a knock on the door.
She answered an ad on Craigslist.
He couldnt find anything he liked.
She couldn't get a loan for that.
They don't serve free coffee.
She couldn't get her meds.
He couldn't find a way to reconcile the two so he chose cosmetics.
One morning, his daughter woke up and felt too sick to go into day care.
The children couldn't sing or dance, so they cheered.
John loved Mary and her friends.
He knew things weren't going well.
The kids were kicking his butt.
She looked everywhere and found the smell was some rotting food.
Though he liked adventure cartoons, this was a funny kids story.
Karyn listened patiently and did well.
She wanted to find a gadget that could help her.
He was in Italy once until he was kicked out of the country and had to go back to the U.S.
However, it just didn't work for me, so I'm done.
She went outside to get some fresh air.
She asked me if I was feeling okay.
He applied some Newskin that healed his feet quickly.
They were both single and thought they might meet some nice guys at the bar.
Her hair was very short and the brush couldn't grab it.
They were going to the factory where they made Converse shoes.
They convinced her to swim a lap.
There was nothing that caught her eye.
He decided to learn to play the saxophone.
None of the kittens survived beyond the first week.
Bill tried but was too scared to give it to her.
She wished she had a big pot of it.
He was pleased they were nicely manicured.
All of a sudden it started snowing.
As I crawled along the freeway I heard sirens and lights.
But deep down she trusted him.
He tripped and broke his arm.
He noticed an ad for a concert starting that night.
He was late to work.
He kept forgetting to water them.
She didn't put it on her list to Santa, but assumed she would get one without telling anyone.
On a particularly narrow bend, he held back a sneeze.
She enjoys helping people even if they don't have money.
She finally realized she was trying to play right-handed when she was left-handed and it made a huge difference.
Mother Teresa couldn't make miracles happen.
The day was bright and sunny.
He ordered a taco.
He thought it tasted very refreshing.
He drove to Germany.
She used a new toothbrush every day.
George thought she was a terrible kisser so he dumped her.
When she came home she saw a birds nest in the corner of the room.
He went back into his house.
To celebrate I decided to buy new jewelry.
She managed to remember that her friend's last name was Jackson.
I was pleased that I hadn't gain any weight.
It spooked me so I stayed away from it.
Her mom didn't have the money to spare so she said no.
He was looking to buy an engagement ring for his girlfriend by robbing the place.
It made her feel like a little pig so she quit doing it.
I invited all my friends but no one attended.
It was manually operated with no battery.
She wanted to have him put down.
She was really confident and didn't care what anyone thought.
Will went to a plant nursery and bought a young bush.
They saw a huge tiger in an enclosure.
They forgot to bring paper money to burn at the graves of family members.
Will decided to not do anything about it.
She only does physical therapy for the bursitis and arthritis.
She stayed home from school.
He told no one about it.
There was always interesting people on it.
She immediately went to put away her bread.
Despite his size, he was the best shooter on the team.
He asked his dad, the scientist, why they didn't exist anymore.
He drove to the park to watch them play.
Jon decided to do part-time work at a clothing store to save more money.
By loving girls so much, he gave them jobs and gave them rides in his car.
To get an apple.
She did a breathing technique to tire herself out, and fell asleep.
My wife did not invite her family.
She knew where they were going to pick up her dad.
Unfortunately she couldn't afford a camera of her own.
He has been working there for 10 years before being fired.
His car made it all the way through with no problem.
She licked the object out of her own paw.
They were getting married in her parents estate gardens.
He opened the beer at home.
Velma loved Gameboy very much.
They year, I am excited to cook all day and shop at stores in the night.
He loves jogging the most.
She tried getting the ingredients together but did not have everything she needed.
Just before her next appointment, she did not need new glasses anymore.
One day the company's stock started rising up.
Pat was looking for a way to become more sad.
Someone noticed a perfect bridge over a ditch.
He thought he was getting paid so he had no complaints with his boss.
Will's dad didn't have a history of skin cancer.
Suddenly the little boy picked up a handful popcorn.
They were raising money for a friends surgery.
Since then, Emma had been terrified of being alone at home.
He thought that it was all he needed.
He just paid his electric bill.
Suddenly she saw a box of cheese crackers on the shelf.
A son fell asleep happily in his father's arms.
When we went to leave it started to rain.
Their maid got all the ingredients ready.
He realized he didn't know much about them.
They swapped ghost stories and ate snacks and left happily in the morning.
I invested it wisely for the long-term.
His career ended after he was shocked by electricity.
Bob never went anywhere and didnt work.
Since their progress across France has slowed down.
He wanted a dog so he got the landlord's permission.
I checked the box and it was addressed to my neighbor.
I just went outside to watch a movie.
He sat in his hospital bed, his last words were "I love you".
It was a movie.
Little Sarah didn't have chocolate chips, so she made sugar cookies instead.
I hadn't had a customer all day.
Yesterday, two customers applied for jobs.
She was having a boy.
I went down carefully.
Their daughter would never cry.
He didn't see the child running around the pool.
He couldn't complete the entrance application.
Jill missed a soccer goal and lost the game in gym class.
He spent way too much time away from his family.
They were all dismayed and is wanting to make a complains.
Barry decided to blow off taking the test.
His wife never knew how much money was coming in.
It was closing for the night.
They had been friends for a long time and still were.
One day, they had a fight and decided to break up.
His internet was high speed so he watched Netflix.
She had been at her grandparents' house for a week.
He knew the name of the song after hearing it once.
It was ham and cheese, his favorite.
He was looking for a job and found a high-paying one immediately.
It turned out to be a false alarm.
She was thrilled and won.
Two stray dogs were outside his door.
Her half Asian nieces wouldn't come to the wedding.
I walked the mall for a little bit and drove back home.
Her kids were always at the door waiting for her.
He was not available go with her on account of his work schedule.
He saw what he immediately recognized as a squirrel fighting a snake.
As she waited for the performance, she carefully set up a camera to record the performance.
One day they played outside together.
The squirrel bit his had looking for nuts.
Will was looking forward to it.
He decided to go in there but he took a bat and a compass to make sure he made it back home.
They had just landed a big contract.
He cleaned the whole house that day.
He thought it was going to be extremely exciting.
They agreed on a color to use at the store.
He was enjoying dinner with his family after a long week at work.
Kate smiled at him and introduced him to her boyfriend.
My friends and I were wrestling on the pavement.
It was the second week of practice.
I was biking through the park at a slow pace scouting animals.
My brother is tech savvy and immediately knew how to fix it.
He studied all day and he was very confident that he will pass the test.
Sara refused so her mom went by herself.
He asked for a ride from his father but he said he had to work that day.
Her lease made her pay extra to have pets.
Predominantly it has been natural.
Her hand couldn't find the snooze button.
He had been saying he felt sick so needs to stop playing for a while.
She decides to retire on the spot.
Her pickiness started to always get her what she wanted.
His grandfather was an excellent driver.
He realized he was out of ranch dressing.
Madison was excited to work with chocolate and blueberries.
So she went to the shelter and fell in love with a three-legged mutt.
She was getting ready to move.
He woke up early.
Even if he didn't help her get better in cross country.
He was loosing heavily.
One day Rita encountered a woman in a suit who she had given a ticket.
He would have a large slice at dinner every night.
He never shed tears from onions.
He was so nervous that he cancelled at the last minute.
She and her mom went to see the new musical play at the theater.
Her first two courses had been great, and she only had the main course left.
He went to the same barber he'd gone to for years who always did a great job.
The judge announced that Kia won the meet.
She decided to stop by her physician's office before going to work.
Someone was calling for help.
He only had soda in the fridge.
His birthday wasn't for months.
She was on the school newspaper in high school and college, which helped her land her dream job at a fashion magazine.
He had studied the book all week.
She has been knitting a blanket as a surprise gift for her friend.
She was very calm and honest with Tim.
Her mom drove her to school.
I missed the whole game.
But Tom still left her.
He decided to get on his bed.
I told him not to bother asking me to come.
Glenn had forgotten about this until the week before it.
The toddler cried and did not like the new toy.
He was very poor but his games did well on the market.
His parents were very supportive of his story writing talents.
He even purchased a tanning bed so that he doesn't have to see the sun.
He hated playing football and soon switched sports to play tennis.
He was so nervous he passed out and fell on the floor.
I broke up with my boyfriend and it really was me...I couldn't take him anymore.
When she graduated, she decided to start using blue ink.
It was the only thing she had to do that day.
He is always sick and absent.
There was a large rest stop ahead and he parked there.
She saw a skinny white dog.
He decided to try and fix it because he's an experienced plumber.
He got tired of riding.
She felt it was too risky to continue and decided not to have another match.
Jamey swam around for hours.
Amanda couldn't afford to take an acrobatic fitness class.
His sister called and told him to pick up wine.
Max gave Emma a sweet little kiss on the cheek.
His wife had been on life support for 3 years.
I hadn't booked my flight soon enough and had to pay double what I expected.
One day he came home with a scarecrow already cut and colored.
She figured it was nothing serious.
He loved using his telescope, but saw nothing unusual.
Still he didn't spend most of his days worrying about immigrants and racial purity.
He'd gotten separated from his crew and lost his phone on a hike.
He had a birthday coming up so they bought him a frozen pizza.
She saw a shooting star and made a wish.
She decided on something healthy so she made a big salad with lots of veggies and lemon.
It wasn't until his wife left all of them that Luke started spending more time with his children.
Jim caught 12 perch.
His wife was friendly and had an easy time making friends.
It was working perfectly.
Since my class was next door, I took my time.
I was rushing to finish getting my case together for court.
The wiring was brand new.
Terry usuallly did mind it but today several dogs broke their leash.
Mom and dad kept it small to save on bills.
I didn't know what to get him so I asked my brother.
Angel and her boyfriend were both sick of each other and decided to break up.
She was sitting on the stoop with a few of her relatives.
She decided to make him a collage instead.
They were all very well behaved and acted similar.
His phone had never run out of battery.
She cannot find what she was looking for so she left the store.
After replacing them with water, people started asking for refunds.
She was excited, she planned for it.
He had fallen and broke his leg back home.
He was a musical genius who rocked the music world and poor Mathias was absolutely tone deaf.
I opened it and found a leaking juice box.
They had a lot of fans.
She decided to leave the store and return when her husband could come with her.
Unfortunately, he had already promised his sister Sally he'd help her shopping.
Before going to the bus station,I packed everything I need.
She never broke a bone.
His wife quickly took him to the hospital, where they said he was fine and sent him right back home.
Her grandmother bought them all the time, but her mother baked them.
Kristy was dating a boy named Mark.
It was a small baying as if from a tiny kitten.
I never realized air mattresses were so awful.
She couldn't find any items that fit her.
As they inched along the wide corridors, the walls started to widen even more.
I responded right away.
Sam didn't often ride his bike and had forgotten how and kept falling off.
She was going to dump some trash.
My boss gave me a glowing review.
His best friend got sick but he didn't.
She had been asked to the prom by a popular boy.
She was new to class and didn't know anybody.
My boyfriend was sitting next to me on the phone.
He lived off-campus and took the bus to school.
They light the last cigar and finished smoking it.
She was introduced to a baby.
They were not playing any games.
He couldn't go because he can't afford to travel.
She already had all the ingredients for spaghetti in her pantry.
Her doctor warned that the baby might come early.
But she wanted to have a pancake for breakfast.
He didn't see another vehicle while on the road patrolling.
The dog peed immediately, as usual.
She had been practicing with her father for months and had become very good.
He noticed his best friend.
She held it but did not light it.
She was hired to do Tina's hair for a special event.
I hated commuting so I lived on campus.
Luckily it did not break.
Walter drank and smoked heavily and refused to quit so the doctor said he couldn't help him.
Timmy noticed some cash sticking up out of the grass.
She couldn't find the ingredients listed in the instructions.
They saw the elephants.
All the swings were in use so he played handball.
She bought an digital watch because it was the cheapest.
They decided to go home early.
She loved it!.
But, one day, he decided to drive his car for carpooling to work.
This was his first time taking the test.
They'd sip plain hot chocolate and just enjoy it together.
In 1992, two rude brothers in their 20s lived on the third floor.
She decided to purchase two clothes.
The road was isolated with no bike or walking paths.
The summer heat knocked out the power, and internet.
He tried to move the rock but it wouldn't budge.
Except for the weather here in New England in the fall.
We didn't expect any kids, so we didn't buy any candy.
She was very shy and never uttered a single word.
He could afford to buy another car but opted to walk to work instead because he now feared driving.
His doctor scheduled him for an eye operation.
He had worked with her at the elder's shelter.
He texted his roommate the number.
Joshua was afraid of it and went to look at the sheep instead.
She backed out, and got snacks instead.
They ran away from the house out of fear, uninterested in the source of the noise.
He hated that girl.
She had big plans to go to an amusement park.
She put the bow on a gift and started to wrap another.
She preferred forums to social media and didn't have any social media accounts.
He never go back swimming at the lake.
To my surprise there were no girls I liked there.
One day he was absent for no reason.
Last night he turned on the heat.
Our son did not have many friends.
She didn't get depressed over it.
His friend bought some quality bullets.
As a only child he loved dying eggs with his parents.
He would sing "this is Halloween" from the Tim Burton movie.
He had a snack and then rode his bike over to his friend's house.
However, Alicia was excited to be seeing the kangaroo exhibit.
Every morning he went out to his doorstep to throw the newspaper.
Henry couldn't decide on a clown name so he decided to change professions.
They had signed up for a dance class.
She bought the cutest new shoes.
She does not want a two-year gym membership.
He researched various brands online and read reviews, making notes on his computer.
Sonny was her best friend even though she was older.
Her friends made her go to a roller rink.
Me and my brother got annoyed with her and took her computer away.
She only want to borrow one book.
Along the way my gas tank was nearly empty.
He did not do anything to be smarter.
They had a party and drank hot apple cider all evening.
She tried several times and the photos turned out beautiful.
His wife had been nagging him for months.
Unfortunately, the store owner realized it was an ancient artifact and should be put in a museum instead of sold.
She typed away on  her report.
He only has one pair of shoes.
When she got back she noticed a baby bird on the lawn.
He decided to visit his favorite restaurant and ordered his favorite fried chicken.
The two had a coupon for the restaurant to eat for free.
I always buy snacks at movies.
John had been expecting this.
I turned on the light and saw the window was wide open so I ran out and called the police.
Her mom told work she would be late since she wanted to drive Lucy in the snow.
Even though he didn't work.
Tom is going to be best man.
Harry ran away from home because his mother was an alcoholic.
Brad thought it would be embarrassing to wear them so he threw them out.
They wore matching hats.
She decided to end things that very night.
One day there was a new kitten.
She told her dad.
When she had enough spend,  she left to the toy store.
Unfortunately, the funding was cut.
He was very calm because he knows exactly what to expect of the experience.
This happened about every two years and he bought another phone.
He begged his parents to let him keep it but they said no.
He was using his canteen.
The cats hated when Glenn played with them them with the toy.
He called the pizza parlor to deliver pizza.
When he opened the door, a Jehovah's Witness was there.
She lives nearby the office.
They were giving away popcorn that day.
His parents figured he would make a good bomb tech someday.
They were too loud so he got dropped off at home and went to sleep.
She needed new shoes for the dance.
One day her teacher mentioned it and encouraged her to try but she refused.
The coach wanted him to sit out this game.
They did not find the perfect one.
Amy refused to give it a chance.
For some reason he instantly disliked it.
The cops decided to let him go.
She knew she looked fat in it.
As she was polishing her last nail, her cat was purring in the next room.
His wife took the can of peas and used a can opener to remove the top.
Summer came and the ground did not have any snow on it.
He was going to have to use an inhaler.
They were ignoring some narrow canyons.
She started asking friends to give her cards.
He was talking to his friend Tony on the phone.
The flower died after a few days.
His wife had been feeling stressed an he wanted to help her.
As a Muslim she had to pray at specific times of the day.
His friend suggested cutting out chocolate cake.
All the questions were fill in the blank.
Sue never want to get engaged.
So she asked her to do the laundry.
The rules were easy to understand.
I had to watch her take the pasta out of the box.
She finished the movie and went to bed.
She decided that, because her owner was not home, she would take the opportunity too sleep on the couch.
Liz and her friends were scared to go on it.
I will be endorsing a new medicine.
Her car got towed.
He crashed his car and was in the hospital.
One day she came over wearing a new pink dress.
She went on the first ride and had to throw up after the ride ended.
He went to the bathroom after it was set up.
They allowed the institute to ask them to answer a survey.
When he did, he always chose highly caffeinated coffee.
They watched movies and ate pop corns.
My housekeeper cleaned it and it was always spotless.
The weather is bad and terrible.
She couldn't decide what flooring would look best.
Susie hid in the bathroom while everyone else went on stage.
Her vendor luckily remembered to deliver the ketchup packets.
Kesha had to work unfortunately.
He stopped at a gas station to pee.
As a kid, I didn't like pizza, so I begged my parents to ask if Domino's delivered hot dogs.
Her clothes were completely dry since no water was entering the machine.
But one morning, there was a long line at his local coffee shop and he had to wait it out.
Her cat was healthy and happy.
He stopped on the gas station to buy some food, and while he was inside his accordion was stolen.
He decided he would simply stay indoors and play video games all day.
She decided to just treat her friend a dinner.
She's one of the most popular people on campus and has tons of friends.
Before buying my own guitar I tried learning to play but I was awful at it and gave up.
John and Bob decided they would go to the beach to get a spot to watch.
I took off of work in preparation but watched television for hours instead.
His girlfriend had just broken up with him.
He ran out of water.
Suddenly he just fell off a ladder.
When the vet examined Dot, he found that she was perfectly healthy.
They wanted to start a band together but could not decide on a name and never formed.
She did not know her way around the kitchen.
His friend thought of a fun board game to play.
She sent the friend flowers with her name on the tag.
Jan was experienced and knew she had this.
She refused to help her fellow students with their needs.
He was the chauffeur to a rich man, and lived in servants quarters.
He asked his cousin to show him a few pointers.
Mike loved the children as his own and would take the kids for a ride on his motorcycle.
She went online and ordered a pair of white Nike shoes from DSW.
Her owner, Martha does not take care of her.
I know what was inside.
He is always ripping people off.
He practiced at the batting cages once or twice.
The class agreed to bring our own food.
She had worked all summer to buy the perfect sneakers.
She was thrilled at the prospect of losing him.
Throughout the forest, it continued to hop around the same patch.
She visit there everyday she had been in there since he died.
She decided to go to the grocery store to get some.
A month later, Ben asked Elena on a date.
Her mechanic ordered the new parts and installed them.
I haven't had time to socialize because I work two jobs and go to school but I'll call them someday.
She lets the baby's father know, then goes back to sleep.
One day, her grandfather invited her to a cruise.
He went to his favorite sushi restaurant, but thought it tasted off.
His bathtub was a new model.
She doesn't have time to make it so she decided to buy for her family.
He avoided advertising it.
At one moment, she was energized on her table.
Mom told her to buy just one thing.
I knew exactly what she meant.
Erica was an ugly girl.
He decided to wear it from now on.
He got up and read a book for the rest of the night.
She had no need to renew her passport.
His stomach was nice and full.
He skipped their date but it was because he was buying a ring.
She was getting very sleepy.
One day, a college intern watched our game.
Jane went to her kitchen.
He was waiting for nightfall so he could see the starts.
His friend drank way too much.
They set up their gear at the end of a large pier.
I was really tired and fell asleep for hours, then I went home.
She got out the shower and started dancing.
He had spent the summer studying and parallel parking.
As he left the supermarket he noticed he was missing an item.
An hour later, he noticed a strange smell coming from outside.
An ambulance was responding to a call for medical assistance.
He helped his neighbors move and they were grateful.
His band is looking for one more member to join.
She sat down to drink her soda.
She decided to go to the ultrasound alone.
He decided to take up swimming.
A classmate told her there would be no ballet this year.
He spent half the day out on the lake and caught eight fish.
The noise bothered no one since he lived out in the country.
They would make great gifts for my children.
The gift was to go to a amusement park.
He never ran into them at the mall.
She forgot to study.
She has her Playstation Four and a television.
He proposed to her not that long ago.
It was held overseas in Britain.
She didn't want to play the part of a vampire.
He took a pen from his bag.
She took a bite and tasted a strawberry, which she was allergic to.
The farther to Christmas, the more excited she became.
She decides to join the Peace Corps and she becomes very fulfilled.
She was told the test was canceled next morning.
Gustav's friend went to see the strong man show one last time.
While at the shopping complex, he saw a beautiful guitar.
However, she did not pursue it because her mom doesn't like that idea.
She said she didn't want to wear condoms, so i said no way!.
It is an upscale coffee shop, but the pastries are terrible.
My little brother was sick so we left him with his nanny.
He had been smart with his pay from his movie days, and rented many homes.
I noticed a large hole next to a tree.
So she stopped telling jokes and now prefers karaoke.
He managed to pack it in the box perfectly.
They agreed to not do it.
It had been a few hours since Richard last saw his grandfather.
She always want is allergic so she can't have one.
His eyeball hurt.
They set up the chessboard and took their turns.
Eventually, he fixed his eating problems.
They were fighting over a girl they both liked so Harold hung out with his other friends.
I wanted to take out some fish myself.
They took a break from the rides to go to the park toy store.
He managed to keep the fire burning a while longer.
His friends gave him a lot more money and fast.
However Andy was stopped by his daughter who wanted to help.
I tried drying it off in rice and it worked.
The boys didn't have much fun.
Johnny asked his wife if she could cut it for him.
She had been playing her whole life.
Will was excited to go since he was a great skater.
Everyday after school he worked out and drilled boxing moves.
He looked for people on the street to imagine their names but did not see anyone.
He was towing it behind his truck when someone ran into the trailer and rammed a big hole in the boat totaling it.
It burned out a few minutes after lighting it.
A friend bought some bottled water.
She was getting where she had a hard time walking.
He got a salad.
She turned it off, and drank iced tea to cool off.
The power remained off and Peg was told to head home as the business would remain closed for the rest of the day.
He decided to get a piercing.
She was on the phone with her dad telling her about it.
She decided to give it all away to the Salvation Army.
His parents were fine with the risks.
She didn't have a wastebasket for her trash.
But his parents wouldn't let him have one.
His best friend drank often.
She was not let in due to health issues.
Suddenly, a man runs up and almost hits Donald's son.
But he was horrible at it.
The clouds were very white.
She decided not to take a pregnancy test.
During his last game of the week he nearly tripped in a gopher hole.
Rita believes that they never should have gotten the divorce.
She decided to check the weather before she went and it was going to be perfect.
Steamed carrots and Brussel sprouts were her favorites.
Steven would pick on Kate so much, she cried.
He even moved from New York City to Los Angeles for her.
He was helping friends decorate a cake.
Johnny approached his father to ask him for a telescope.
Jason wanted to buy a sports car.
Her waiter came to take their orders.
He didn't catch it and the frisbee landed in a puddle.
Luckily, she was making steady progress along the way.
He is spending the night at his Nana's.
She claimed for disability and sued the company since her bills kept coming in.
I hated Carolina, so I hoped they'd lose.
She could still eat and drink but it irritated her.
I couldn't find a cheap vacation so we had a fun staycation.
He felt guilty about it, and he finally told his parents.
I was walking from Kansas City to Indiana in the snow.
He really needs a new prescription.
He was having a very bad day and didn't manage to make any goals.
Suddenly she heard a loud noise and she had to give way to an ambulance.
He lived with his sister in Alabama.
She turned and went home once Lucy felt better.
His grill was new.
His parents refuse to buy him one.
He had been underweight for a very long time.
He had loved it since he was a child.
She easily found a cab.
One day James found an electrical socket next to some water.
He went straight to bed and slept.
He devided he wanted to overcome his fear.
He told her that he planned on working part-time at a fast food restaurant.
She ate a healthy breakfast at home.
He was on the way to school when approached by robbers.
He walked out to his garage to grab his skateboard.
His aunt paid for him to have a voice coach at a music studio.
He was too shy to hit on a girl.
His friends knew he was already drunk.
Will started giving her an allowance.
He rode a motorcycle into their driveway and told her parents that they were in love.
She needed to get enough money somehow.
She didn't like him riding motorcycles and definitely didn't want to ride with him so she declined.
She was excited to go because her crush will go with her.
They parked at the friend's house and went inside to watch TV.
It was midnight and no stars could be seen.
So she decided to check it online.
She heard an announcement for a lost child.
They show it everyday now.
He wished it would rain and a heavy storm came.
One day she noticed one small caterpillar in her garden.
He managed to not have any symptoms during this allergy season without medication.
But Amy can't eat sugar because of her teeth.
He deposited his week's earnings with the teller.
She told him she could make him rich by doing insider trading.
The dog was very playful and strong to jump the fence.
He ate the piece of paper.
Realizing her bragging was obnoxious, she tried to think of something more creative to say.
Fortunately he was not accused of touching one of Mike's daughters.
After they graduated they both went to barber school in Texas.
He asked his children for one.
Thankfully, his grandparents invited him to live with them.
Suddenly she heard a huge crash out in the street.
It was absolutely disgusting.
But Theresa suddenly got married and lived with her husband.
Some other kids wanted to play too.
She was excited to meet her mom..
He was an excellent dancer.
She hasn't gotten her first paycheck yet.
She felt that they were one of the few bastions of unbiased journalism.
They each caught several fish.
He was devastated by all the exhibits and artifacts.
Kristopher knew he was qualified and he applied.
Her elephants got sick at the last moment.
They tasted great after I cooked them.
He was trying to reach a bag of chips.
He went to at least ten home games a year growing up.
But then they began to sing.
He was broke, but he still owned a nice suit.
He was nervous being in the subway that late but there were plenty of nice people to talk to.
My motorcycle keys were nowhere to be found.
He was devastated when two were knocked out in a fight.
He had not one a single case in his short career.
It was raining heavily, so she decided not to hike that day.
He worked hard and ended up getting a scholarship to one of the best colleges.
He went to the shallow end of the pool.
He paid cash for it.
He already had his pilots license.
She wasn't scared she just couldn't afford it.
They have two players who could be quarterbacks able to play.
She got a tax at the airport.
He was too scared to be a fighter but he loves watching it.
He was on his way to the farmer's market to sell some corn, when he got in an accident and all his corn was destroyed.
They wanted to have lunch at one of their houses first.
He tried going to marble slab ice cream.
On Monday morning he spilled coffee on his presentation.
He was able to make a wish and died after.
We only went this one year.
She didnt check the weather and it started to rain.
Binch gave the company to his son.
Her husband Mark was not supportive at all.
This controller was wireless and worked great until I lost it.
Prissy loves to run at the beach, in the water.
She decided to drive herself because a cab would be too expensive.
She knew the pig would become huge one day.
The loved to stay inside and play video games.
He decided to blame the dog.
He went to his neighbor's recycling bin but it was already empty.
One of the first cassette tapes I ever had was country though.
He wanted to be the best chef in the world.
His boss invited him to go out.
His superior officer immediately sent the code to the officers on the frontline.
The wind blew so hard a window broke.
They wanted to eat pizza.
It turns out he was perfectly fine.
He threw it through the window.
The same day her best friend got arrested.
She was always rude to others while shopping.
And she did it.
She tols Ana to buy an Instant Pot.
They were away against the New York Giants.
He spilled it onto his bed.
My parents sent me to live with relatives in America when I was young.
She already knew what she wanted to wear.
I had a phobia of cars though.
No rumors began and everyone forgot quickly.
It washer neighbor at the door.
Luckily, she was completely fine.
They decided that Julie would choose what to see.
He had been sleeping with a student.
I drove to the beach.
He was kind as well and had a perfect personality.
She decided to fix up the house and rent it to her accountant Phil.
She was a renowned medium whose guests were those people who wanted to connect with their loved ones.
She was mad about her burger.
He loved retelling old stories, ignoring the future.
I was very tired so I fainted.
The first activity of the day was juggling with the clowns.
The stroller made it to the top.
His beard wasn't growing.
A volunteer team arrived and settled things peacefully.
He was sent down the street to the beach to get hurricane footage.
She was hungry so she also snacked on some red hard candy.
Whenever it rained, i stayed inside.
While I was there I decided to buy a few gifts.
He just didn't want to get the attention of girls.
Will ordered it to be shipped in 5 days.
She said that she cannot pick him up.
However, all her plants died after a strong storm.
The washing machine, and Stephanie, were in the second floor.
She had forgot to study for the written part.
She found her dog down the street at her neighbor's house.
His eyes were closed.
One night, they decided to make some for dinner.
After trying many different options, she could not develop a good recipe.
She collaborated with the other housekeepers to increase her productivity.
Tom wanted a romantic first date but she decided to cancel.
She'd had diarrhea all day.
Trisha wanted to get the attention of her parents.
He loved looking out of his 32nd floor bedroom window at the city below.
I was as good as I would ever be.
It was too warm outside, though, and all the snow had melted.
I blamed my friend my instigating a fight with a small girl.
After school and on weekends, all the kids would play nothing but kickball together.
It was the first time she had been to a club.
The paint still wasn't dry so school was canceled.
He never practiced or pursued his dream.
The thief hadn't known that the car had a very loud alarm.
It was special, so she put it up high, out of kids' reach.
She was not excited.
He went out and bought some fruit instead.
She was allergic to red meats.
They were unbeatable.
She really just needed to get fresh air.
He couldn't find the courage to quit his job.
He wanted to go skateboarding.
Her mom is an Anglo-Indian who is very westernized.
She wished the ice age still existed.
She listened attentively, moving with the music.
I didn't even see her yesterday while visiting my mother.
She did not treat them nicely so they avoided her.
She wanted to make him a romantic dinner so she learned how to cook pasta.
He saw a woman walking her dog and they started talking and spent the rest of the day together.
She went to the local market but they didn't have her supplies.
She heard her doorbell rang while she is vacuuming her room.
They were in the woods hiking.
He couldn't find his playlist to play.
Cindy saw a candy bar she wanted and she had the money to buy it.
Her sister was singing a song while Laura concentrated on her teeth.
He was deathly afraid of clowns and couldn't go back to sleep so he logged onto facebook.
John immediately came up with new ideas.
It was his worst subject but his studying DID pay off, he was able to pass the test.
Will roasted the couple at the rehearsal dinner.
She decided to buy a sports car.
She needed to pay a bill.
She repeatedly asked them to stop and they did nicely.
It was summer in a hot climate, so night rides were not ideal.
She was watching a funny movie.
Andy's friend suggested he take a plane instead.
He didn't want to do drugs.
He wanted to join the marching band.
I didn't even need a stool to reach it.
She couldn't afford to go to college.
He forgot to bring his clarinet.
He had made a huge pot of chili and caesar salad.
While there they ran into some bullies from college.
The rides were very well inspected.
He sat it on the middle of the credenza with a hutch away from the window.
He realized he shouldn't immerse himself in the culture until he could speak the language so he went home.
They were no longer interested in adoption.
He looked at the book and saw it had pictures.
He missed his chief opponent Sorbol Smoalbol who wasn't there.
Tom waited too long to ask her out because he found out she was going out with his best friend.
She told her parents and they thought she was lying.
It was so peaceful riding through the mountains.
It was a type of cancer that did not respond to chemotherapy.
She invited her sister Linda.
They were going to the grand canyon.
When Dan looked down he realized he was wearing his boxer shorts and got locked out.
They were quiet but ugly looking.
The Barnes family decided skip Christmas lights this year.
I never want to return to Florida again!!.
After pouring it into the pan she realized she forgot the eggs.
His mother promised to take them there when it stopped raining.
He liked to perform for friends in his basement.
As she sat down, she noticed that their teacher was absent.
They wanted to see who could eat the most.
She couldn't find her cat anywhere to let her in to the house in case it stormed.
I declined.
I poured a cup and drank it all.
She sat quietly until he finished and she loved how the portrait came out!.
It was the first time I played this week.
Sam remembered he wrote down the measurements and dug it to the specificatons.
She donated the cut hair to a wig maker for kids with cancer.
I finished it and then went to go outside.
She had so many good ideas.
They parked their RV right on the mountain.
Her kids were her world now.
He was unable to find one cheap enough.
They all took nature photos and enjoyed themselves.
He won enough fights to retire.
They decided to play a video game.
She loved it that much.
The turtle swam into the ocean by the time we reached it.
Her daughter was marrying a Dr. from the next town over.
He saved up money to buy a television to watch them.
She drank heavily and ended up in terrible shape for a long time.
Alexa liked only doing magic.
He came across a majestic dear during his journey.
Thought that he should by a trike.
All wills friends were voting Democrat.
They thought their lemonade was terrible and closed the stand.
He decided to go back to school despite his age.
He refused to sit on the toilet even if I read him books.
She knew her grandmother liked to read, and bought her a book.
He had a new type of mouse that was specialized for controlling playback, it worked great!.
His father did not expect him to go into ministry after high school though.
She was checking the size of the bag when she saw a discounted price tag.
She invited a girl she thought was cute.
They released an album but one group member was liked more than the others.
Harry wanted to build a snowman.
Her husband's pants never seemed to get holes in them.
She was well behaved in his class.
She didn't tell anyone that.
But, he was not any good at it.
His parents loved the new toys they bought for Oliver.
There were no other cars at the intersection.
I can't find my suit, so I have to stay home.
Her parents agreed.
He turned off the alarm and went back to sleep and was late for work again.
His opponent was knocked out cold with one punch.
She gets very thoughtful while painting.
No university would accept him and Rob gave up on his dream.
They met him for coffee.
When I get called to teach, the teachers are never thankful.
They are made by Audio Technica and were on sale in the nearby mall.
He was always scared of Michael Jackson in Thriller.
The Professor was sick the next day, so class was cancelled.
Someone brought soda.
But Nancy rejected Tom's proposal of courting him.
She went to class on time.
She was feeling great and taking a lot of pictures.
She wanted to order in something new and surprise him.
He's very happy and didn't feel any motion sickness.
He quickly got online and downloaded it.
Don gave Andrea a necklace.
I told him that I had already paid my rent.
He sang her favorite song until she finally fell asleep.
Sarah had medicine that looked just like her sisters.
All of his snakes died on the same day.
He traveled by plane without any luggage.
She wanted to change the wallpaper in her house.
She drank relaxing herbal tea and it worked.
And leave it right away.
She loved laying in bed but was getting fat.
I steered clear of the garbage and junkies.
It was surrounded by buildings.
He never could learn how to play the violin unfortunately.
He was going to go to the mall after.
He was always digging holes and getting into trouble.
He was a hated pubstar, and no team wanted to deal with him.
She threw bacon onto it, followed by pepper.
He set up a device that detected radio waves made by the devices.
It also had funny Billy Bob teeth attached to it and it made her grandma laugh every time.
Fran was performing very well at her new job.
I fixed this by keeping it in a special thermos.
It was dark and he heard chirping birds.
Kia wasn't surprised, since they were a racy couple.
They became friends and Ken came out to her.
Fortunately, the spell check feature on my computer takes care of all of my spelling perfectly.
After a long night of partying, he passed out at his friend's house.
She was single with no kids.
The girl wanted to impress her.
He was not going to college.
They had a misunderstanding last week.
We were outside building a house of twigs in the summer.
He was glad to see the end of the drought.
It was the only thing she took home.
She studied hard every day, but still couldn't get any better.
It was made of plastic.
He picked up a bat beside the bed and jumped out the window.
He didn't thrive in the strict military conditions.
He did not care about that.
However, she's always found the effort worth it and doesn't want to change her hair.
I spent a great deal of time studying and knew I was ready but then somehow I flunked the test.
Just as he finished eating it, the phone rang.
The day before had been very successful for work.
They decided to jump in the river.
He had been having terrible headaches for weeks.
She told everyone she is healthy.
Her hair was looking rather bright.
Her cousin Matt wanted to watch the channel also.
I love trying new recipes.
Matt encouraged him to try his best.
The dresses all fit like a glove.
She went to the store and bought flowers.
One day a gallery asked her if they could show one of her paintings.
She felt sick and decided to cancel it.
She curled her sister's head before eating.
On the way to the park she remembered she forgot to unplugged her phone so he have to return home right away.
Despite being popular, no one would ever invite him to any parties.
He was nearly half finished writing it when he got a publishing offer.
He lost it one day, and it was never seen again.
She decided to try and make one herself.
She had been through 3 rounds of invitro.
I went to the store but they were also out.
He was confident on his first day.
He stored it in his locker and forgot it was there.
But she was having a sore throat that day.
She knew she was pregnant so she hoped it was just morning sickness.
He remembered to put the keys in his pocket.
She really liked video games.
It arrived early.
He hired professionals to do all the work, and never lifted a finger.
Only to find out all the tacos were sold out.
One day her mailman put her mail in someone else's mailbox.
Her mom did get her lessons she needed.
Her brother crashed when he tried to dock the boat.
So when she got married she thought of a mean prank.
He didn't meet anyone while over there.
She couldn't think of a new one to tell her sister before bed.
They never came as they got into a accident in their tiny cars.
He was the house and it was nice and clean.
The tree was in great health and would last a lifetime.
Tommy was completely enthralled by the colorful birds at the zoo.
I give people rides by Uber.
He wanted to go last Saturday, but was too sick.
They were trying to make a date when his friend wouldn't stop bugging him.
He had just started going out with his girlfriend.
He was his school's soccer captain.
He was only careful with his social security number, which he would not give to anyone.
He thankfully didn't have to have his mouth wired shut so he could still eat soft foods.
They were flying in a plane to their destination.
He swatted at it with his shoe.
Jennifer took it to the vet and the cat was cured.
In the classroom, the teacher announced that the reports were due the next day, instead.
From his study, Will heard his daughter turn off the TV.
Her little brother took her dress and ran off with them.
Tina declined Jim's proposal.
He always got good grades in all his classes and math was his best subject.
He did not even mind that she was rude and mean.
His father said he had to clean it.
They were working inside where there was no air and it was making him sick.
Mike asked if he could join in and sell some of his things.
Amy stood in a chair while a cat braided her hair.
She knew a lot about chickens and got her hen checked out for an illness.
But she can't afford to buy one.
There were people cooking and hamburgers swimming.
After a few drinks he decided not to bet his money on the game.
He was a podiatrist.
It was too crowded so they went home.
He kept to himself and stayed at home.
I had a couple emails taking up space from large attachments.
I decided not to wear my windbreaker and wore my parka instead.
The 3rd boy arrived late.
The vet told Ralph that his dog had mange.
It was broken up by police shortly after.
He could eat ice cream for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
He ordered a glazed donut for dessert after lunch.
His mother did not ask him to eat it.
My doctor told me I had diabetes.
She just started the steps in the recipe except grating cheese.
Del ate so many that he got sick and couldn't even look at peaches anymore.
She needed new batteries for her remote.
Her best friend Sara said what she was doing was actually empowering to women.
His wife decided to leave while she cleared her mind.
He always had plenty to do.
He was excited for the holiday break.
She needed to take a bus to the hospital.
He was terrible at paying bills and there was a lot of negative stuff on his credit report with a very low score.
The manager didn't bother to ask any questions because Gina was too under-qualified for the job.
The customer was appalled with the service by Chad.
However, his small town has very few jobs available, not even a police station.
She stood in line but had nothing to give Chris Brown.
He decides that it will be special to buy her a cake.
A man died, and after trying to administer CPR I had to record his time of death.
One guy said the fish in the river were huge.
After his first day, he told her he lived across the street from the school.
Stu's sister was really angry and told their mother so Stu was grounded for a week.
One day the fence for his pig pen was repaired.
She went to the kitchen to retrieve a can opener.
Phil was a huge fan of the beach.
She went back to sleep.
He got an Uber.
It took her a short time to get caught up on her work.
She ran against olli.
He decides that he doesn't need to lose weight.
He walk around losing every egg he could.
He went online and paid it through his bank.
Suddenly the storm cleared up.
Sam was a very slow driver and people wondered why he bought a car like a Camaro.
He went back to school.
The mechanic returned the car and said it was perfect.
He barely worked hard during school or on his application.
He sold them all within a year.
He bought some bug spray and the ants stopped coming back.
Tommy thought so too and they left to go somewhere else.
A bicyclist is coming toward him.
The first day Stan got sick and they had to stay in the hotel.
She told Carly that she forgot to get her a souvenir from her trip.
I tiptoed through the house but my son woke up anyway.
He checked his toilet for some food.
I bet a friend that he could smoke six bongs in one hour.
The boy scout troop watched the fire winning the battle.
She was five years old and felt like an adult, after all!.
We visited the Virginia stadium.
He set a personal goal and didn't tell anyone.
She carried the children to their beds and they all slept.
He kept it locked in the bedroom.
Kelly saw it out her window and stayed inside all day.
Her fruits flourished and her vegetables were robust, making a nice little profit for her family.
Their house had electric heater so they didn't need firewood.
Laura wanted to go swimming in a lake.
He decided to get a second job and now he can pay rent but has no personal life.
She read in a magazine she should be cooking with a wok.
However, sometimes he finds that he is very full.
He decided not to buy anything.
Suddenly her date got up and ran away.
She found it.
He looked online and saw the one he wanted was surprisingly inexpensive.
He visits the local store to sell several cotton swabs.
So she decides she won't cook at home, not even to save some money.
He got onto his bike and began to pedal.
He didnt have friends.
Weather reports predicted sunshine for the rest of the week.
He watched parkour videos online.
Susan left a note for Santa, instead of milk and cookies, telling him she wanted him to lose weight.
At school they called her Imelda Marcos so she decided she didn't really want more shoes.
We sat on the couch and turned one on TV.
She put some oven in the chicken nuggets.
When I saw him, he looked like he was being released.
She working on a project wherein she needs to use glitters to decorate.
But as summer came, it rained everyday.
He kicked her out of the apartment one night.
His parents noticed this and bought him a new bike.
I get the tickets on Broadway for free.
Their safe space was being remodeled and had no roof.
She prayed fervently that the surgery would go well.
He decided to keep studying instead of playing basketball.
I decided to enter the music industry.
She was really tired from partying the night before and was sent home from school for sleeping in class.
He had contracted the flu, so I avoided him.
He was always picked to be a score keeper.
They were in the back yard when a game broke out.
She took time to have a good meal.
He decided to take a Mandarin class.
He gave his pet to a zoo.
He was sure there was something wrong with his eyes.
She and her friends had enough money to go shopping.
She was growing more and more afraid with each passing week so she bought a gun.
Usually they hang out at the skate park.
His mother decides he needs to have his eyes examined.
She saw lottery tickets but decided not to buy any.
His mom sat next to him and they were eating apples.
She wouldn't get anything for signing up.
He loved to tend to his plants and keep everything well trimmed.
Each one decided to dress as the same cat.
Jen never wanted to go to Napa because it was too far.
I looked up bees and honey in the online encyclopedia.
She fell onto the ground and hit her head.
One child argued but did not watch Jack Frost.
They didn't like turkey so they decided to make a ham instead.
She really wanted to read instead.
I worked at a nature preserve, far from any transit.
She got a job in her hometown.
It was a flightless bird.
It was herbal tea.
She coached and she was afraid her team would lose.
A group of teachers started to walk closer to us.
She decided she was happy how she was.
He let me pick out a gun but I was too nervous, so we returned home.
But he knew getting a puppy would be too big a responsibility.
The city decided that we were too hard on the grass so they wouldn't let us play football anymore.
Sadly, Sam's mom died in a car accident.
He set up his camera and started taking pictures of squirrels instead.
At the end, the groom made a dirty joke.
His grades were horrible at school.
I was the pitcher, so I made my contribution from the pitcher's mound.
However, this summer they decided to go to the Canadian Rockies instead.
Ella soon decided to convert back to Catholicism because she wanted to dress like she used to.
She always wanted to continue working at her job.
He always leave the work station whenever someone is bugging him.
He especially hated fruits but loved vegetables.
She didn't like sitting on the bike and decided to drop the class.
He strapped on his shoes and it fits perfectly.
The mother asked her daughter to stop drawing.
He drove her to a fancy restaurant.
Her brothers and sisters all wanted to go home.
She complained to her parents and he was grounded.
It was faster than usual, and barely using the battery.
This year they stayed home and used their time helping some of the underprivileged people in the community.
She was spending less than what she made.
He noticed one of his friends was laughing.
Her son bought her one and help her install it.
None of the three kids could fall asleep.
But I stopped wearing them because I looked like a clown.
He was big and intimidating and no one ever approached him.
One day Tom got a new remote control car.
As the summer wore on Gina grew more fond of her best friend.
She got full and stopped eating her meal.
She was the teacher of his class.
He loved to haggle and gossip he was very gifted with his silver tongue.
I decided to sneak some homemade popcorn in my purse.
Suddenly it began to get much hotter outside.
She applied for a job as a writer.
So her and her friends started texting each other.
I had to stay inside all day.
He decided to stay in his job in Indiana.
She didn't want to publish it because it is very personal.
I hit the snooze button and slept until afternoon.
Jim decided to start his own business so he needed to put his Dad in a nursing home.
I hit the bird on its right wing.
All of a sudden one of her students started hitting his labmate.
His father was a timid and gentle man.
She needed paying customers.
They began to talk about going to a haunted house, something neither of them feared.
Norma still needed to put some baskets together for her children with the candy she bought last week.
I parked in the handicapped space so dad would struggle a bit.
Jo was always carrying and dropping her textbooks so her mom bought her a beautiful leather tote to carry them.
I wanted to order a veggie burger but they were out, so we went to a pizzeria.
She liked her heritage but never tell anyone about it.
He decides to call it a night and finish tomorrow.
She particularly enjoyed biking around the house.
They asked him what he was most glad to come home to.
The tattoo artist was wearing gloves.
My dad turned on the news to heard the blizzard wouldn't be hitting our area.
Once he got there, he realized how bad it really was.
The ranger ignored them as they were about to set up camp.
We ordered noodles and vegetables at a Japanese restaurant.
But I don't have money to buy equipment for singing.
He asked his brother for recommendations.
Some of the wet out better than others.
They returned them unharmed for ransom after two days.
He took them back and wouldn't share.
He went with his parents.
It was a book about her childhood and very inspiring, the publishing company jumped at it.
When suddenly, their car broke down and didn't make it to Six Flags.
But he called and told me he can't come.
He needed a new pair of socks.
He moved a chair and it crashed the table, and the table fell over.
She paid someone to fix it.
At the stop, he filled the truck with gas and kept to himself by avoiding all others.
She wanted a toy car but Bill didn't have enough money to get it.
Luckily, the gig paid really well.
John browsed classified ads online and in newspapers and found the perfect car.
Elle was lost on a small road.
She had to work while she was going to school and was so busy she wouldn't even be able to attend the graduation.
Every day I relaxed for many hours.
She stood in the hall waiting for him but he wasn't coming.
She said she is too old to learn new technology.
Miley was fair and gave her clients the best advice.
Meaghann invited Chad to write he sign.
Three of the girls loved their fourth roommate.
On the day of her wedding he was nowhere to be found.
She and her baby got ready alone and then left.
Susan ordered cake.
Kelly's mother told Eric that she loved going out for brunch.
First he melted up the snow.
She didnt find one she liked.
Since my girlfriend was coming later, I ordered chinese food.
He walked back outside and made a call on his cellphone.
She was determined to get it done by herself.
They got lucky and still got some tickets to the concert.
She was excited to go by herself.
They went to the shareholders' meeting at Disney headquarters.
On the trip to the museum, Tom was bored.
Her parents had encouraged her to cheat to get ahead.
For his last bath, it took a garden hose in the driveway to get him clean.
He took some instant rice, added hot water, and let it sit.
He burnt the pasta.
My parents made me go until I was eighteen.
All he wanted was to be alone.
Her little sister was away at their grandparents house.
I didn't get drunk.
He sat in the back of the theater and watched a foreign romance movie.
Angela revealed that she taken some flowers.
I had season tickets.
Brian did not see it coming.
I decided to save my money and just drink my soft drinks.
I found the keys in my pocket.
Her doctors told her it was impossible so she stopped trying.
He sat down with a sandwich.
For his birthday, my family too him to the zoo.
Jake the store was closed so he drove on past it.
A few trees were stripped off their leaves, but the storm didn't endanger any houses.
Everyone was annoyed except his brother Jim.
I made friends with the only male there.
They had no food to feed the animals.
Th phone rang and his father had to leave immediately for the office.
His family was really excited.
He was the nicest kid ever.
Whenever the neighbors were away she would watch their house.
She was very good at baking, so she was excited.
We had to come up with a script and then perform it.
She wore dresses while playing basketball with the boys and climbed trees.
His Dad never let him watch though.
He's already completed it.
He decides to take guitar lessons and loves playing songs on the instrument.
The teacher described how Billy helps the other students learn in class.
He learned that it wasn't so good for his health.
He often complained to his dad that he wanted the bike.
He tried to get his family to play.
I didn't get a chance to hear the trivia questions.
His hippie parents were upset he wanted to.
She thought it was the most perfect gift she had ever received.
She felt self-conscious so left and found a new class.
Reggie went to the dentist and changed his mind, turning around and going home.
The bus boys helped to properly load all the dirty dishes into the dishwasher.
The dentist was proud of Mike because his teeth were perfect.
She didn't have enough money to pay for a soda.
He kept at it and lost his fear but realized he hated flying and quit the course.
She told Cindy the candy was poison intended as insect bait.
She was on her way to her friend's house for a big party.
Alas, there are no more honey bees near my home.
He read superhero comics, but just for fun.
The frozen aisle had plenty of frozen fish.
He went to rehab.
She went to the edge of the Eiffel Tower.
There was a beautiful German Catholic Church on Shawmut Avenue.
He orders a video about it online.
He decided to use that day to play his first video game.
She was proud about impressing Ivy and she tried easily.
But I don't have the necessary ingredients.
He graduated with a degree in communications and was unable to get a job.
Once it got dark, she went to sleep.
He had been adrift for many days and he was weak from lack of food and water.
He spent many hours watching them at his apartment.
He worked really hard at it but then decided he's rather be an actor.
She looked everywhere and then came back inside to keep searching.
He always carried a Clif Bar for times like this and at it.
He reached the end of the rainbow and found a pot of gold!.
He tried it one day and it made him so dizzy he never wanted to do it again.
He changed the oil himself.
It was due to his cheap mouse at work.
At first she was excited but then she realized that these trees had to die for this and wanted to get an artificial tree.
They took their belongings with them to dinner.
This was his hobby.
She have so much ambition in life.
She didn't really like them, but it was all she had.
To her surprise, she saw her brother eating Santa's cookies.
She went to Boston instead.
They didn't get a chance to see any of the animals.
She got a lot of good sources from the library.
She was in college.
But, nobody went down to the storm shelter.
She was nervous about her lazy work.
While driving to the bath house, he ran over a nail and got a flat tire.
My son had just used it.
His first day was smooth.
It was easy to focus in class today since I was sweating.
He only went to one sandwich shop and was scared to try anything new.
There was a creepy guy there so I left and went back home.
Menzel traveled to Kenya often.
Gina was disappointed.
I decided to read a book about civil engineering.
At the dance, my crush asked me to stay away from her.
As a result, she went home to use the house phone.
His wife made him remove the island.
After a while, Matt got very angry and walked out on John.
I called the neighbor kid and hired him to rake my yard.
They made their own food from home.
This usually means I need a mechanic to look at my car.
She fired a private investigator to find them.
We were fishing off the pier.
When we got to sleep we would have more than enough covers.
She couldn't believe it was in two days.
He loved staying up late playing video games till two in the morning.
He could not find his baseball magazine and his printer ran out of ink.
Island Gems is home to a 25 foot tall triceratops painting.
I am still not very good at it and only play in my backyard.
Tim returned them to Sam in perfect condition.
He had all the plans drawn out but not sure about the payment.
He has always been a great swimmer.
She took equestrian lessons.
I knew my girlfriend had become distant, but I trusted her.
I decided to check stores online.
We always find lizard eggs floating around in the water.
I was bored so I played against my little brother.
I took some medicine and immediately felt better so I went to work.
She was excited about getting a piece of fruit.
But he didn't have any mustard or ketchup.
The conversation was very boring as they had nothing to talk about.
She needed to move closer to her friend Sue.
She didn't get home until 6:30.
Billy refused and was grounded.
She had bruised her knee while kneeling down at church.
He was out on duty but returned on schedule.
Kelly waited to be an aunt.
She was a virgin when she got married and learned she was pregnant 3 months after the wedding.
It came out well done just as he intended.
He watched the young woman ahead of him get out of her car.
She thought it was rotten.
He got angry and quit.
The girls were able to sample the flavor of the month.
Two months ago, he decided he wanted to get a tattoo..
We traveled there by helicopter.
It hasn't arrived yet.
Her family couldn't have one because their backyard is too small.
She bundled up and went to sleep.
The black cat was her favorite.
He only applied to jobs inside his field.
They take their new puppy that is so weak.
My daughter knew of my interest in animals.
They heard a loud banging noise.
I took it to Petsmart to spend it.
Once he arrived home, he placed it safely in storage.
He always wanted to teach astronomy.
He was so eager that he would probably get there too early.
However, he used reusable shopping bags.
As soon as the cashier gave me my bag, I held it tight.
He had never bought her anything but always asked for money.
He always told lies though.
He lived too far to ride a bus or walk so he had to take the bus.
She always passed the tests!.
She liked waking up early to watch the sun rise.
I have a nice parking lot in my yard.
While driving she got stuck in standstill traffic.
She prepared to cook, but there weren't any eggs.
She gets a craving for Netflix and a nap at 2AM.
My father had an issue with my uncle.
I played all day and we decided to spend the night on the beach.
It's five pounds underweight.
He finished the walk and went back home.
She forgot about her dream and become a nurse instead.
He had his backpack and helped an elderly lady retrieve her luggage.
She contacted a record label one day, but couldn't get a meeting.
His friend was excited to try it.
Sadie had dropped her glasses and couldn't find them.
He was sad to find out there was no easter bunny.
As he got older, he realized he liked Barbies the most.
They weren't used to it being shut off and wondered what happened.
George became mad as soon he realized he had accidentally ate his sister's cookie.
They were enemies since seventh grade.
One day, he heard some noises in his closet.
She rested and started to feel much better.
I had to skip a speech.
And afterwards, he loved anyone who stole.
Unfortunately I lost my phone and couldnt check.
Due to the economy, Steve had to fire five employees.
He went home to rest before the show and overslept and got fired.
He sold a guitar from the music store.
They went to buy tickets but it was sold out.
He realized he forgot his cellphone.
They lived next door together forever.
His grandma told him to go up there and he found absolutely nothing.
I was prepared to get my tetanus shot.
He crept down the hall towards the bathrooms.
They pay their employees fairly.
They had never done anything together.
At the age of 6, she was in awe of all the land animals.
Joe wasn't too happy about it.
He was sick and couldn't prepare for his first game.
He didnt really like his job.
Dominick usually got bad grades.
Nancy tripped and fell down the stairs.
They were very happy to keep it in the family for generations to come.
She showed her sister the ragged fingernail.
My boyfriend was upset and didn't want to see the baby.
I sold a box from the drugstore to try out.
We have plan an  idea what was going on.
She pulled them up and they zipped easily.
Now Gina has a lot of friend.
He carefully put the ingredients one by one on the kitchen table.
However he was disappointed when ever it was time for the show.
She used a gentle soap and luke warm water so not to burn the baby.
She had an easy time getting the lid off.
She made her way through the crowd towards the DJ booth and put the song on herself.
I start dancing as soon as I hear it.
The flu got worse and Kelly needed to be brought to the hospital.
He spent the summer working as a baby sitter.
She aimed her gun at a fat flying goose.
It was always a nice place to live.
They were honor students and well behaved.
She is having trouble finding time for a haircut so she paid a neighbor to cut her hair.
She was told she had diabetes.
She pulled her car over and opened her trunk.
He decided to wear his family's antique watch.
It is a routine he started when he was a child because his mom told him about the benefits of green apples.
My neighbors are properly training their dog.
She saved her wages for months and still couldn't afford it.
Her boyfriend kept her from touching the radio knob.
She has just enough money for them.
They used to have a bigger house, but sold it to a friend.
She went online, found a recipe, but decided it was too hard to make.
He grabbed his backpack and ate breakfast.
She gave it to her mom.
He would often study but got into an accident.
The families had to stay at home fast.
So he decided to ask his friend for his old one with holes to use as a pattern.
He did not have much money and lived in a dorm room.
We never liked the zoo.
Her niece ate it all.
My mom stayed asleep in bed.
His grandson wanted him to stay behind the times.
Tonight I made the dinner and he will clean the kitchen.
He scrubbed the bathroom three times a day as well.
He is very tall but wanted to spike the ball.
The website showed that her order could not be fulfilled as requested and it was cancelled.
He played alone at the school.
She picked up her favorite book and started reading.
She didnt drink so she went to the movies.
Mama had a neighbor help with jumper cables, and it worked!.
She wanted to tan so she began working at a spa.
Her father said yes.
He realized he wasn't really hungry, it was just a dream so he went back to sleep.
He decided to get back in the car and go get a pizza.
I sell curtains and a bar.
He didn't have any chemicals to mix.
She'd had a great year and had already finished her finals.
The next day, she found out it had been made with vegetable broth!.
He felt like it was never lonely.
She spend her every cent she earned.
Lucy brought her bible with her.
She was definitely expecting a cat as a gift.
There were many animals in the forest.
He tried out for the school team but was over the weight limit.
Its good he paid his mortgage.
The day of his flight, the weather was perfect.
First, he left  her house and go to sleep.
Her dad left some stuffed animals out.
She looked all over the books for reviews.
The girls had been best friends since first grade.
Alicia couldn't wait to get the scoop, but she had no pen.
He hugged me and ignored me the rest of the visit.
When May woke up the moon was just rising.
She was unphased by her digusting son.
His entire college career has been very easy.
He bought a tricycle at the toy store.
He was really good at doing tricks.
She wanted to display it out.
He asks his neighbor for beans.
He told his aunt he was angry with her and would be leaving.
He was so afraid of missing something fun.
Brad turned and kicked the ball to his friend.
The ladder was expensive and strong.
They didn't realize he sent there to spy on their boss and everything was always in his favor.
He was running very late for work.
But her grandma went back to her home.
She picked out one with lace and had it custom fitted.
He loved staying up late but his new job needs him to get up earlier.
They took a train to get there.
Milly was heartbroken when she buried him but decided he would want her to get another dog some day.
HE begged his mom for a dog but she agreed to get him a cat.
I had chosen a Chinese restaurant.
My cousin was over and we wanted to eat pizza.
She keeps having a reoccurring nightmare.
I put one item in the cart.
He pointed at an eel he'd found in the river.
Julia's older brother saw them and decided to walk out of the car.
She hadn't prepared a list and would just take what she could get.
She had never asked her parents to get her one.
I ask my friends about it.
When I went through my flight easily.
But we don't have time to visit him.
Her mother never cooked beans because Erin would get short of breath if she ate them.
Paul loved his job and put almost all of his pay in savings for a car.
I rushed to the hospital to find my daughter doing better and when she saw me, she smiled.
I have been lifting light weights to be more slim.
The barber was a good friend and gave him a perfect haircut.
In an effort to feel better, he ate cookies.
I spend up money for weeks to buy it.
They didn't realize how long they are playing outside.
She got sick and had to cancel.
She was much better looking than him.
She attended them in person all the time.
She hated all of her classes.
As I got older, I realized I had since outgrown this dream.
She began to write about her life, but decided to draw pictures instead.
We drove to the beach and a town, but it was too cold and the plants were all dead.
Hari was a good soccer player, too and ending up choosing soccer over cricket.
She could not find any students.
We all ignored him and get a hug.
They wanted him to come to Indianapolis for the weekend.
I don't have windows to secure.
When she was 18 Year's old, she decided to fly to China for a visit.
I found there was no mail.
He had a baton hidden in the house.
Three weeks later the salesman shows up at his house.
He saw his dad everyday though.
I went with my brother to see Hulk Hogan.
He fell asleep without eating.
Lonely, Josh decided to adopt a horse from his elderly neighbor.
She was doing it all herself and was proud.
She was hoping she would have an outgoing roommate.
I got out the meatballs and put them in the bread.
He was able to drive and saw a Lion.
She refused to answer it.
She denied going on a television show to show everyone how to make them.
She always have it at this hour.
She had just bought him a remote control toy car.
It was very warm for winter.
They were alternately taking turns with the controller.
The boy sell water for his family.
He lived alone and never went out.
I tossed all the clothes in the washer.
She was upset and left.
He decided to catch some to use as bait.
She wasn't aware of the scam and was innocent.
The girl was a lesbian though.
Sally was mean and did not want friends.
He did research on society.
He was talking about his dead father.
It was her first day of Preschool.
Lucy decided to make lasagna for him as a surprise.
She called Uber because the parking there was horrific.
So he rode his bike to work every day.
I went to the store to buy the crackers.
A 19-year-old freshman sued him for sexual harassment after he made a pass at her.
They trekked through the jungle until they reached a cliff.
I have been dealing with an infestation for years.
But on this particular day, she went to my house and gave me $100.
He got tired and went back home.
The elevator only went to the basement.
The baby chickens kept ending up in Gary's bedroom.
She went to the concessions to buy some candy because they were out of popcorn.
She was involved with too many clubs.
After the divorce, my mom encouraged me to still see my dad.
She immediately went home to watch online.
The number came as a shock when his wife told it to him.
But my mother always hated the idea of my dream job and told me not to pursue it.
I loved them and enjoyed looking at them.
Tyson swam to the side and climbed out.
He walked very early on and started running.
She ate it over the following days.
He found one at a furniture store.
She hated working at nursing home.
His toy dump truck was missing.
Bart's girlfriend surprised him with tickets to an air museum.
Bobby was a great husband and asked Amy to renew their vows.
He applied for another job and was hired.
I got bored and slept through the whole class.
He recalled that there were some herbs growing in his yard.
So I decided to drive for UBER at night.
But it started to claw at her face.
All the other girls were shopping at consignment shops.
John's wife, Sam, was outside mowing the lawn.
He climbed with no safety harness.
She knew it was hot so she waited for the soup to cool significantly.
He didn't have time to go to the gym so he and his friend worked out together.
During his turn suddenly the place was burning on fire.
He was hired as a backup singer with a local rock group.
He went to pour a bowl but was all out.
He applied to medical school and got accepted.
Eventually he built up the nerve to ignore to her.
He told her they would do something on Thursday.
They were on their honeymoon and wanted to stay inside.
My best friend says, "lets go to California.".
He didn't find any mushrooms.
She decides to give up soda and drink water at home.
He arrived in the country of Kenya.
He got there and walked up to his friend's door.
His mom told him not to be a doctor.
The museum closed for an emergency and everyone went home.
He stopped at a hotdog stand.
The brown cat hated yarn.
He was sick and at the doctors office.
She was happy that she was finally able to reach the top of the tree.
He read about it every single day.
She decided to treat herself to a day at the spa.
She loved her passions but was more focused on her successful career.
The family did not have to use the restroom for miles.
She looked through all her mom's clothes.
It smelled like his girlfriend.
He tried collecting student signatures, but couldn't get enough to get on the ballot.
He picked it up and gave it to his brother as a gift.
It was exactly what he wanted.
One of his friends is the coach of Harvard Men's basketball team.
I sharpened all my pencils.
He thought about subscription fraud, but decided it was below him.
He took lessons from a professional for years.
She asked if she could eat a piece of it.
I wasn't too excited about it but my friends were.
At the bar, she ordered a shot of tequila.
Then my parents became rich.
She was mopping floors.
She is very beautiful and was voted homecoming queen.
Instead of fighting with her, I decided to remain relaxed.
Unfortunately we forgot our poles.
They brought a lot food and it ended up going bad.
At first she was rather excited about it.
Then he saw his uncle saying mean things to his Grandma and he changed his mind.
She no longer celebrated Christmas.
Suddenly, the lights on.
But Eric moved away and they lost touch.
She was going to a huge networking convention by herself.
I went to my friend.
She couldn't find a job.
They decided to try figure out which team tends to get more injuries.
There, she quickly realized she was out of her league.
He accidentally colored off the page and onto the tablecloth.
He was quickly fired.
He saw many visitors with their pets.
He discovered more money in his account than he should have.
On her front porch, she ignored a red paper.
He had weak hands and couldnt though.
He was playing quarterback.
When it arrived it was hot but missing toppings.
He came home to his wife singing as she cooked dinner for him and their baby.
She was running late, so she didn't have time to shower.
She put off trying it out.
She went to her kitchen to get them.
Sunday was his funeral.
When he aunt came, she tried to befriend another adult.
She was very excited!.
I keep the blinds closed so the sunlight will not fade the furniture.
Brian was too shy to be famous or audition for something.
Last Friday there were no clouds so she stayed in to be safe from the sun.
He stayed home most days.
He went home to take a nap.
There were many bags in her Grandma's house.
He was proud and boast from them.
I looked left and ignored a little kitten with mommy.
He was not that good at it, so he ended up quitting on his first week.
She sneaked out with the rest of the guests.
Her son insisted on doing dishes after they ate.
There was a train on the tracks ahead.
The store was located in familiar territory.
He was not watching the road and hit a deer.
He bought a new smartphone online.
Their food was made right in front of them.
For his birthday, his friends made him a banana flavored cake.
She handed me a paper with a huge A on the top beside my name.
He made himself a sandwich.
She missed her class.
She was too afraid to talk to Andy.
I took a trip to Italy to learn authentic recipes.
She decided to go for a walk in the woods to watch the squirrels.
Emily was excited to go swimming.
He almost missed the bus.
He thought that he forgot to do his taxes, but he remembered they were already done.
I decided to invest in bonds instead because they are safer.
Nancy's date, Greg, insisted that they ride a roller coaster.
His head started to hurt.
She didnt realize she was allergic.
He was heart broken and does not ever want to go through this again.
There are not any traditions in the south.
They danced to the music, with eyes only for each other.
He loved every second of his job.
They spent hours and decided to go in March.
He went to the nearest music studio and enrolled himself.
John was too lazy.
His bar was in a bad side of town so customers avoided it.
But Angel cheated on him.
Jan was the only one who knew how to skate so everyone else was falling all over the place.
He was not scared of anything.
He did not know what would be worst for his current dog.
He baked her a cake.
He was very kind.
The two of them went on a website to browse around.
It was always packed and busy.
Tom and Bill started arguing about the electricity plug, and fought.
She called the entire family to come over and eat but no one was available.
She made some cakes for the cakewalk but woke up to find someone had eaten a slice out of both of them.
When the spelling bee finally came, May was as cool as a cucumber.
Janet gave the ball behind the trees.
They enjoyed their lunch and each paid her own tab.
I decided to cheer him up.
She enjoyed sharing them with her dad, Bob, even more.
During their break, he wrote her a note.
However her wife insisted on a family reunion.
She has recently started drinking several energy drinks a day.
A cat was on the tracks and he couldn't stop in time.
When I was little, I ripped it so bad that it couldn't be patched up anymore.
He will start home schooling next fall.
Her mom gave a dress out of the donated clothes.
Luckily, his gardener did that for him.
The calls all came from the same area code, so she blocked them easily.
Brian hired a professional to do something about it since he was unknowledgeable on gardening.
We ordered a bunch of siomai.
She's never ate there.
He didn't have a car or bike.
She knew he would help, so she wasn't worried.
He owns his own design company.
One of them was beautiful it was white with blue eyes.
He saw a girl waiting with no bags.
She spent all her money on a gift.
But she decided to wash all the dishes this time.
He decided to pay for it.
She kept her dog on a leash.
She had to sell her favorite ring and felt very sad.
He helped children find clean water.
When Drew said yes, they went to the museum together.
He has perfect putting and chipping so he no longer needs to practice.
He sold his farm.
Her umbrella broke due to the wind current.
He found out that his cousin had been in a car accident.
He keeps getting interviewed and offered desk jobs at the station.
Lee looked everywhere, but the suits were so ugly!.
He was offered some speakers at a really bad price.
They did not argue even once.
He's gaining weight so he's not allowed to eat them anymore.
He was the new boss and everyone feared him.
Ronnie listened to his advice.
So Gray decided to transfer to a bigger baseball school.
One day her mother left her alone in the house to play.
Ana decided to get rid of her car and use public transportation.
And someone laid out chips and dip.
Last December her husband took a job in Africa.
I invite my friends to my home when I have a pool party.
My boss made a request for me and now I can use a company laptop.
He had his choice of games and decided to play slots.
The scientist was disappointed when he checked over his inconclusive results.
Jon picked a mascot because their school was the mustang.
She cracked the eggs perfectly.
The hurricane brought sunshine to her area.
The temperature began to rise gradually.
Beth thought she would make friends easily but no one wanted to talk to the American girl.
He called a repair shop, who said he can have a free consult.
There night was beautiful.
He plugged his phone in so it wouldn't die.
Jim thought he couldn't wing everything, and that included the concert.
He didnt go because he wouldnt know anyone there.
Her parents gave her money, enough to buy a car.
She donned the hat and used a stick as a magic wand.
But now she prepared to tell Jamie she liked him.
She never noticed Charles and traveled a lot for the job.
She did not like animals, but she had a crush on the director.
Joe had seen it and immediately visited it.
He looked for his wallet and found out it was missing.
When I got off the bus there was a man sleeping.
He was at a hotel.
One of her friends found it and she was relieved.
He had the window closed because it was a cold day.
The driver stopped on the side of the road.
Her mom, dad, and siblings were at her Aunt Betty's house.
He tried many different products and finally it cleared up.
He never eats regular human food though.
Grandpa fished and Sandy watched.
The new Halo video game was phased out today.
Dominick dropped out from school.
Hank was an idiot and clumsy....he fell down on top of his arrows and died.
One Sunday morning Jenna decides to swim on the beach.
Nicole decided to complain to her boss about him.
They cooked vegetables and salmon on the grill.
She was outside of the gym so she knew she was in the right place.
My classmate and I were discussing the roles for each person.
They were just jealous.
His mother cooked ham and several side dishes.
He found it right away.
She was waiting for a friend until nightfall.
They watched the floats, became bored, and left.
He saw something fly through the air and land on a tree branch.
She had been at the beach but didn't want anyone to know.
She found a friend who helped her learn how to be kind and happy.
Once younger he realized that the stream was big enough to jump.
She can't have fun with her husband because he's a complainer.
She knew she couldn't do it, and tried push ups instead.
Avery is 2 and Connor is 1.
But he never had any secret admirers.
I sold it on ebay.
He had time to swerve before hitting a deep pothole.
I accidentally spilled some beer on the table.
When she didn't get accepted, she sulked in her room.
So she went and sat inside a bedroom closet.
So Victoria went to the store to look for a puppy.
both of them had ever been ice skating before.
His father was dead.
She is monitoring her time.
She'd ask how Brittany was, and Brittany would always respond.
He went to see his doctor and he decided to do a sleep test.
He walked to his hotel.
Her dog saw a rabbit dead on the road.
She and her dad got advance tickets.
The housekeepers never listened and always looked in it.
Mary made herself pasta and started scarfing it down.
But it wasn't long until I tired of walking and went on to another exercise.
One day her boss fired her.
She drank hot tea and ate soup and the sore throat went away the next day.
First she took the child to the pool and release her.
Alas, I didn't think I could survive twenty hours of work per week.
The boy however thought it was funny and cute.
I hate going to new york.
When she came by, he pulled her hair.
I took my time because I was already late.
He was wearing the wrong kind of gloves.
He checked online, but saw no doctors that issued medical marijuana cards.
However to her dismay, she couldn't start her car.
She made cupcakes for her friends.
Larry was too jealous to ever approach his neighbor to ask how his grass was so lush and green.
It was the day to take school photos and he doesn't want to take his.
He refused to give them his contact information.
They saw an advertisement of sandcastle building contest.
Mario was so good at entertaining because he always stayed sober.
He knew he had to go to the post office.
He forget to packed his guitar and amp in his car.
The bums never asked Tom for spare change.
She jokingly asked her mom to make her a salad.
They smell very good.
He went down to Big O tires and the guys checked out the tires and filled them up for him, free.
He found nothing of interest in the attic so he simply left his grandfather's house.
She felt like no one liked her nose either.
Jane got to the mall first, and she called Tom to see where he was.
His father promised him a new toy if he ate his broccoli.
He loved taking his boat out by himself.
Barney loved Pickles more than anything in the world.
But I could still afford it.
He decided to emulate how healthy, well-rounded people train.
He woke up just on time .
I bring a surfboard with me.
He has no friends.
He was hungry and asked his mom to make him a pizza.
They looked out and there was a howling coyote in their yard.
The next day, she had a quiz and felt very unprepared.
She knew all the lyrics to every song they ever made but she wanted to be a singer like Janis Joplin.
Then a huge dog walked out in front of me.
She decided to have the usual.
He declined to go to the military academy because he opted for art school.
It's been some time any employers called.
He got to the end of the street and he kept going.
The repairman told me it would be free to repair.
She was so confident about her skills and didn't mind her dressing.
He and his wife thought of sleeping all day.
His girlfriend knew that, but got him a cake anyway.
She still hadn't completed all her term papers and exams.
I tried to take it home but dropped it in a river by accident.
Every cloud was present in the sky.
Her therapist recommended she get a dog.
A friend of Mary's drove by and gave them a ride to their destination.
Luckily, I had been studying hard all year and it wasn't as bad as I thought.
He realized he forgot his wallet and went back home.
She hinted to her mother for months beforehand.
It grew to be safe.
It was for the holidays for the best Easter lemon cookie.
Fred inherited a great deal of money and forgot about the joke shop.
He and his friends only played the game after school while his parents were still at work.
A policeman saw this and noticed that none of the watches worked.
Her uncle invited Annie to see the new baby cows.
He had us write a letter to our future children at our age.
He dumped his girlfriend and quit his job.
They loved to go their separate ways.
One day his mom had an accident.
He won 100 dollars at the slots and went home.
She won tickets to her favorite carnival.
The blaring sound of a neighbor's stereo pierced the air.
She smashed all three of them and didn't see any more.
They surprised her with a newborn kitten given to them by neighbors.
She thought she had a good voice but she was tone deaf and awful.
Joe is afraid to tell Christiane he got fired.
She got a promotion, though, and like her new job much better.
She was excited to get a raise.
She learned from a book.
He buys them from a cigar shop.
Tonight was a night she will never have them.
They keep stealing my food.
Although her friends looked surprised, they fully accepted her sexual orientation.
In two weeks, he would move into his new house.
They both aced the test.
He decided to rent one right on the lake and it was a perfect weekend.
But I was at work when she came.
After some shopping around, she couldn't find any.
There was some music playing at her Jazzercise studio.
He was missing one of them and didn't realize his toddler son had put it in the toilet.
His wife Sandra sat beside him on their balcony.
She went online and paid it plus the late fee.
Briana spotted a huge jellyfish.
She realized she don't have enough money to buy a pair of shoes.
She decided leave it empty.
She denied to give it to me.
They wanted to stay in on Friday night.
They decided to have a vacation at home.
I went online and there were no materials needed for safety.
Their favorite part of the falls is getting in barrels and going off the edge.
He is two years old.
She got on the bus and was wide awake.
I went to thrift stores and garage sales and got to sell a lot of things.
She got it all prepared and stayed by the oven while it cooked.
I'm still buying as many as I can.
He decided to buy one.
Small dogs were a good size for the apartment.
He graduated college early but couldn't find work.
He needed a day light.
We went to bed early after talking about our favorite memories of her.
Unfortunately, Kelsi got sick and they had to postpone their date.
He had ordered a new couch.
The friends were playing poker and drinking soda.
I started painting on the front lawn when the polish feel.
I rested all day and still forgot to do the assignment and got an F in class.
She thought they were tacky and outdated.
Amy had some help from her grandma.
When I got home, my gum was on my shirt.
She decided to order a chicken gumbo.
Every now and then, he would be smiled at by a female.
One day she got in trouble at home.
When she put on her back pack, she double checked that it was there.
She was reading a book.
We ate them all for dinner.
he decided to go to online to buy furniture.
She asked him for answers.
He decided not to go to work.
In order to go, she had to write an essay and present it to the class.
Jen's car is full tank.
He snuck into the empty band room every day after school.
After school Amy decided to sleep.
She had everything she needed to make spaghetti, which was her husband's favorite.
He wanted to improve women's rights in his country.
He had noticed one of the lifeguards was a friend from the school.
Luckily, Tom could easily avoid it by going out the back door.
the girls walked into an exclusive sshoe boutique and looked around.
He found a new stable job.
Tim's classmate promised to give him a cookie after school.
I tried eating tofu but it tasted so horrible I couldn't use it anymore.
Someone picked it up.
She was home with him when the phone rang.
She found a video a new music video.
He rushed out into the hard sleet rain wearing an impenetrable snow jacket.
She pushed her kids out of the car and told them to walk, for exercise.
Her friends recommend she stops for breaks when driving long distances.
The doctors told him he had a good chance to live.
He would always kick the ball as hard as he could.
I realized it was my first day of vacation.
I loved Cheesy potato soup growing up.
He often made his own when the markets ran out of pretzels.
But, he thought it seemed like too much work so he ordered a pizza.
She decided not to look for a replacement.
He was good at digging.
Later in the evening he began to feel much better.
While he was at the store, he spent it on chips.
He fell and luckily he didn't scrape his knee.
The elections were cancelled.
The girl had learned Taekwando and stopped Val's attack.
She wanted to shave all of her hair off.
They were all babies.
The wanted the first dog they saw.
She wanted to grow pot next.
When she couldn't find it, her husband bought her another one but it just wasn't the same.
The president made a long introduction.
Suzy knew exactly who it belonged to.
He hated his job for it hardly made money.
I was sick and decided not to go to work.
When she grew up, she convinced herself there were so many things to fear.
When he went to the zoo, he visited the gorillas.
Just two hours is all John needed to finish his football game.
Every Monday he gathered all of his trash and collect it near the curb.
His coworker suggested he drink an energy drink.
They decided to suck it up and learn to love it and they did.
He didn't tell anyone because he didn't want people to feel bad if they couldn't afford them.
None of my photos are of trolleys.
She had never seen animals before so she was very scared.
Next to a tree I found a fallen branch.
She was displeased at the high prices on the menu and left.
Her father called for her to stop.
Since she was not married, she became a single mother to a beautiful baby girl.
When I came into the cafeteria, the line was really short for some reason.
She spent so much time doing hair and makeup that she was late.
She came back home and made some pancakes and the coffee hit the spot.
She noticed she was completely alone on the sidewalk.
He had small feet and would wear them a long time.
He didn't want to go into the workforce so he decided to go back to school for his Masters.
She asked her husband to make her a sandwich.
She is ready.
By the time he got home it was cold, so he threw it away.
He couldn't get anywhere near the famous person.
She grabbed a chair and took the batteries out of the broken alarm.
He left it at home.
She was sure she remembered how to swim.
He tried to diagnose the puppy.
He felt like life was worth living.
One of the friends fell on a trek.
All of the clothes were incredibly overpriced.
When I sat down to take the test, I was so happy.
She gauged her progress by her favorite dress.
The local orchard suffered flooding and was closed.
His house was unlocked though.
But the drummer is missing.
Now she saw a motorcycle riding on the street.
At the department store, she saw a beautiful dress.
Donna can no longer afford to buy so much expensive candy.
I had an abscess.
He talked the idea over with his mother.
When they began to drive, Martha fell asleep.
They were all in the closet, reading funny stories.
Bob didn't know what to do with the graphics card.
There was a big gust of wind, and the baby bird almost fell out of the nest.
His job was to greet the customer at the door.
I went the long way from then on.
When we returned, we decided to close the main water.
I wrapped myself in the bedspread and quilt to stay warm.
Kate drew some rough ideas on a napkin.
His father made him get a job.
They never stopped arguing from the moment the trip began.
She decided that she had misplaced them.
She worked at the service desk, but she was being moved to the cash register.
The idea bored her.
It only takes us a few minutes to choose a movie.
He caught the bus just in time and had a great day.
I said no and stayed home watching TV.
Last weekend they wanted to go cosmic bowling.
He was having a good time when he got exciting news via text.
He had a class there for his amateur's program.
One day, Shane's cousin invited him to a theme park with friends.
He places each exam paper in the persons hand secretly.
He talked to the lady receptionist, who scared him into going home instead.
It was due in a month.
I knew how to play the game better than my son did.
I came across another car.
He had no siblings.
She only had almond butter and jelly.
Sarah went in and didn't come back out.
The kids' parents came home early and gave her five dollars extra.
Unfortunately, he cannot find the settings to block numbers.
He could not play in the game due to a knee injury.
However, the realtor surprised them with a buyer who wanted to install their own flooring.
She left the home of a child who lived with grandparents.
He looked everywhere, luckily he found it.
He wanted to meet Ed, his biological father.
She decided she hated the painting and ended up throwing it away.
My husband ask who the person the person was.
She rode with her neighbor to get dropped off at work.
My sister left me plenty of spending money.
She texted me that she was very busy working.
She found out she ate too much.
He applied to college for law enforcement but was rejected.
He managed to use half the deck before it crumbled.
I ran into the house only to find the show had been preempted for the world series.
Joe seen something on their roof.
Her favorite was Italian herb bread.
They didn't care about their place in class.
I bought him long hair products since he wanted to keep the hair.
His job gave him a pay cut right after the holiday season.
He loved going outside and feeling like the other big kids so nothing every stopped him.
Throughout school, she was praised by others.
James couldn't find much foil so he made a helmet by putting foil around a bowl and taping two spoons to the sides.
She attended the yoga classes at different studios in her small town.
I got my period and was miserable.
She decided to write books.
He camped on the beach.
Joyce didn't want anymore children.
She happened upon a family tree with some accurate information.
The music was so bad to her she vowed never to become interested in playing instruments.
He didn't want to wear ugly glasses so his mother agreed to get him contacts.
The sun started shining just as she was about to go out.
The town wanted to kill the rumor.
The woman was much to busy to date and never married.
Jim took his dog to the witch doctor.
I didn't have enough time at the beach to get a good tan on vacation.
It was hard for Bert to find a fancy vegetarian dinner.
On the squad she broke her leg and had to leave the team.
Amy was in the middle of deciding when a third offer came through that was the best.
Gina thought he was cute.
Now it was time to go outside.
She loved baking at first but then she realized it was hard work and way too much mess.
Lisa failed Math.
Harry was really sad and got really depressed.
She thought she was having brain problems but it ended up that she needed glasses.
She finally left for college and didn't even become homesick.
He rarely practiced which made him bad at it.
Amy kept waking up when her dad leave her at a gas station.
He spent little during Hanukkah.
She was very healthy.
So she decided to cook meatloaf.
But he noticed that his hearing was becoming worse.
She noticed there were new trees in the yard.
He was moved so much by the story that he gave away half of his toys.
But she always know how to play.
She was afraid of making her sight worse.
He cleaned up the basement and kept the room empty.
Chris saw a art gallery on the internet.
He begins taking caffeine pills which keep him wide awake.
He bought an overcoat.
They asked their dad to take them to the store.
It seem like a normal day until a man with a bunch of cats stopped me.
She researched the makeup artist career path and decided it wasn't for her.
The lake was behind her grandparents home where alligators used to live.
She was too fat and it ripped.
My wife checked it and didn't see anything wrong.
She finally found her dream job with perfect bosses.
He decided against switching to a new company because he liked his current insurance provider.
I checked it out.
I hired a professional to take it apart and fix the problem.
He applied but didn't get accepted.
She tried everything and does not want to give up.
Jen's niece moved into her house after Jen became her guardian.
Luckily, she found them still in the car because she forgot to take them out.
The baby was healthy and my pregnancy was easy.
Later, he asked me if I had seen his watch.
One day, they both ran around the track five times.
She'd refused to answer it then, but decided to finally answer it now.
Then one day Pepper almost got away so he started using a leash.
He called his wife to pick him up.
Horrified i realized my mailbox was leaking and soaked my mail.
By the time he graduated college he was already recruited into the major leagues.
Carrie immediately jumped up excitedly and grabbed the spider.
I had been on many planes, and was relaxed.
This was the 2nd time she had forgotten, and she didn't know that she could get a refund.
His wife reminded him they were bankrupt.
Everyone at school hated the bag.
She was forced to, she would rather study African culture.
As a result, I tried to leave the stain out.
She was sitting out and watching others do poses to learn.
Roy hated tea.
He let her off with a warning.
She worked hard to motivate the team even though she's out with an injury.
He decided to stay down the hill.
It was Valentine's Day.
Her tax refund check didn't come in the mail.
This savings total was 4 dollars and 53 cents.
She did not lose weight.
They rode until lunchtime.
But he sucks at playing basketball.
She found the exact one she wanted.
One day, he drew a photo oh his coworker.
His mother used his car and totaled it.
She wanted to invite all her friends except her mom.
The waves were very calm and small.
He missed his garbage pickup and was stuck with his can full.
Thankfully she wasn't hurt.
She loved it so much that she was afraid to ever wear it.
He got a horse and rode it every day.
It didn't sell well ad Chad pulled the app.
The building was only 2 stories high.
He decided it was time for him to buy a car.
Nick made new friends easily.
He knew she wanted a kitten.
He called and ordered a pizza delivery.
Doug had to postpone because he had to work.
She decides to skip the dentist and continues ignoring it.
All school year the kids dreaded the trip.
He planned out all his meals but never ate the right foods.
But her little brother was constantly eyeing them.
They had to cancel the trip because they couldn't afford it.
He went to school for years.
He finally realized that he never had a girlfriend because he wasn't attracted to females.
Then she went put on some mustard.
He drank some milk before bed.
I fixed it that day.
She fell asleep.
Then I met a girl who was bad to me.
He works on his novel every night.
He didn't notice anything different about his toothpaste.
They didn't have fireworks of their own, so they watched them from afar.
Guys weren't interested in me but I was very interested in Adam.
They went to the beach to go swimming.
My boss didn't notice.
Joe gave most of the baby hamsters to friends but had three left.
Her choir concert was scheduled for the night before the show.
Her parents kept it real and discouraged her from pursuing it as a serious career.
They quickly realized that it was filled with ants.
Gerald noticed that one of his friends was having a hard time.
Fred was playing in a dart tournament.
Mom seemed to have other plans this year.
I wanted pizza, so I put one in the oven.
She had her key in her pocket.
She decided to not wear them for awhile.
He wore long pants and long sleeve shirt to prevent contact with plants.
We loaded up the car and headed for the beach instead.
We had to mark each healthy tree we surveyed so the work wasn't duplicated.
Her mom knew her desire, but did not want Mary to have a pet.
He finally decided to try the next closest thing available at the local cafe, cappucino.
I went back to school full time.
Bob's friends get Bob to whistle the tune with them after a while.
He desired more social interaction and join a party at a neighborhood after work.
Both kids asked for spaghetti.
She was born first and was her dad's only child.
Her sister took her around the state to look.
Thankfully my friend helped me with it.
He went to a sushi restaurant.
He was sure his parents were giving him money.
They named their new band Slasher.
The boys were cooking dinner, then spilled it all.
The coach praised his shooting skills and he made the team.
I wanted to buy myself a nice present for the holidays.
She moved his TV to a more spacious room so that the technician could work easier.
But they left in 2 days instead.
He desparately wanted to change jobs.
She decided to leave the store.
The governor is recognizing Morgan for her crimes.
They both broke up with their partners to be with each other.
Jon played every day and ended up getting bored.
He was excited so he began to play with his desk chair.
He bought wine and appetizers but then his guests cancelled.
But she was happy that  it wasn't pink.
The vase was priceless so he got a replacement that looked identical, fooling even his mom.
He never posts anything on there.
He had never had friends because he never wanted opinions.
I believed I was immaculately conceived!.
He disembarked and gaped in boredom.
The agent did not explain the process.
Last night she ran outside.
My friend brought us each a beer.
He had been to daycare before and was excited to go.
She loved Maxwell House coffee.
They wanted to buy apple juice.
They agreed to become friends on Facebook.
His friend suggested him to take a bus to work instead.
One man passes out and the ambulance had to come.
He decided to open a small clothing store and then bought the supplies.
My sister always fought and screamed when it was time for bed.
They saw the train pull in on time but it looked fine.
Snow was all around him everywhere.
Before the game, he hung out in the car and read a book.
The police arrested Michelle, and she got released.
She wasnt allowed to go.
Whoever could collect the most signatures would win a prize.
She rode her bike to class every day.
She saw something that made her smile.
John gave the man $20 out of his wallet.
It was far too dark, so I looked for a pink polish.
She couldn't afford anything but his backpack, though.
She was not a good cook at home either.
He had no speeding tickets yet, and obeyed cops.
He had a long and frustrating day at school as a third grader.
Bart wasn't good at math so he fired a tutor.
She bought the gift early.
They were all arguing and left separately.
She had so many plans.
They always stay at a campsite, never in a house.
He did not study for the test.
He was a very good student and received a full scholarship.
He said he wanted to see Big Ben in London.
He was trying to walk but his feet were freezing.
He always felt like he belonged though.
She had been waiting for years for him to propose.
He was and excellent cook.
But she noticed that everyone else was more accomplished and she decided to wait until next year.
She walked on the pavement outside.
He introduced himself and said that he was our new regular teacher.
She was unmarried and unsure who the father was.
She love Frozen.
He starts counting sheep.
He grabbed the lawnmower, but had no gas.
His mother said she would take him after she cleaned his room.
She completely forgot and had nothing to turn in.
All day at school, Jan's sister glared at her.
There were tons of cookies in the house.
She was annoyed when they told her that literally every room was occupied so none were available.
One day Toni broke his bicycle.
One day his mom purchased extra bottles so there were always clean bottles available.
She walked to the nearby restaurant and had brunch with a friend.
This year he concentrated on squash, zucchini, corn, and melons.
He was staring at his kite and could not see his dad.
He didn't see the mean boy from history in his path.
He was determined to ride the bike that day so he kept trying until he could.
He bought a set today but it was damaged during delivery, ,so he received a refund.
When the got the restaurant and the food was fantastic.
He calls his cable company to upgrade his cable service.
He moved into a new house with no carpets.
I wanted her to set me up with her friend.
Ken's sister turned off the TV to help him focus.
She was able to resist and didn't touch it.
His mother let him eat as much as he wanted.
The dog ate the bone.
The ice cream had listeria in it, so went out of business quickly.
At the big game he was set to play well for his girl friend.
Sam knew his dad needed a new belt for Christmas, but he doesn't want Sam to buy him a new one.
Beth was telling her she had to let Kay off the phone.
They chickened out at the last minute.
His local swap meet has the best prices for all he needs.
Her friend was telling she had a communicable disease.
One day he noticed the neighbor wandering the street.
On the seventh day, she worsened greatly.
He ordered pasta, pizza and meatballs.
She was thirty and the apartment was in Atlanta.
They had lion you could feed there.
Her mom was allergic to cats, hamsters, and birds.
I got up from the ground, and started crying and ran away.
They arrive at the yogurt shop and realized it is closed.
She said her goodbyes and sat down.
He loves Mexican food.
Amy realized how beautiful her neighborhood was after arriving at school.
His mother said he could get lost in a brown paper sack.
She found the right one in the first place she looked.
She loved the show but she was not excited to be on it.
It was cold for the first day of summer.
She was running late and missed the bus.
He got it straight on the first try.
He had found he just has a sore muscle.
Im unable to run because my legs are paralyzed.
Her parents got her a cat.
My place was too small for a vacuum.
He rapped a couple of songs in the car.
He decided to make himself a small cup of t.
The wife taught her husband to cook.
He was a lifelong fisherman.
He tried to fix it himself and it worked.
He had eaten all his dad's beef jerky crumbs.
They ran out of dough so they went home instead.
He got to the front of the line, and forgot his money.
But she became bored and went home.
He was found in an abandoned building.
She bought the textbook because she had a test next week and all the study materials were on the book.
I couldn't find a good deal and went home.
He immediately purchased one online.
He decided to take the day off.
She chartered a fishing boat to take her offshore, but the boat wouldn't start.
Manny traveled with mom a lot and was bored of hotels.
We were watching the game and fast forwarding through commercials.
She asked them to stay at the house.
She started eating only meat.
He was upset he had to work.
All of her friends had found dates, so they found Jan one, too.
There were no other cars on the road, the storm was so bad.
I always find shoes that fit.
He overslept and was very late the morning of the test.
They met online and were both very nervous.
She killed deer all the time.
He was at the football field with his friends.
He sprayed them with a can of wasp spray.
All of his friends have girlfriends, but Blake's was sick and he was loyal.
His family never took a trip there.
He loved to drag race on the drag strip.
She wanted some fruit.
One of my favorite activities was sight seeing.
She was too poor to afford surgery.
He only likes to catch soft things.
His dad did not think that Bobby was ready.
She found Berlin to be very backward and never returned.
She make her whole house as it is.
He secretly swapped out his own ball for his new invention.
She didnt have a lot of money and only bought the essentials.
She was never able to lose her baby weight.
Bill didn't want the answers and said he preferred to study.
All of a sudden I hit a deer.
He wanted to share those ideas with his friends and family.
He showered, but forgot to wear cologne.
His old one fell apart and his mom refused to get him a new one.
At the bar, he had a shot and a beer.
He put a gallon of powder on the scale and recorded it.
He Proposed on their first anniversary.
They had lived next door to each other since they were kids.
He decides he needs to start hiking.
The sun was up by the time I headed home.
He came across some wild horses that were friendly.
He started a Lawn Care business.
She ran around the track as fast as she could.
He was literally insane and was institutionalized.
I wanted to go to the theater on opening day, but I had no ride.
Everyone thought his pies were terrible.
I looked in my cookbook, and could not find the recipe, so I did not make it.
She raced frantically to get the ladder out of her garage.
She wore them to church to show them off.
Ted is always best at his work.
Even though she hates it, she goes regularly.
The kite festival was cancelled and he wanted to spend money.
He had to roll a 5 on the dice in order to win a million dollars.
After switching to sugar free gum, he never craved candy again.
Lucy dropped out of the recital because it was in just three days.
He didn't try to break anything.
He fought in a disastrous battle, but his regiment survived.
He took a train to see his brother in Florida.
He grew up only eating healthy food.
I quit because I was so unhappy.
I knew it would be busy, but left very late to the airport.
I got my phd and became a professor.
He tried hard but knowing that he is a good player.
They served the worst sweet and sour chicken.
His mother told him he could stay.
She had always been close with her dad's family.
Once I start a show I watch all the seasons on Netflix.
She took pills to help her eat dairy.
She asked her boss to grab some lettuce from the freezer.
The cookies didn't turn out well.
They didn't realize how fast and cold the water would be, and did not wear life jackets.
There was no grapes available in the market.
My buddy Ted and I decided to change classes.
He started pilot lessons yesterday.
Drew had his boat removed in his favorite spot.
I discovered a letter from Chairman Mao among other documents.
She doesn't like his hours but she loves him and wants him to do the job he loves.
Kurt enrolled in school to learn to write.
It was the first day there was no rain.
She brought extras just in case.
Nancy was finished with her paper quickly since she studied well.
He wasn't able to go to her wedding.
I have no more room in my garden though.
They both knew how to light the camp stove.
He said they would defused.
She was not scared to admit it.
As soon as he tried, he felt like a professional.
I dressed properly but when I got to work, I realized I was wearing two different colored shoes.
Both gifts were videogames she liked.
Ricky served the ball and hit Bobby in the head.
Afraid of getting in more trouble, she told her mom right away.
Lucy realized her attitude wasn't working and apologized to May and they went on their outing.
He had a box of tissues on his desk.
However, she never went to rallies about women's rights.
He knew it was healthy but he continued drinking it.
She had been flirting with him for a week.
His mom made him stay home because he kept pointing his gun at people.
Because she was so little, she decided not to make cookies.
She finally went back to work.
Some people found it and decided to care for it.
His mom bought him an Apple watch as a special present.
He claimed it was because of his tumor.
While opening the oven door he burned himself.
He was too poor to visit the dentist.
He notices the dry cleaner ironed his clothes perfectly.
He decided to skip work and stayed in his house.
The kids were big and hit very far.
We made it one state before out truck broke down.
First, she took the kid to sleep.
She was glad she already had lots of friends at that school.
His parents were wealthy, so he expected an extravagant gift.
One day, June felt particularly warm.
She had to cancel her plans because of bad weather.
Well most the people there forget him and he forget most of them as well.
He got his anger under control with therapy.
It was the trees outside.
His mom loved giving him candy.
He only could for one year and had a great time.
So she wrote that their parents were planning to send him to boarding school.
She wanted to become a accountant.
They didn't have a budget and were aiming to get married by March.
One wrestler, Fire King, swung a lead pipe at the other.
In a state of rage, he murdered his dad and immediately turned himself in.
He would like to give it a try to taste the water at the ocean.
They rolled it in on a trundle so the cake wouldn't fall.
She was so thankful but told me she could not accept it.
She put on her swimsuit and went to the pool instead of the beach.
Adam was gay unfortunately for her.
Jim saw someone texting their friend on the cell phone.
He took a train to Berlin but it broke down in the middle of nowhere.
We heard news that celebrities were coming to town.
He had three roommates and it felt like living with his parents again.
He took care of her on his own.
He kept looking at her.
The line was too long, so he left.
John was down to see his dad.
He checked the grounding but it was fine.
I just wanted to sing beautiful lullabies for my kids.
He won a free oil change from work.
Maria's mom was a thrifty shopper.
I think the officer was being racist, but he finally let me in.
It was a beautiful wedding.
They both liked men.
His boat was given as a gift and it meant a lot to him.
He decided it was everyone else's problem.
She had no money to get one.
Carl immediatly woke up because of all his tasks.
John couldn't get a realtor.
I got a cute cut and felt good about it.
He took his keys and threw it at the wall.
I suddenly remembered I had no sunscreen.
He always plays solitaire.
They agreed on going fishing on a lake.
Ahead of her a cop had stopped a car.
They went outside to go swimming.
A deer walked out and almost hit no one.
When Jane asked who was there, a man said he was delivering a present.
The first day she arrived early and got a front seat.
There were not enough kids interested to form a team, though.
Anita decided to be on the committee to select judges.
He needs to go home as soon as possible.
People only ordered the last one.
They went out to eat mexican food.
He played the guitar and had really short hair.
It was a small cake and easy to carry.
She was jealous afterwards because i was better than her.
She was always the life of the party.
We went to a department store and all the stuff was gone.
He worked very hard to make money playing music, and succeeded since it was so easy.
One day his group of friends went blueberry picking.
His dentist always tried to make him feel better, but had no luck.
Rick decided not to enter the talent show.
Planning failed and she just bought her a gift instead.
In the morning, he brought a bottle of water for her.
Sue never went with her friends to skip class.
She finished it all in one hour.
He had been relaxing short hours with the band for weeks.
Jen has to stop and pick up her cat to put her on the bed.
On our way we ignored a sign inviting the public to pick apples.
He played in the snow.
Her parents took her out for dinner.
Then a friend told him he had to visit California.
She invited her friends over to help her but no one showed.
He watched youtube videos online for amusement.
He decided to run away from his bully, so he never saw him any more.
The whole flight made me nervous.
Lily wore it all day.
His little sister asked him to make eggs for her.
They completely know about the procedure.
On his way back to the station he found a small boy walking alone.
His parents said yes.
My mom surprised us with take out from Bertucci's restaurant.
He took it all to a dry cleaner to do it for him.
They got lost on the way and missed it.
She got them redone before she went on vacation.
His parents did not allow him to get a puppy.
I looked everywhere for the perfect case and finally found one.
Hank explained Bob did not inherit any collectibles.
Her dad said she couldn't get one until she was older.
She was stingy, and never gave them as gifts to others though.
She decided to knit her dad a blanket.
She decided to invite her friends over for hot cocoa.
She wanted to show them where she always went on vacation when she was younger.
He saved and got a mac.
He brought him outside sometimes but always kept the gate locked.
It was a long game and no one won.
Eve was concerned she wouldnt make friends because shes pretty cold to others.
One day her grandma offered to take her to a book picnic.
At school, her best friend offered Jane a stick of gum.
She kept it safe and never broke it.
Jason's girl friend does not want to clean the attic alone.
They decided to give the cat to a close friend.
I started on it right away and got it done before I went home.
But he was very artistic.
She worked in the office.
He was in a parking lot and tried a new trick.
One day, he made a story to his friends.
She had broken her leg.
She got a job working as a baby sitter.
They were very unfriendly.
I put in ear plugs.
She tried to quit today and succeeded.
But his mom was proud he didn't have any real career skills.
It was a big TV she put in a giant safe that was locked.
She kept her new job and has a lot of savings.
He loved his fish very dearly, but killed him on accident.
He decided to hug them.
They are staying in a hotel.
They treated her like equals.
She was craving chips.
It was morning and they were outside seeing clearly.
Tina accidentally stole a soda can.
He dropped his phone and cracked the screen.
They urged him to join, and Fred went with them because he could swim.
She was going to surprise her with a spa day.
She was only 3 but had the attitude of a teenager.
It seemed as though his vegetables were growing quickly.
He took lessons and learned to ride.
He got an internship with a photographer.
He discovered that he was completely out of vegetables.
He wanted to give her a nice sock.
One of his opponents praised him.
They entered cake competitions all the time.
I sat on his lap, and told him one thing I wanted for Christmas.
He felt very strong three days before the big match.
At the store she would always stay next to her as they passed stores.
She didn't want to try, either.
The animal bucked calmly and the rider was holding on easily.
But she started to choke on it.
One day, he tipped the lamp over and caught it before it fell.
His wife told him to get two.
One day he bought cheap tickets and went to the airport.
But Tom forgot that they are playing.
She almost do not have a full grasp of her classes.
She thought the goes caused the wound at her right toe.
But she doesn't want to buy one.
I declined because I didn't want an intense game.
The baby sleeps like a log.
She invited Ramona and Kelly but not Bethenny.
Her friends from work and school invited her to the same party.
One day we bought a large dish from another place.
I found out he has a maid who cleans for him.
We went to his apartment in the city.
She got her kids a bunch of cash as a gift.
She went cold turkey.
She entered her painting into a local gallery.
He gave it a quick battery test before he tried it himself.
Lina fell and broke her foot.
I qualified for a lot of jobs.
They were bored to go on the coasters.
She wanted to decorate it with fresh fruit.
She bought a house on the outskirts.
I watched the victory parade on television.
After watching many games on TV they finally went to see one live.
She was feeling excited the night before.
He bought a lot at the store before work.
Joe was sick about it so he gave her his identical smartphone and went without one for awhile.
She had bought a John Deere because she loved the colors.
A man called and demanded he play summer music.
One day, his cousin Nic asked him to shoot an orange from his head.
He finished riding, and was landing.
But the store was out of chocolate ice cream.
To her excitement however she fell from below.
She was in early stages and was fighting it off.
Her teacher said her ankles were too strong for it right now.
She was so excited.
He did not have a specialty, and lacked experience to be a master manipulator.
John's family gathere on a blanket, but John forgot the lighter.
All of the girls could beat her.
She decided to make new friends.
He needed it because he didnt have fat any other way.
He went to the pound, but there were no cats.
She started avoiding me completely and started a boycott of my business.
Because I was smaller and cooler nobody let me sit with them.
Peter found tennis to be easy and was clearly a prodigy.
The purse was too small and she had to return it.
She could not find her dress.
She was living with her boyfriend.
Everyone started calling him.
After loading the boat, the family realized that the engine wouldn't start.
She went shopping that night.
Leo invited all of his co-workers and their friends even though he was new to the office.
The lifeguard was not on duty today.
Tommy always wanted a kitty.
Joan agreed to always wear sweaters so they wouldn't have to fight over the thermostat.
It was a bruise she got last week.
She went downtown and stole food from the convenience store.
She left her phone at home.
Her family ate them all.
She had heard all about it, and the front rows were completely filled.
It began to rain, and everyone had to leave the beach.
They accidentally gave her the wrong order the one she picked up had anchovies.
She decided to go to sleep early.
Today, I got a request to work again from my ex boss.
He loved playing guitar so decided to try to go to musical college.
I bought a Rolleiflex.
She hated all the presents she usually got, including silver bracelets.
I ordered a turkey off Amazon Fresh.
He had more beets than he could possibly eat.
He was very understanding and patient.
In the evening she slept outside to greet her pal.
He left night school to pursue a different career.
We drove past a field full of trees.
So a foe, Zach, was told to go away.
He used it to watch horror movies with his friends.
They don't know what to do.
She went into her garden but saw she didn't have the fruits she needed.
He tried out for the school paper but discovered he was no good at writing.
He bought a condominium instead.
She had to share with her two sisters.
She had wanted to find a place she secretly smoke a cigarette.
She learned she was going to have  a picture with them.
The luggage requirement meant Dan had to pack so many things.
She decided to cut 10 inches off her hair.
She ran and made the train just in time.
They decided to go to a local heavy metal music concert.
The problem is is that there were no seats left.
His teacher convinced him to join his school's track and field team.
Whiskers was downstairs eating.
It was easy and only took a short amount of time to finish moving.
She put them away and saved the rest for later.
She had to change because they had a big stain on them.
She was given a promotion by her boss.
My father stopped by.
He was bored to get tickets to her concert.
Clara decided she would blow off studying all week despite knowing nothing about the exam.
He had put a fancy animal to add to the diorama.
As an adult he felt it was too late.
My teacher taught the class about the color blue.
It never rebuilt the coast.
When Emma turned 18 she decided to forget her birth parents.
Unfortunately, the milk carton was empty.
He became quite familiar with the area so he never got lost.
He got a tutor to help him.
Her boyfriend hates watching movies but likes to make Amy happy.
She decided to make an account on a social media site.
Jason thinks his internet is being stolen by his neighbor.
Bill decided he drank too much water.
He contacted a local business, but they already had a website.
It was so easy he spent most of the day daydreaming.
She was playing volleyball.
This cut her hair at home instead.
She helped me for free.
But he didn't get a full-ride scholarship to the University of Texas.
He called and ordered delivery.
I could not find a game for my iPad.
She scheduled an appointment for professional bleaching.
His landlord made him get rid of the dog.
Her mother loved going to the mall.
They decided to seek marriage counseling to save their marriage.
During a storm, both her dogs were killed in a car accident.
He wants to be normal at his school.
Anni never seemed to be satisfied.
As she was running down the street, the bus driver spotted her and stopped to let her on!.
He told his friends he can't come.
Her mom was very proud.
She had eight teachers, and could afford eight gifts.
A friend at work rejected her to a party in the park.
They could always make him feel great, but lately he stopped going.
Every day, Mike would publish a podcast so he didn't have to talk to fans directly.
My wife could not find a restaurant with open reservations.
He found the gear in his local music shop.
She stayed home because she was very sick.
He broke his hand and couldn't play for months.
She knew her parents couldn't afford a pony.
His father suggested that he study the works of great leaders.
He received good grades in every course including Spanish.
His favorite part of his job was that he could eat free burgers.
After a quick search online, Ian decided to not have any games.
They were approved of by her parents.
The weather was bad and we didn't see anything.
She could not find her books and notes and realized she had lost them all.
He kept his phone off to keep it from ringing.
She got out and went inside.
He woke up from a nap and couldn't move his body.
Charles moved shortly after.
He took a train in order to get to work on time.
And Jeff and his Class took a test, so they did not have time for a part.
But the one thing he wanted to do was catch a live trout.
They looked like butternut.
He got sea sick.
Suddenly, a girl rode her bike out in front of him and he skidded to a stop.
But he was getting sleepy.
His girlfriend and friends wanted him to grow it even longer.
Mark wanted to stay in his house and sleep.
He forgot this cellphone was still in the pocket of his polo shirt.
They quickly began a basketball game.
She had fallen asleep after doing her homework.
Suddenly, it started raining.
She started ordering her coffee with much more milk.
The dogs owners came to get him.
He put the bowling ball in a case and did not use it.
She opened her door and saw everything was exactly where she left it.
The senior class was having the annual pajama day.
Alicia was doing drugs which made her nose run.
He did not have friends like Gatsby, his hero.
No one wants her to get hurt so they put her in the walker.
Once on a visit, she inquired as to why my birthday was not everyday.
I punched him in the face and knocked him out.
Lisa took them down before she applied for a job she really wanted.
They plant tomatoes but tomatoes wouldn't grow in their garden.
The next thing he knew, he had a flat tire and from then on he almost disliked the car.
It was expensive, and had a new furnace.
They had been best friends for 10 years and were going to Antarctica.
She hadn't been invited anywhere last year and stayed home.
She ordered a cup of iced coffee.
He had been practicing his painting for so long he knew he was ready.
He ask for a bottle of ketchup from his mom.
Unfortunately, he couldn't afford to purchase a fancy sports car.
I quickly ran to the lady, but did not know cpr.
Audrey was strong enough to push her.
Jim hated golf.
Max decided to pick up a paper ball and throw it at an old lady.
She dropped it and pouted.
He goes to the grocery store and finds everything but carrots.
But she decided she would rather hire a cook instead of read.
The weight came off easy.
He moved to America when he was a teenager.
When he got to the turkeys, they had none left.
I only cooled the bag for several minutes.
She invited all the girls including Katie.
He had nothing to drink as he was the designated driver that night.
There were hardly any people at the ticket counter.
He figured the easiest way was to get gastric bypass surgery in order to avoid exercising.
I turned down my invitation.
I agreed and he said to meet him at the restaurant.
I drove slow and made it home quick.
He quit because it was unhealthy and never drank soda again.
They wanted to try everything but oysters.
As I was running my phone started to ring.
She brought her earphones to listen to music.
Ann decided not to bail him out.
I paid him back quickly.
He needed to study a story book.
I decided to throw it away.
He invited her to a basketball game.
And he doesn't want to go to the gas station.
Logan counted all of his cards he accumulated and everything was there.
One afternoon his mother told him to do chores while he was playing outside.
One year, she missed Thanksgiving with her family, 5 hours away.
Jeff stayed away from the cat because he was scared.
She only swam in the lake.
Caroline has a twin sister and Andy accidentally flirted with her on occasion which makes him blush.
She has been serious of me every day.
No one was hurt too bad.
Her family did not have much money and she did not have any nice dresses.
He went to the bakery and bought some donuts.
He had a big meeting and could not miss work.
She drove to the mall but couldn't find her friends.
She looked everywhere and found him at a pound.
So he decided to start a fundraiser to recycle all sorts of plastics, glass, and metal.
His mother only bought vanilla.
He had great insurance but could not get an appointment.
There was no explosion though.
His father built him a very nice custom play house out of wood.
They all fell asleep.
He was too lazy and decided not to move any of his furniture.
Suddenly, one of the couples left.
He had a foot condition that made his feet stink and he couldn't get rid of it so we broke up.
She did not want to talk to them.
He'd bought tickets to see an amazing comedian.
Rita did not like it.
Lucy's boyfriend came is just as she was done and they left together.
He looked down to see his mom's angel statue fortunately just fine.
She styled her friend's hair at the salon she owned.
The tournament winner wins all the prize money.
Joe explained that he was at the diner and told Cam to wait for him at home, to which he agreed.
It came up heads half the time.
She was talking to Gary.
On the day I became a teacher, I bought a dog.
She prepared colors, but she forgot to boil the eggs.
2 days later and I am starting a great new role.
We visited the statue of liberty, but forgot the camera the whole trip.
He grew a lot of vegetables.
Once it was his turn paid for a slice.
They have no children.
Sick of watching the video, Lily threw it in the trash in front of everyone.
She went into labor in the hospital.
His friends always have, but he had no interest in celebrating with them.
She decided not to go to the library.
He put on his glasses and he could read it perfectly.
They went every weekend.
She invited one of her friends.
He's very happy with his choice of color of the masters bedroom.
Luckily, he came to his senses, got back on the road and went home.
One day, the local cafe put pickles on my hot dog.
He died and I buried it with him.
He screamed and yelled in the grocery store.
He had a lot of money to buy it.
We made sure it was full each time so we check for leaks and found a huge crack in the fuel tanks.
At first, she hated the country.
All the bacon was put away in the fridge.
She ate too much turkey and was stuffed.
Gina decided to keep it for herself.
She made him watch youtube tutorials.
It was for the talent show and she was not nervous.
He thought he could always be beat.
They all decided to go swimming in the water.
One night, Frank and his friend drink for the weekend.
They did something different every month and this month they worked at the soup kitchen.
I took my cat Ziggy to the park.
He kept still.
They knew it wouldn't be appropriate and avoided each other.
She only needed a few things that day.
The weather was perfect at that time of year.
He noticed it was going to rain, so he put the paint away until tomorrow.
He was able to fix it himself.
While walking they stopped by the shop.
His boat was sinking so he called for help.
And he knew it was important to sleep before a test.
The wooden doors were shut and did not even budge.
We all walked the short distance to the bar.
She planned a pizza and bowling party for him with his entire class.
She never watched it because her boyfriend hated it.
She was disappointed when she realized she couldn't go.
He refuses to use computers to create art.
She was allergic though, so she had to admire them from afar.
Their new job was very close to their house and they could walk there together.
Once, I made a small cup of iced tea.
She'd been sick for two weeks, and the last of her tissues was gone.
I named it Lady and it was one of my closest friends.
He would never betray her.
He decided to work as a baby sitter.
He threw a stick.
She loved to listen to peoples stories and blow them off if they tried to flirt.
She was too scared of them though.
A branch broke and Mikey fell out of the tree.
He carted them down the hall to the storage room and kept the bubble wrap on them.
I never went because it was expensive.
On his way home from Hollywood, he found $5 on steps.
It's turning out boring.
She charged too much for a glass of fresh squeezed lemonade, so nobody bought anything.
He brought his boyfriend.
A little boy thankfully warned me his dog would bite.
They were choosing caskets.
She stole some at the store.
That's why she was taking the semester off from math.
One of his friends recommends that he tries playing baseball.
He accidentally stood her up because he was scared.
He was worried about the expenses.
We were not able to invade Iraq in 2002.
Brandon's girlfriend has already left.
On his first day he had a great time.
She can find any the clothes she needed though.
But he needs to because of his hectic schedule.
In class one day, Ted's computer stopped working.
My wife hates to shop, and needed my help picking out shoes.
The old lady punched him in the throat.
He met a woman at church.
He said he found it across town.
It grew very fast.
Ben decided to stay home and dream about the park.
When her sister returned it, Emma was so happy.
Aaron broke his ankle pretty bad.
She doesn't want to buy a new car.
She forgot her phone but stayed up late watching movies and had fun.
She went to the hardware store to buy materials.
Because she was fifty, she decided against it.
But the storm petered out and turned back out towards the ocean.
He got really drunk and doesn't remember much.
However she kept getting draw burned every time she shot the bow.
He liked to play board games.
We decided to play frisbee and badminton.
I jogged every day so I didn't know what was going on.
Baylee thought it would be funny to hide in a hollow tree stump.
He decided that he would avoid with a recruiter for information.
Jonathan finished up by arranging the flowers.
I buy cheap shampoo and he would use lots of it.
Bill had been benched for the game after a penalty.
She decided to buy flowers.
They put an ad in a Facebook post stating a need of more teachers.
This is a German language dialect.
A sweet old lady walked in and ordered food.
She had to stay in bed and cried because she missed the party.
She makes no plans and just goes with her whims.
He joined because he was promised a college education.
They love going there, even though they would always get sick.
She then burned it so no one else could read it.
After a few months of practice, he was still terrible.
But she worried they weren't ripe.
She was happy with her pregnancy weight.
When I was 16 he died.
He couldn't save his money for a trip.
I had a picnic and my friends joined me.
He changes the oil right away.
He got into politics, but no one respected him.
Her friends gifts on holidays and her birthdays were always a bunch of books.
He liked being tiny because he wanted to be a jockey.
He finished the instrumental song without mistakes.
He was the smallest rooser I had ever seen.
It was a casual dress tech company, so he wore jeans and a t-shirt.
He hesitated and decided not to go to the concert.
He started crying so I fed him and put him in his crib.
Two of the kids were fighting.
He took lessons but was terrible and gave up.
She picked one and stuck with it no matter what.
She got a good job that she loved.
She broke her foot so she couldnt.
The dollhouse got knocked over and broke.
A single person spent the night pushing them back in.
They gave up on finding Porky.
When the taxi arrived, I walked outside and rode it.
She decided to just watch because she was allergic to animals.
When he woke up, Youtube had taken them down.
He lost his passport.
He went into the woods, but forgot his lighter.
Dan asked his science teacher about an article and was fully immersed in his teacher's response.
On the way there, he considered telling the truth.
She saw a rain drop fall from the sky in the heat.
Halloween was her hated holiday, so she was very bored.
The ones she had fits her perfectly so she decided to use it.
I wasn't able to attend any of the concerts.
One thing he didn't know how to do was do masonry so he got a job doing that.
He had played in every game prior.
He took the dog home and nursed him back to health.
They were deep in the woods and nowhere near water.
They were well off and could afford many things.
They were deciding which colors to use.
He was on his way to Blockbuster when he remembered they closed.
He decided to keep it and while he is on his way to keep it.
The puppy likes to chew on the grass and is kept outside.
Bobby answered the phone and went home to have lunch with his Mom.
He was going on vacation.
One of the people that drove through and threw the food at her for a prank video.
He set an alarm.
She decided she would get a new job.
The worker at the front desk was not there so I could be checked-in, so I left.
After having my son I decided it was too risky.
He turned it off and went back to sleep.
She vacuumed up the pile of dust.
She had a guitar but wanted to become better at it.
I got and failed a medical checkup and wasn't allowed to go to boot camp.
Jo died after one year.
She kept it locked in a safe deposit box.
His friend tossed the ball into a swimming pool.
We got there so early but it was closed.
He sat down by the video games and watched people play.
He didn't have enough money so he kept his money in cash for now.
She never got to see the cockpit.
She noticed a wallet just laying on the ground.
She thought it looked amazing but it didn't fit.
A young man who he never met sat far away from him and was quiet.
She closed her eyes and waited for the show to come back on.
She fell in love with him.
Louis went on a hike where he was attacked by a bear.
I decided to use the bicep curl machine.
So I memorized the Gettysburg Address.
They are a lesbian couple with no children.
But she wasn't willing to talk about her crush.
George hated the beach and wanted to leave.
He was making excellent progress and finished quickly.
Earl was no good and it was not a fair match.
She had one last test that she needed to ace to pass the class.
I went to their concert and had a great time.
I desperately wanted to become a reality star.
They loved riding them so much they would ride them in the winter.
Jack is a lot more popular and decides to pull out of the race to help Jill.
Jack was suddenly hit in the bar by a car behind him.
Van's aunt gave him planters with vegetables already planted in pots.
He took the bus to work when he could.
It's cold for the middle of summer.
They were drifting down a river.
Suddenly, I bit into something soft.
On his first day, he delivered everything in record time.
I went to a vegan place.
She told me that she wanted to move them up an hour earlier.
Her best friend came over to cheer her up.
He only did it for fun and not for competition.
I told him there was no way I could run a marathon.
She walked into the office and ignore everyone.
Someone had been smoking in the boys bathroom.
Jake went on a diet to gain weight.
She knew a lot about fashion.
We went to a family owned restaurant.
He loved all his team mates but one just was determined to get on his nerves.
All of a sudden a hail storm came through town.
He decided to go try tempura.
It was printed wrong.
Her phone was on, so she called the emergency.
She started to notice that the whole beach was packed with people.
She got her check book and put her purchases on the counter.
He did not panicked even he got homework to do.
He had to tear up construction paper for his presentation board.
He was the manager.
She was a stay at home mom.
One of the boys started to slow down.
Since Stacey was Hindu, it was approved in her religion to eat beef.
But she was always good at everything.
She wished she had Vip backstage tickets, but didn't.
I try to be polite and it always makes a difference.
She felt healthy and strong.
She broke up with her boyfriend and moved.
It really tested Dwayne's patience because his neighbor was young and immature.
Randall is popular.
He bagged the leaves as he raked them.
We did not want to go to Gatlinburg, but had been given a free flight.
She knew her mom wanted a homemade jean.
He was bold and walked right up to her to ask her out.
The instructions called for a hammer, but Vince didn't have one.
She walked to her car with a friend every time.
Hannah didn't hesitate to pick me.
He spilled the bag on his way home and lost it all.
After high school he had no real plan for his future.
He knew he needed help and could not do it on his own.
She didnt like decorating.
She decided to buy some headphones that removed noises and it worked.
He was fortunate to have never developed PTSD.
He had a freezer full of bacon and he had extra in case of a storm.
His favorite fair treat was the funnel cakes.
He called in sick.
She sheepishly told her mother she did it.
No one realized it until everyone had gotten off and the bus went back to the station.
He was wearing headphones.
He moved out of the apartment.
She had been in the hospital for months.
Millie fell asleep on the job.
She went to her friend who is a professional rock climber.
She spent hours posing in front of crazy mirrors.
He had all of the ingredients to make a huge, delicious sandwich.
He went to the park to go practice.
He arrived so early, and was dressed properly.
She couldnt go because she was sick.
After getting there we realized we had left the baby at home with the nanny.
Sometimes she easily find someone to play with.
Her current was perfect for her back.
Jenny was disgusted by eggs and farming.
He was my bro.
His friend told him he should purchase a iBuypower computer.
But she recently started getting very sick from the carbonation.
He was uneducated on the matter and did not know better.
His teacher recommended that he drop the class.
He stuck his hand in the box, but first ate all the cereal.
She got a tutor to help her.
Somehow no one got the name of my store and address.
That evening, she decided not to perform.
She wanted to eliminate candy from her diet.
Jay was going to live right next door to them so he could visit every day.
Jenny hated the card and threw it out.
She needed sturdy work boots.
He knew he should have prepared but ran out of time.
He decided on an ice cream cake because of the season.
She was walking ahead of him and heard a horse in front of her.
Dad agreed and asked if she wanted to go see a movie afterwards.
They were going to the dentist.
He was too afraid to fly though.
I knew I was suffering from Depression.
the necklacee was pink gold, and was less than 50 dollars.
This morning, Kelly made it.
Everything was out of season and tasted bland.
He had several times.
She hated exercise and avoided it as much as possible.
He got a new one.
There was a cliff far from his house and he had an idea.
He thought they were waste of time.
In the morning, Alfred's friend wanted to make him a delicious breakfast.
He was not going to propose because he was ready to break-up with her.
The bear was so ugly, the zookeepers killed it.
Even if only from up close.
The rest of the bridesmaids were wearing bright colors as well.
I'd just seen a zombie movie last night with her.
He was a know it all and did not think he needed a recipe.
Now, he had transitioned to doing choreography all over the world.
He knows he must find a new job.
They went to the mall and then went home.
He decided not to go when he couldn't get enough vacation days.
She works for the government.
Her students were well behaved except for one.
She opened the door to a salesman.
She put it off and wear all her clean clothes.
She never watched movies made from books because they werent the same.
They said that his bank had undergone a catastrophic failure.
Unfortunately, she couldn't make the cake because she didn't have any eggs.
I felt right at home when I got there.
By the third day, she got used to it .
He had all the tools he needed for the install.
Her parents always participated with her.
I had drank light liquor in small amount.
He knew he had to fix things.
She obeyed her mom and never opened the door.
She always had a misunderstanding.
He took buses and subways to hotdog carts.
When her friends asked her to go, she told them how she felt.
She was broke and couldn't find a job.
She sold it for more than it was worth.
He often lied to his customers.
One day she got a high grade fever.
He refused even though they had already paid for the season.
It stopped working and he had to get a new one.
They used to argue about having a startup tech company.
I drove to the Windows to pick from their selection of Surface notebooks.
She would often feed them to her cat.
She worked really hard on the essay but forgot to submit the application.
He was an outgoing person and quickly made friends with everyone.
He relaxes every day in his bedroom.
He never took any lessons before and failed miserably.
Scott had to go to the doctors office.
Her friends always brought over new wines to try.
She was not very good and could not even make a scarf.
At night they could hear a lot of strange sounds.
They were playing volleyball.
Her friends where excited whenever she made a new pun.
He went into the roof top nearby with his binoculars.
Amanda's teenage daughter only wanted a new journal this year.
She brought potato salad.
She was only supposed to have two removed but there was a complication.
It was very unbelievable!.
He poured a bowl of cereal.
Peter should have called a cab but he got home safely.
It rotted on the first day.
She never pursued to get the position.
He broke his foot the morning of his birthday and spent it in the hospital.
She decided to bake a cupcake.
When her friend May called she told her she was going to the same school.
She hated that they made her wear a hairnet.
Some nice old people lived there though.
She decided to take a trip to Target.
She got really scared and never got on to the Delta plane.
Marcy stormed out of the house and went to a bar by herself.
He had enough gift cards to buy a ps4.
They were unsure how they would like it, and it was disappointing.
One day, she decided to make a spaghetti.
He looked at his drawing from the night and took out a pen.
She brough her new puppy, Jake.
We went to the Waffelhouse five Years ago on March 8th.
They want to sell all their books.
They were supposed to meet for lunch, but Ashley forgot and missed the date.
She never like playing games though.
Ally was happy because she couldn't leave her job to follow him.
The rat quickly became like a pet to the family.
He walked into his crush and blushed.
But the more he thought about it, the more relaxed he became.
He got stuck in traffic and missed the first half of the movie.
The weather was simply too bad.
She spent the time working at the mall.
He decided to call someone to fix it.
It was a science project about physics.
Then her dog took off after a squirrel.
She burnt them in the oven.
Everybody told him why he was arrested but only that he should confess.
She tried not to meet people in college.
I wanted to leave this old village up in the mountains.
He never watched what he recorded.
She looked up restaurant applications online.
She had checked her the ventilation of the room.
Tara loved to go shopping, and had a lot of money.
It was discovered that she had a rare blood type.
They liked to pose for the camera.
He had a whole folder full of butterfly wings.
When she was old the door was always close.
This was expected and he got a job the next day.
The ice rink was open and operating as normal.
He didn't notice that the trash people put the cans in his driveway.
She called the interviewer by his name.
He had a hard time due to thyroids.
She was so good she didn't need to practice before tryouts.
He noticed a woman sitting on a bench looking stoned.
She knew she wouldn't be able to eat healthy snacks instead.
Lauren, subsequently never made it home that night.
Bob was very excited to get out of bed.
She decided to never have any.
She tossed the arrow with her arm.
She loved to write poetry.
Kevin borrowed a suit from a friend.
She decided to fill it with frogs.
I found out the machine was currently out of order.
But, today he decided he wanted to eat some broccoli.
He was a very shy guy.
He's ladder was broke that's he did not get a better look at the situation.
And she noticed that most of the girls were wearing jeans.
Yesterday, Jonathan set his keys on Ryan's desk when he got to work.
A voice came from behind her.
He had a lot of days off because he just did not want to be there.
She was already 18 years old.
Her mom was excited, but did not have time to help decorate.
She covered them with syrup and put a fork on it.
Martha's Vineyard isn't always crystal clear water.
He went to sleep for the night.
He looked in the back and saw some apples.
She decided to not have them while she dieted.
My friend made me feel better.
Chris learned about running technique and decided to get into biking instead.
Then I switched to watching pro baseball.
All of my neighbors love the music.
They always had the best new jeans.
My feet were dry because there were no holes in my shoe.
She enjoyed hiking on her own.
During that two hour lecture, i stared at her.
He stopped driving like a daredevil and became a very safe driver.
In second grade, I had a really hard time grasping English.
We were eating sushi to mix things up.
He fixed it right away.
She bought nothing but housewares.
Today he nearly got frostbite walking to work.
It was 5:00 and she was sure they would be closing soon.
Suddenly, she saw a car break down on the side of the road.
The manager worked at a McDonalds.
She decided to go outside and build a small snowman.
He went to a conference and sell his book.
A local art critic saw his work and told him he was the worst.
So she bought several plastic plates.
He wanted to be closer to his parents home.
She was happy they were in a drought and didn't have to worry about it right now.
She kept her eyes open for dogs because she was scared of them.
However bob heard of a new treatment to lessen his allergy.
I had a lot of money and credit cards.
He decided to raise pigeons on his land.
His wife was at the grocery store in town.
She knew she'd hate it and refused to try eating raw fish.
It was a giant rainbow bass.
Kelly decided to give herself her own makeover.
They didn't want to leave Australia.
He had fished with him ever since he was little.
She was wealthy and bought many different colors of paint.
She decided to drop out.
We needed a new cheap rug.
Everyone told him it was a lie.
She had decided to hire someone for the job.
Joanna was making vegetarian spaghetti.
I've started buying the bracelets online.
She had invited her group to come and watch her.
Afterwards, she told the class to say this word aloud.
They went to Loch Ness, and spotted the notorious monster.
He only liked eating them in the morning for breakfast.
However, he decided to wash the dishes  and not let the dishes pile up.
There, they showed the class how to farm.
She stood up and thought of what she wanted.
He felt proud to be unique and joined the band.
He hated his office job.
I don't think I'll ever like them.
She was fired.
She poked the hole with the straw easily.
Swamp taro is swarming with snakes.
Its performers lives in our apartment building.
She loves tickling them in their sensitive areas such as the armpits.
Bonnie felt something attached to her foot when she walked back from her bathroom.
Her grandmother liked bourbon.
Barret was bad at playing the trombone because he never practiced.
He had a long rest before heading out the next day.
One day his wife left him.
A guy was holding a used  a Kleenex.
I decided to sit under it and enjoy the shade.
He took some time to make sure the eggs were perfectly cooked.
He couldn't decide between a cat or a lizard.
We went to the store but forgot the milk.
One day, a talent scout ignored Abe.
He heard someone called his name.
The children asked if they could have some popcorn.
He loved to sing his favorite song.
We dug holes everywhere and didn't find anything.
He had stained her favorite table cloth.
I started sweating normally.
She chose her baby's name the day she found out.
Hannah couldn't get a hit in.
Her mom took her to the park to teach her.
He decided to patch the pants up with his sewing kit.
Her dog chewed them up.
She couldnt afford one though.
Her younger siblings were 2 years apart.
The children always listen to his mom.
She went underwater without holding her nose by herself eventually.
Tom was at home.
She decided to just watch her friends ice skate and not participate.
After looking at the pictures, he decided to get a refund.
I found it was a brown recluse.
She ordered from the secret menu everyday.
His mother was tired of his attitude and made him sit on a chair and do nothing until bedtime.
So Ken decided to stay up all night and aced the test.
I found it very easy to learn the different nouns.
It was the sound of thunder as a storm was approaching.
He ran out of peanut butter one day.
She was a terrible cook, so she decided to make reservations instead.
She ask her mom to cook her hot dogs to practice.
Her school is holding a Homecoming dance.
I am deaf so reading quietly is relaxing when I can.
He started to feel a little thirsty.
First she visited car websites online.
The first week I searched online for openings.
Soon after I won I realized that I was off this weekend.
It was a hot rod.
She grabbed her jacket and went out the door.
It was a beautiful day outside after they are lunch.
She paid for dinner with cash.
He had packed his suitcase to go study abroad with his parents.
She put aloe on it and stopped scratching.
Hank wanted to freshen up his looks so he went to go get some razors.
I decided I wanted to take a nap.
But then the buyer suddenly backed out .
Luckily the top was secured tight.
So my manager talked to me.
They decided they wanted to climb below of a shed.
She went to the store to get them herself.
He bought a pair of shoes online.
We were declined because we were to young and didn't have valid ID.
She backed out at the last moment so that she didn't spend any money.
She went to the backyard and it was even colder than she though it would be.
As a punishment for her hard work she was given a promotion.
He woke up with plenty of time and made his way to the express check-in.
Jason decided to break up with her.
Her mother had been working at the computer all morning.
Unfortunately the fried chicken was still raw in the middle.
He hated the taste, but it was all he could afford.
But something Marlene did was normal.
Walmart was packed to the brim and so was Goodies.
He went to the doctor to get fixed.
She had been singing in a choir for years.
Nick worked alone so he was not in trouble.
He dug through his cabinets and found enough for a big dinner.
Will is injured so he's coaching.
It was very hot that day.
After a week of dieting, she noticed a massive decline on the scale's numbers.
I just saw him yesterday when we decided to have dinner.
He snored the whole time.
Google called for over a feet of snow.
She went to Walmart.
So I went to the gym.
Laura never wanted a cat again because of the death.
Cora had no sympathy for her.
In 2004 they didn't make the playoffs.
They had never seen the show.
She took a bus back to her home town.
She found inspiration when she saw a picture of a homeless boy in a magazine.
He wouldn't sleep without his eye mask and a blanket.
The storm made it easy for her to see, and she avoided an accident.
Amy had to close the business because she couldn't wait for the repairs.
He refused to go with his coworkers to an Indian restaurant.
On the day of the reunion, I discovered my GPS unit was broken.
He loved writing poems and song lyrics.
Henry quietly approached Hannah.
She doesn't let anyone play with her dolls.
Within a few days it stopped working properly so I took it back.
She does not have a car and the store is too far to walk, so she took a Lyft.
They decided to visit the park.
They grew up together side by side until Mike moved away.
The kids ran back to the car.
One night while I was walking, I noticed the hole and filled it in.
He and his dad were putting up flyers explaining he had been found.
Bryan had a cactus plant outside, so he went out to get some.
Her daddy took her to the movie theater to look.
His friend Tina had died.
He hates eating alfalfa.
She said the woman had some cookies in the oven.
She decided to name it after her sister who died years ago.
She ordered in Chinese takeout.
This eagle was from Canada and was named Bob.
She went to the bathroom and started to vomit.
He went into his room and locked the door instead of going to the store.
Her husband did not like the cake.
He really hates staring at his smartphone.
He wanted to be a twitch streamer instead.
Reed used only cardboard to tape up the wall.
He ignored the noise coming from his car.
New-comers couldn't play the silly game.
She was standing in for another participant after being given only five minutes' notice!.
On the ground there was a tire iron.
Her sister ran in crying after she heard a car backfire.
The lambs and the piglets were very mean.
He decided to eat his lunch.
One day a squirrel sat on an empty flower pot by our fire escape.
he did not have a ruler to measure the wood.
May's sister Val was away on vacation.
Late one night, we were telling scary stories when we saw a black cat.
Her roommate asked if she could turn it up a bit.
I really wanted to try out for the local baseball team.
He received therapy and was able to cope well with her death.
Abel never got in trouble in his entire school career.
her teammates depended on her very much.
He had to write a paragraph about something he didn't want to do.
She wanted to make a new boyfriend.
He walked into the meeting room and found that nobody had turned up.
I would never go.
Terra and her friend vowed they would never visit there.
Unfortunately, he failed his vision test and could not renew his license.
He was raised his family to go to college.
She vowed she would enroll in college to pursue her dreams.
She has stopped buying them because she had so many.
They never had any children.
When she arrived at the hair salon, it was closed.
He had to travel a long way to see a match.
She wanted to make them even more unhealthy.
He enjoyed stealing dogs from their owners.
Mel's son fell into the water and drowned.
Suddenly they were hit by another car in a horrible car crash.
All of the sudden, a cat decided to perch on his shoulder.
But all she could find was a blowtorch.
But they rescheduled it for next year.
We were not allowed to put the trash outside as there were bears in the woods right outside the restaurant.
James counted his sheep in his flock and found that he had 108 sheep.
I wanted it to be simple.
His primary job frustrated him because he had to interact with people.
The dentist was happy she came.
The rear defrost and rear wiper removed the ice right away.
The day cannot get there soon enough for Jorge to learn.
Mary gave birth to a baby boy.
He crashed a drone and got fired.
It was a great experience.
He searched for her but couldn't find her.
In the distance his friend told him not to light it.
But he was too busy with work to do that.
I saw no one had called or texted me.
They weren't very competitive towards each other.
He wanted to be buried with her even if they got a divorce.
Her first week was the slowest in company history.
I biked ninety miles through city streets to my job.
She does not understand why Americans like steak.
They loved to go swimming there.
He walked into the middle of a glistening patch of sand.
There was horse look very tired and with wounds.
A stroller rolled out in front of him.
He was new to the area but very accustomed to the climate.
He had a lot of blue paint left after he finished painting the water.
My friend had given me some cuttings of their mint and basil plants.
It rang two times and stopped.
He couldn't afford the tickets.
She did not want to act anymore.
He just remembered he had forgotten something at home.
I boarded the plane to go get my son.
She took him to a park one day.
He also loved to listen to the race on the radio.
At the last minute all the girls decided they would instead postpone the trip.
William forgot to get her a gift.
She wasn't sure if she should leave because her mother was sick.
He did not want to stay at home anymore.
It was surrounded by other gorillas who attacked anyone who came near it.
They enjoy pretending to be knights, pirates, and astronauts.
He woke up early because he was having so much fun.
He was so nervous, he forgot his guitar.
This one time we were flying to Atlanta.
When they arrived, it was very warm inside.
He doesn't own one though.
She also had a c-section for her second baby.
She often talked on her phone while walking.
He told me I need to drink less soda.
One day, she cut her hair off and felt true freedom.
She asked me to meet her afterwards at the bar.
Her step father loved her just as much as if she were one of his own.
On the first cold day, she loosely draped the scarf across her shoulders.
He created an instagram account.
She took out her mat and put in the DVD.
They decided they were already ready and didn't practice at all.
The ultrasound from before showed it was going to be a baby boy.
He mows lawns to make a lot of extra money.
excited and happy.
When she walked in, she felt very happy.
He caused a fire in the laboratory.
She decided to try out for the basketball team and made the team.
She didn't know anyone there.
He was to small and didn't make the team.
Before the discussion started, my Taekwondo teacher went to the bathroom.
He was at the shoe store trying each one on.
The gusts of wind would make it spin.
Kim found the brand she was looking for.
Her dad had been improving so much to where he can live on his own now.
He exercised his fingers in preparation of the concert.
He found out the cat wounded and wasn't sure what to do.
One day he was killed by a mountain lion.
A suspicious looking clown pick pocketed them and they didn't have any money for games.
Until Rick's dad divorced and never saw him again.
Dave opted to continue his habits and find comfort in food.
Michael's father was very supportive in his career choice.
Thomas remember hearing a loud noise during the storm.
She hoped it wasn't a little boy.
He checked his wallet.
She was sad all night.
Maggie loved ladybugs.
The snow had gotten heavier and became a snowstorm.
He has two younger sisters.
They used cups to shape the mermaid's face they were building.
He tried to adopt one.
Lynn suggested they stay at home.
Her housekeeper Rosie had been helping with the housework.
Howie wanted to have it delivered.
She decided to just dye her hair instead.
He accidentally dropped it on the ground before he could eat it.
She chose a pair and went to the register.
It's the best job he ever had.
Her brother thought it would be funny to steal her phone.
i gave a old coin to the local coin dealer.
I took the elevator upstairs where the television was to watch the news with others.
She wasn't worried about her parents reaction.
He began attending multiple religious services of a variety of faiths.
His mother yelled at him, so he quit.
The target was too far way even with re-calibrating.
He would run everywhere he went to the store and to work.
I took all of the pills in the medicine cabinet.
She told me that she recently became engaged.
She decided to make herself some cookies.
Some police came by and asked to see our IDs.
He slept at night because it wasn't painful.
But he met someone special.
She forgot the meat.
He never drew them.
Jenny  decided to the neighbors store to get one.
He didn't enjoy taking care of the animals.
He hitched a ride with a stranger.
He got a spot, and they sold out within an hour.
Rex loved when we fed him his favorite treats.
He decided to jump on the bus to get there faster.
He grabbed the wire he needed from his truck.
Nobody purchased tickets because the odds were so unfavorable.
I decided not to shave them because I'm a man.
There were bed bugs under his mattress.
Kevin didn't attack other dogs and played nice until they went home.
But I didn't know how to play chess so he never plays with me.
Since she could not afford one of her own, she stole the folder from Tami.
and he won the first race of the week.
However he had just gotten a delivery to take to a house that had been empty for years.
He is a bad driver and he hit a pole.
They went to the first pizza parlor they walked by.
She wanted to go to college but autism caused her to struggle on tests.
She had been fascinated with spiders ever since she was a child.
He never got a warning about it.
He lent two dollars to his sister.
I scheduled an appointment for next Thursday.
Fred and his sister were sad when they found out Wags had been hit by a car.
Kendrick went out to the woods to get wood.
Ani kept drinking them until she was 900 pounds.
He wore it even though it wasn't Halloween.
She quite because she hated lying and her job.
The bunny really likes to hop around the cage.
He ran into two friends outside the store.
Vicki was a server at a restaurant.
He slept through the morning.
The pebble had smacked right into her windshield.
But her boat has gotten a leak.
It was her own reflection.
He had to go there for work.
i applied oil  on this morning.
They wen't every summer and were growing tired of it.
The girls didn't notice a storm on the horizon.
She was excited to learn about how to care for a dog.
I found treasure that needed to be picked up.
He then scratched her face.
She passed only 2 out of her 3 tests.
Mesiha was excited as she had a great routine to try on the audience.
She decided to ask her friend for help so it would look nice.
Her friends thought she was so funny, they encouraged her to do stand-up comedy.
He buried it in his backyard for safe keeping.
I had forgotten to buy all the ingredients I needed.
He experienced a heart attack and was rushed to the hospital.
Emily heard something in the garage and went to check on her cat.
Later that night she found a homeless man sleeping in her garden.
He decided to spend his vacation at home.
Tom decided that he wanted to play video games instead of gambling.
Lucy did not know how to swim very well.
His first offer was $8000 dollars.
Dan broke his leg and missed the remainder of the season.
He got an A+ for every subject.
They all left when she walked in.
Her husband told her he just got promoted to a better position at his job.
I couldn't read it due to water damage.
She noticed it had gluten and decided not to eat it.
She had changed a flat tire many times before.
Theo's father was never around.
Mae baked the cake all by herself perfectly.
She didn't have enough buckets for four gallons.
I went to the pet store and got a puppy instead.
She went to try to pick out a kitten, but broke out in a rash due to being allergic afterwards.
She decided to quit tennis.
She figured she had something very mild.
He decided to collect comic books.
His wife asked if he could stay home instead.
I had to get a contractor to do the work.
There were no classes within 100 miles of her.
He had spent years in much more difficult classes.
The nail file burst into flames.
I rode ten speed Raleigh bikes.
He was at work and she was broke.
Missy decided not to play and hang out with her friends instead.
He entered the house to impress a girl.
She felt a kitty cat rubbing against her leg.
Later, the same job was offered for half the pay.
When they got there, the Christmas tree farm was closed.
She decided to grab a sandwich while she waited on the locksmith.
Justin decided that he would skip the fresh fruit today.
Gina forgot her watch.
The support tech who answered thought it was a bad joke and hung up.
He got really good and turned pro.
He kept extra shirts at work.
Jody wasn't hungry and didn't order anything.
He is 40 and has great memory.
He got inside his brother's car.
He decided to take out to her favorite restaurant.
When his cousin fell backward, Dan was pinned under their body.
It was a cold day outside.
She decided not to have any drinks.
She didn't have a fry daddy, so she decided to bake the chicken instead.
During the first week, he dropped it on the ground and broke it.
She always said she would never be a nurse.
She tailor made her own clothes so they fit perfectly.
She gets depressed and never leaves the house.
Paul decided not to buy a shop since it was not a good investment.
Her current employer appreciated her hard work offered her all of the shift hours she wanted.
One time she met a pegasus named Francis.
He started playing around with color in his free time.
He was the captain of his high school team and the best player on it.
His mom had him on a harness so he wouldn't stray away.
Her internet was working right.
Unable to find any, he searched for guitar lessons instead.
She lost her grip and her suitcase tumbles down the stairs.
He never went to the park because there were too many people.
David took his time to iron the shirt.
She only has one page left to write.
I flung them out of the closet onto my bed.
They researched and decided to stay in their apartment.
I brought the lunch and drinks.
He knew he wasn't going to make the big time.
She really missed her girlfriend.
She struggled with what she should do with it.
He never grew to like it as an adult either.
It was snowing very hard while he was testing his truck.
She knew she could make it as she was the best softball player at her school.
He is hired on the spot for the position of head chef.
She waited a few days and it got much better.
They were traveling together through Europe.
One day, they all went to a concert.
I kept falling when we got to a certain route.
They became enemies at a young age.
She started reading The Time Machine.
I worked on about four of them and then started feeling alert.
At the end of the walkway was a store.
To her amazement she saw her favorite T.V. star in at the store.
I was so excited for Christmas I went and bought a tree immediately.
She stayed in her room the whole day.
She woke up late and missed her class.
Jordan let his friend have a turn.
So she decided to join a gym.
She found an ad for a drummer and was hired immediately after her tryout.
She was already a renown pie maker.
Then he uncovered an old kickball.
He could not wait to unwrap his gift.
She thought it would be very scary and exciting.
He took some medicine to help out.
Gina was overseas in Europe.
She was initially uninterested.
Kayla was gonna use a pre-recorded sound for the concert so she was not nervous.
Josh was everything Phyllis dreamed of and was in shock.
She has already learned a lot about them.
One day his barber recommended he shave his head.
He decided while riding his bike to befriend Brandon.
Her sister gifted her very nice baby gates.
She found a pregnant cat but the kittens were all stillborn.
The cops never showed up to help.
And she visited her friend who lived 5 blocks away.
When Mark got older, he decided to work with disabled adults.
He gets together with them every week.
She walked outside and the dog came running up to her.
She didn't even know how to turn her oven on though.
I got up, went home, and continued studying there.
When the results came in she saw she won  only $50.
She had been caught shoplifting for a third time.
I am a huge Law and Order fan.
One day, while answering emails, he noticed he was nauseous so he took a half day and went home.
We have to leave before the fireworks.
Damon's new apartment never had issues.
I decided to go camping instead.
He turns the volume down low to not bother anyone.
Ali sat on the couch all night.
The summer air was balmy and still.
She decided to not eat her favorite candies despite wanting to.
Jim was unemployed, so he had plenty of free time.
But he forgot to set his alarm and missed the interview.
The ball went over the fence, and they had to look in the bushes to find it.
He got an injury while playing baseball.
It made me ill, and I wasn't able to eat for days.
She barely had enough time to finish her assigned homework even if she worked all night.
The Matriarch is always running for health.
They both fell immediately.
He sometimes finds books to read.
But I got sick and I had to stay at the hotel the whole week.
I got lucky because my husband got to make the trip with me.
She described the haircut she wanted to the stylist.
He saw the tops of trees were at a standstill.
He couldn't fall asleep.
The homework was very easy to do.
So they robbed a bank instead.
He especially didn't think he'd do it at school.
She pet the horse.
She wanted it to cook it with her son.
Her well-trained dog walked beside her freely.
Bob decided to apply for more credit cards so he could keep buying things.
It was the middle of the day, and the sun was bright.
She went to the store to beg for change.
The plane experienced mechanical problem and had to make an emergency landing.
As he was digging, he broke the shovel.
She always wanted to ride on the lower level of a double decker bus.
The chair was in perfect shape.
He asked his friend if they wanted to go for a meal.
She felt like she had enough.
There had been an electrical problem and they had to look for the wiring.
He worked on a fishing boat.
his father had promised him a fan.
I bought a new metal detector for fun.
When we were kids we never had any fights.
They dropped him off at home before leaving for a road trip.
She took a bank loan to buy a new bracelet.
They received all the furniture they needed as a wedding gift from Cal's parents.
She didn't know much about country life.
She aced the test and went on to great things.
She was a very large and tall girl.
Her internet was down, so she decided to take the afternoon off.
He had forgot to bring his puppets along with him.
It was written on the walls at the mall.
Amy was almost clueless on what to say to Juan in the letter she wanted to write him.
He tried to cover it with his hands.
It was an enjoyable experience.
Bo and his father didn't catch a single fish the entire trip.
When they graduated, Charles' father sent them on a trip to Europe for the summer.
She was sad and just wanted to go home.
She had a great first take and they published it immediately.
Before we started, she wanted to use the restroom.
She pulled over to change the tire because her dad taught her how.
He had plenty of cash on him for the weekend.
She had mostly average grades, with some areas of specialty.
She decided to play with them in the backyard.
But he decided to buy a pear tree.
He felt nervous and decided he wasn't going to meet them anytime soon.
I didn't leave.
She went to the doctor to find out how far along she was.
She just recently moved back to the beach area.
His plans had to be delayed indefinitely due to an illness that struck him.
The sky was blue and peaceful.
Josh paid him to manage his portfolio.
He played on a high school baseball team, until he broke his leg.
He never stole or lied for money because his parents gave him more than he needed.
Amy forgot to get a drink.
He finished it quickly.
He thought it would make a perfect stew, and butchered it.
Mike smelt some smelts that was making him sick to his stomach.
He was excited about flying.
Due to diseases all trees were excavated in his yard.
She could not keep getting nightmares.
Nell was at the movies when the new family arrived.
Jason than gets a pillow and puts it down to sit on to make it comfortable.
He got some medicine that stopped the nightmares.
The troupe was leaving camp.
my sister yelled after she was give the phone.
He said that he is stuck working this weekend.
The girls were the nicest little girls you've ever seen.
My girlfriend ate the last bowl of cereal we had.
His foot began to hurt badly.
She decided to have the pizza delivered.
Jim usually wasn't frightened easily but he had a phobia of spiders.
He went to a restaurant, but they didn't take special orders.
His wife told him that she had some upsetting news.
I wanted to never come back.
Paul never had any trouble with his cooks making Paul's recipes as they wished.
They were both screwed on tight.
She decided not have balloons only streamers.
My colleague called triple A.
He was the tallest and fastest on the team.
He sneezed so hard he fell down the stairs and broke his arm.
She breaded and fried the strips of chicken perfectly.
I got no sleep.
He tops it with honey every single day.
The team were in a qualifying match against a much worse team.
His dad took him to the desert in Arizona.
She said that was watch was ugly and fake.
She would flirt with him all the time.
He started by applying for the school.
The boss let him drive any vehicle he wanted that day.
Gina passed the other car as it was driving slowly.
He got right back to work after the 20 minute break.
None of it made much sense to him.
She neglected him a lot because she was so busy with work.
He wished he had a printer to print some posters for it.
She bought a new swimsuit and sandals, and the trip was awesome.
I agreed.
it was accidentally thrown away by our cleaning lady the day after we got it.
Then there was an earthquake and they couldn't finish the game.
He went swimming one day but forgot to take his smartphone with him.
He waited for the train to arrive.
I have never spoken to her.
She craved something salty and found popcorn in the cupboard.
He was very rich and could afford any type of date.
She wanted one about drawing.
Everyone loved knowing what to do.
It was for her eyebrows.
She had all of her pet rocks beside her bed and left them there for safekeeping.
He decided to call in sick and take the day off.
I didn't have insurance to get to an eye doctor.
He collected some from his friend who had strep throat.
I called in to work and got the day off.
We went to a tree farm and chopped down the first tree we saw.
A girl that usually sits across from them was absent today.
It was very dark but saw a light from the window to guide her out.
He did not like to do a lot of things.
The box was empty and it was yellow.
His grandfather told him a story about a lucky charm while his grandmother listened on.
One of his friends gave him a DVD.
She still had a lot of clean underwear.
She would play video games instead of doing her homework.
I was thinking about having a tasty pie.
When he looked in the pantry, he noticed there was no milk left.
She gave it to her cousin, Sally.
But Katey's blood pressure was too low.
He had to cover a gunman standoff that lasted the entire shift.
She heard her phone ring but ignored it.
Her mother was so proud of her.
Her dad made her breakfast in bed.
We don't have any kids, so we can enjoy the bath in peace.
My brother told her he didn't know how to dive.
His friend Ben was great at chess but wanted to play the guitar.
He didn't get an interview for the job.
He didn't have a lot of money, but he knew that Cindy loved dogs.
They only stayed for ten minutes.
She didn't go to the party.
He only had a bill to pay and it was four days before he got paid.
Once I picked up my car I was happy with the new paint job.
He caught a ride with an Uber driver.
Bob had blood pressure problems he needed to watch for.
She only stick to trails that are clear of brush and paved.
He decided he would buy a guitar instead of a new video game.
But she was sick so she couldn't leave the house.
Everyone respected their coach and was always on time.
He loved his life on the farm and decided he never wants to leave.
She wanted to watch it by herself for a change.
He wanted to become a runner.
But Jen refused to give up drinking a large Coke with lunch every day.
Ivan changed the difficulty level to hard.
I was finally going to see the Avengers movie.
Their mother also loved NWA.
For some reason, he was very skilled in technology.
His brother Eric had a broken leg and couldn't ski this season.
None of the kids wanted to go inside and look around.
She was embarrassed to show off her skill publicly.
i was relieved that i had finished it.
Ruth and Gina got into a fight and never spoke again.
For my birthday,he refused to buy me a present.
He avoids shaking hands or kissing babies.
She was so mad that her zoo was getting pandas.
She embraced her pale skin and wouldn't dare tan.
He had an A so it wouldn't be a huge problem if he failed.
She was a master chef.
They had pizza, milk, corn, and ate each item separately.
One day Vina looked as if she had lost some weight.
He stayed inside and played video games instead.
She remembered she left them at the gym.
He decided to play Monopoly.
She did a perfect cartwheel and left the stage.
He saw a red shirt in the display window that he liked and had $40 in his wallet.
She traced the line in green and put the map in her car.
He would fantasize about being able to beat up his abusive father.
She entered her poems into contests and became famous.
She told him she loved him too.
she have to consider a doctor .
A very young puppy lay on the ground, just a few feet away.
The line seemed long, but moved very quickly.
One of them was notably better than the others.
He was too tired to go buy ice cream.
Matt had a successful production and earned a Tony award.
They both were inseparable.
Billy was excited there was snow outside.
Chad decided he was tired of lifting weights.
Someone told me to look underneath the cap and I found tickets.
Some lighting hit the tree next to the castle, and caught on fire.
He resented her for the feelings and moved on for good.
he wanted to to dance but was scared.
They were playing cooperatively with two controllers.
I've been at school for the past two weeks.
The water in the lake was very warm.
He had forgotten, so I went to his room to remind him.
He changed his mind about wanted tapestries instead.
He had to go to the supermarket for milk because he didn't have any.
She was fired in 1981.
She made sure to clean it up really well.
the puppy looked very healthy.
There was an intruder in the house.
He need to go to bed soon.
Roger never found any use for the keys.
They red-lined to the local raceway to sign up for a spot.
They started arguing with each other every day.
I couldn't handle the long distance relationship and ended things in a letter.
None of her friends would help.
Bob got lost on his hike.
My Aunt took me to a big city with lots of skyscrapers.
He looked around for any eggs, but didn't see any.
She was surprised at the lack of variety of hats there.
They had planned this moment for months.
She had picked out the perfect outfit the night before.
We went to a diner that had no alcohol.
I went out and bought myself 5 beginner's flying lessons.
Amy couldn't find any empty seats.
He was too scared to do any jumps.
Sue decided to get her parrot a mate and that was all it took.
He decided to go to a bar instead.
He loved the cold.
I loved the pictures and looked great in them.
So he enters his team into a local gaming competition.
She tells her teacher that she has been practicing the tuba.
They used non lethal bullets for safety.
She wanted to get a new babysitter.
Simon bit into a chocolate glazed donut.
She was already behind on bills unfortunately.
everyone look at him surprised.
At the next table over were two parents with their gold fish.
She wasn't ready to become active again though.
the mother cleaned his room daily.
She knew no one could ever replace her husband, but she didn't want to be lonely.
John ran into a bounty hunter who he knew and informed him of his demise.
He decided to stay in bed a bit longer.
She had to share with her sister.
Sometimes he would nap all day.
His little brother Sam refused to help out.
Tim didn't feel like going out in the rain at all.
He packed a salad and fruit.
He took his bike to avoid traffic.
I never got injured doing these things, thankfully.
Tommy dribbled the ball and passed it to another teammate.
Jay had really celebrated all of his birthdays in amazing style since he turned 21.
I didn't see the paper so I went inside.
The UBER arrived and I hopped in.
Kay decided to take the dog to the humane society.
However he parents wouldn't let her keep it, but she hid it in their old shed and fed it table scraps.
Lita decided to go to an accountant for help.
He was always full of energy.
Jane got on her horse, but then got off right away.
And he thought praying would help.
He asked his friend to host one.
So when he was running the race, he won by a mile.
So his wife pushed him to mow the lawn.
She also liked dogs.
He was still hungry so he ordered another.
She didn't have money for new clothes.
But she wasn't going to tell her husband.
We both loved video games.
So he never took a bath.
All his friends are afraid of the mice and never visit his home.
One day, his computer died and removed his ability to play.
To her homework seemed like a unnecessary waste of time.
Tom purchased a large garden salad.
Bonnie got a good night's rest the night before the big game.
He decided to go to the local bar.
Iva was given some cream to her by a relative.
Her friend is a carpenter, and he offers to help her build a birdhouse.
Anna lived in Florida, so it was always nice.
Unfortunately, she lost it somewhere when she set it down.
Jacob decided not to work late shifts anymore.
She was a poker professional.
He quickly corrected the problem.
Kevin attended Harvard.
Lucy did not want to be an actress.
The smell of my food attracted another dog.
Howard had been fired for his poor performance.
It gets hit by a car.
I helped her raise the money for the foundation.
She went to the doctor to get a check up.
He procrastinated on buying a car.
They got bored with that argument and went to get a beer instead.
She did not really like the position she got.
He was completely ready for it and couldn't wait to take the test.
She wanted a spare to give to a neighbor in case of an emergency.
Unfortunately, he broke his legs and was unable to surf anymore.
She left the cat on her street.
He washed the colored clothes first.
Their kids did not play together at all.
But his mom decided to home school him.
They loved spending time as a family, but hated being on the boats and swimming.
she was on her phone and wrecked into a pole.
Despite his skill, he never won a title of any kind.
His mother was not able to get him to go to the doctor.
But I managed to become a millionaire in my early 20s.
He tried to send his boss a fax.
The house had a fire and was turned to ash.
He was so scared to propose that he never did.
The forgot to bring fishing rods.
The man decided the best way to think was to spend time in the busy city.
His mother always warned him to be in earlier, and he listened.
He always obeys the rules.
One day, her friend failed to pick her up from the airport.
I put a lot of toilet paper in there.
She slept through her alarm the next day.
He decided to drink water instead.
He reveled in all the fun.
She took an over the counter pregnancy test.
He turned up his nose and demanded a beer, which was unusual for a 7 -year-old.
She was sleeping in bed one evening.
It turns out he is a competitive eater.
He saw a man struggling to put the lock on, and stopped to help him.
I ran to the room to see who was knocking.
He wanted to be a Fireman.
I decided to try a new NSAID to help with the muscle pain from wok.
The training was pointless and didn't teach us anything we didn't already know.
He put food in the microwave to cook.
James had put red food coloring in the water.
Her mother told her she wouldn't be buying her any new ones.
The squirrel was running around looking for the babies.
But then he realized that he forgot to buy some ingredients.
He played it so much that night that he didn't eat.
She decided to move abroad for a few years.
Caitlyn had lots of friends and was very polite.
He went home to learn to play the guitar.
She had a particular favorite, but was scaed to carry it with her daily.
He propped the iPad on his nightstand.
My cousin introduced me to Eric Clapton.
She made a curry sauce because she was confused.
He saw a very ugly woman.
He always sat at the same old desk.
He started a business selling magazines.
She dropped the pizza on the way home.
He often picks up coffee before work which makes him late a lot.
After a few drinks, he went back home.
He never was teased at all.
Tom decided to stay at the picnic table instead of fishing.
I decided to live everyday as if it was my last day.
He spoke fish fluently, so he asked it for directions.
He pulled onto the shoulder and stopped.
When he woke up he decided to just call into work for the day.
His writer's block prompted him to pursue other interests.
I decided to ask my mom to clean it.
His parents didn't want him driving their big pickup truck.
Darlene's boyfriend was loved by her parents and they couldn't wait to see him.
She was using her father's pick up truck.
One day all of his fish were dead when he woke up.
He was only gone for a few minutes.
It was a dead rat under the stove.
They had recently cut down all their trees.
The police evicted him from the neighborhood.
He took it to a paleontologist who identified it as bone from a bear.
She had it at her house.
He was all dirty and dirt was everywhere in the house.
But the monitor still came on.
Her phone was ringing on her nightstand.
Lisa made toast.
His students always complimented Jackson's fashion choices.
But Marie was afraid of small, confined spaces.
When he got older, he realized his dream could be reality.
She kept her store safe with guns.
He tried to learn to play the drums.
Over time, meat made him healthy and strong.
They carried a basket of food.
Dana and Amanda lived a happy life.
She went away to visit her parents for the summer months.
Mabel hired a professional landscaping service to mow for her.
Glenda gave her a cup of milk.
Lynn friends had broken after coming in a window.
He had it all planned out for Mary.
She decided it would be up to him to  make the first move.
After she got her license, she asked her brother to teach her how to drive.
it was sunny outside.
She was lazy and rude to the customers.
Although he liked to steal things he also liked giving them to people who need them.
The letter contained her water bill for the previous month.
He was a black belt in karate.
He used kits he found online.
He was more interested in listening to music.
Suddenly, she slipped and hit her head.
The bird stayed in the nest as it could not fly.
Lucy called Stacy, and they agreed to go play mini golf.
Emily took his words to heart and stopped cooking entirely.
She said she gets sea sick and can't go.
He was being rude because he had a long, upsetting day.
She was ready to start life in the city.
By the last hole, my friend had a comfortable 8 stroke lead.
The opted to sleep in hammocks as the weather that evening was so mild.
He forgot to turn on the grill.
The blaze spread too quickly, and caught the house on fire.
The old man saw a lizard and stomped on it with his boot.
My girlfriend does too.
She was only a newborn and slept the entire time.
I got a bit discouraged.
Ron decided not to workout and continue his couch potato life.
Ben loved when she made chicken noodle for him.
He decided to drive to the court house to get his name changed.
She cooked a delicious meal and sat down to enjoy it.
I got the buns, buttered them and forgot to put them in the oven.
Marco and his parents talked about his schoolwork the whole ride.
The clouds cleared for the sun.
Sandra tripped and sprained her ankle and she had to go back home.
His mother asked her to bring olives.
Her friend give her one so she didn't have to make it.
He didn't have to save because his parents would buy him one.
Sketchers always lasted me a long time and were great quality.
Ava and Ari decided to never speak again.
They were so happy to see each other.
His boss made him come in for a double shift that lasted all night.
Amy ate them and threw away the box.
Whitey wanted to have some chicks of their own.
Today a customer asked me a question.
She was suddenly confronted by a large dog.
Being blind, he took people's for it.
Bob was so tired of spending money on merchandise that he laid out of school.
The couldn't find a good spot, so they went home.
Shane declined to eat any after developing a stomach ache.
I was eating eggs alone in my house.
They decided to sell their house.
She decided to go to her favorite restaurant, and it was great.
He drank a glass of water and felt much better.
She gets a raise every year for her dedication to the company.
Wayne decided instead to focus more on his studies.
I made sure there was an umbrella in my car.
After a year of saving, Harvey still didn't have enough for a vacation.
She crawled away from her dad angrily.
He got his chicken from a licensed farmer.
The farm was already closed.
My boss ended up feeling bad for me and promoted me the next day.
She decided to snuggle with Tito and keep sleeping.
Joe wanted to keep pushing his good luck at that track.
I forgot about Valentine's Day and didn't buy her anything.
I decided to wear the costume I wore last year.
I had to work overtime and made it to the concert just as it was ending.
Leaves started to turn colors.
She had offered to pay for his new apartment.
Shannon texted Jay everyday.
They got into a fight and never spoke again.
Rick regretted not being a better husband and father.
My daughter was feeling anxious and decided not to go.
While there, he thought the band looked just as he remembered.
The little boy wanted to be able to watch the player's game.
He was born after the Berlin Wall came down.
He was not interested in playing the guitar.
To fix her loneliness she decided to adopt a guinea pig.
I saw a wolf standing by a snow bank.
She cleaned it with a vacuum first.
It closed for good due to lack of funding one day.
He cooked the fries with ease.
He did poorly during his training and wasn't able to get the job.
He finally decided to try a dating website.
But she let her get a cat instead.
She donated it to a food pantry in the name of Christmas spirit.
He went home to an empty house.
She had no other plans for the rest of the day so she could go home and sleep.
She didn't like anyone at the school.
Our friends told us they'd never move away.
he was upset that he could not go to his favorite restaurant.
The reason is Charles was a telemarketing manager.
George was very happy with the headphones and used them for years.
When a limo driver asked if he needed a ride.
His girlfriend convinced Sam to only date her.
This year there would be a competition at the fair.
She accidentally forgot to bring the tent.
Alex takes good care of the house while they're gone.
I left without doing anything else.
Bob was great at soccer, but preferred basketball.
She decided to give up and move back home with her parents.
She decided she needed a bigger closet.
She was on good terms with the teacher, but struggled with the instrument.
He had to lay off half of his staff.
The pet store had closed down.
He went for a run to feel better.
She recommended a decrease in my pill dosage.
Lily's dad was really good at haircuts.
His daughter, Ella, had died as an infant.
Andy went to the ticket booth to buy tickets.
They knew wanted a new TV.
They went to burger king.
But they moved to Florida.
His mother warned him not to ever sin but John avoided church for the rest of his life.
He found some extra money on the floor.
Her grandmother had every TV channel imagineable.
As a general, he commanded from relative safety behind the battle.
He saw a bull rider get gored by a bull.
She didn't mind it though, it was comforting to her.
We walked away from the unique shaped building.
One day, she watched a documentary about animal cruelty, but it didn't affect her.
He looked at the books but didn't find one he liked.
He got the spare tire on in record time.
She took them out for a trip to the mall.
The guy never made it to the date so she never heard from him again.
He told the bully he did not want to fight him.
Unfortunately she gave it up when she got pregnant and got too busy to bike.
His girlfriend didn't like to fish and wouldn't hold the rod.
Her and the father want to start a family.
They landed their boats and went for ice cream.
He made sure to be ready 30 minutes early.
She couldn't make up her mind about what to do.
He ordered spaghetti and meatballs.
I stopped inside after dropping Fred off after our golf match.
The attendant said no, because he ran out of it.
the crowed seemed educated.
She went into the cafeteria and found the place empty.
She was very candid and put everything in the trash.
They were sold out on the same day.
So he went to the steal some from his mom.
Ava began to check the bird for any potential wounds.
She gave her ticket to the check in officer.
Her boss was the type that was not friendly.
She arrived at her house without incident.
He was never given the public recognition he thought he deserved though.
The feed was the wrong type to attract any birds.
His brother was alive.
Mary didn't know what Rob was talking about.
Sam and his friends prepare well for it.
She placed the chicken in one place to thaw and decided to take a nap.
Teresa invited her babies over for supper.
The old man researched great vacation destinations.
He went to the grocery store to buy some.
It involved farming and gathering.
Tom didn't yell at his mother though.
The oldest kid danced in the rain.
She asked her dad for one but he said no.
He hair was already light so she did not need to bleach it.
He wanted to make a tree house with his dad.
He wasn't really paying attention to what the little boy was doing.
He fixes it himself and gets on his way.
She came to class completely unprepared.
He posted on Craigs List asking for a strong helper.
Gina told her that the tape player is not working.
He stopped jumping when he broke his legs.
She asked for help from a schoolmate who was quite good in yoyo tricks.
She had fun with all the kids.
I found her dead one morning.
He decided to stay home and get some projects done around the house.
Her mom would not let her leave the house until she cleaned her room.
He decided to grab a burger from the dollar menu.
I didn't have the money to lend to him.
He would use the saplings to make spears.
She had a happy tingling in her stomach.
Instead of admit his mistake, he declared an Onion Festival.
She couldn't afford to go anywhere.
Ted decided to become vegan with his girlfriend.
The coffee maker caught on fire.
I love all sweets except for sour ones.
We got tetanus shots before the annual circus day.
She never even took the exam.
She usually sticks to foods she enjoys, like mixed nuts.
Tina's mom gave the cat to a neighbor.
Sam couldn't find the courage to talk to Sara.
He had a lump on his arm, but it went away on its own.
He arrived just in time to hop on the bus before it pulled away.
Her daughter fell asleep in the seat portion of the cart.
He checked online to see how much a groomer would cost.
Joseph gave up 3 miles in.
She decided to buy a horse drawing from a local artist.
It's got a bustling city on it that caters to tourists.
His mom finally agreed to build him one.
I played skee ball for a long time.
The new house seemed big and strange but forgot their toys.
I was prepared for the exam, and thought I did well.
I think I will cheer up.
He decided to go cold turkey and quit.
He missed the ball when it came towards him.
Her father asked her to make some of her famous cookies.
He had a new boyfriend the next day.
He went to the beach instead.
His dog keeps getting lost.
He couldn't afford a set of clubs.
He knew that he needed to learn how to.
I've faced the Christmas season without money before.
But Ann wanted to break up with Tom.
They finally talked on the phone.
He notices that he writes well when surrounded by people.
He hated writing the scripts for his home movies.
He went to the video game store.
He walked down the isles looking at books.
Suddenly her brother showed up unexpected.
Her grandma was in great shape.
So I sat down and wrote a speech.
Her father talked her out of investing.
My sister got purple crayon on it.
I instead learned French.
She gave the baby up for adoption.
he was very restrained with cash.
Lilly did not finish her homework.
He was scared so he went over to his aunt's house.
Greg saw a bright orange light behind him and realized it was a fire.
His wife wouldn't go so he took his dog.
She took a cab to work like she does everyday.
Gene realized his car had been stolen.
He asked for some money.
She went home and decided to try her friend later.
Madison put the dishes in a dish washer.
He stayed home and tried to order a ticket online.
She ordered one from her favorite restaurant.
His parents were unaware of how he was feeling.
Matt accidentally broke an expensive lamp with his broom.
Billy and Rob stabbed each other during the dispute.
I sat them next to the mail.
After several minutes, a bird flew in my direction.
He is being very quiet.
A skateboarder passed by.
He saw a car speeding away.
Her family forgot to buy candles for the cake though.
He was single and they started dating.
The woman was so happy.
He soon tripped and lost his grip on the pencil.
He wasn't good at passing to the rest of his team.
She said I should help more with the cooking.
She got five minutes into the process and decided to leave it to a professional.
She pulled to a stop at a railroad crossing.
He decided to make photocopies of his friend's.
Before we left we double checked our belongings.
Gina was never able to cure her acne.
He could not find a corkscrew in the house.
Anthony did not get the job.
However, I noticed my lawnmower wouldn't start for some reason.
She figured it was probably just the dishwasher, and ignored it.
Neil did his absolute best on each exercise.
He was so tired the next morning that he didn't go to school that day.
Was so excited for the first day, we asked him to let us out early so we could walk to rest of the way and gossip.
More than anything, she wanted a barbie doll as a present.
but she never sees them because she lives far away.
She was disappointed that there was no fish food for sale.
His mom recently died so he was dropped of by an aunt.
But the rake held up fine and when I was done I had a nap.
Nervous and tense the flyer flops on her attempt to back handspring due to sweaty palms.
He got into an accident and went to the hospital.
Tito had a great session and went to work afterwards.
Failing to see the opponents, the quarterback was sacked.
looking for something to eat after school.
He decided not to learn after watching videos on YouTube.
His mom decided to braid his hair herself.
His dog made a mess of his shoes.
He told his landlord that he'll put a new roof on the house in exchange for rent.
Louise stayed inside all day.
He went home and worked hard on a sculpture.
His parents told him that they couldn't have one in their apartment.
He was trying to feed it one day when it escaped the house.
While the cars zipped around the track their puppy spot grabbed one of their toy cars and ran off with it.
His mother let him get a game system.
And he got sick because of it.
Although he has never won a game.
He couldn't find a local gym, so he took up outdoor running.
The store is closing, so we bought a lot of soda and beer for a small amount of money.
Roger and I went outside to play in the snow.
Her boss was elated because he thought the store was doing really well.
They walk to the nearby cemetary.
He is so excited about his concert.
His friends have been laughing behind his back and trying to think of a way to tell him that it looks very bad.
When he was walking to the store he thought.
She accidentally tore one of the pages.
He decided didn't like it so he quit the class and enrolled in graphics.
But he didn't believe in plastic surgery.
I decided to dump all of the water out because I did not like the brand.
One night, I decided to have dinner al fresco under the stars.
In addition, she ended up moving Henry's wallet.
Allie saw that the chains were rusty so she tossed it in the dumpster.
Dave sped up to get away from the police car.
She did not want her dog to follow.
They stole the teachers eraser but gave it back to her.
He put cooked fish in the casserole.
He shrugged and walked away.
Brad bought two new tires for his car for the winter.
He headed home to eat lunch.
She was at home with a stomach bug.
I only listen to heavy metal.
She made sure to drink at the fountain every day.
He watched a cooking video and made himself some spaghetti.
He was told he wasn't good enough to be a writer.
They had a great vacation the house was amazing.
His son was on the team but played horribly, bringing the whole team down.
When all of a sudden his tyre had a blow out.
She was about to get him a new golf club.
We should have it at the park.
It was Marks birthday but he stayed home to celebrate with family.
She had them for 3 days before they died.
He got the milk out.
It made me miss time spent with my own friends.
Milly volunteered for acupuncture first and felt much better after.
They decided to drive into the city to watch a movie.
An employee found it and locked it up in the safe.
I looked online and saw that Horace was still single.
I was scared to even go out anywhere.
June had got the butter on her first trip.
She told Henry that it is impossible to knock the vase over.
His friends convince him to cook spaghetti.
I told her the keys were on the table.
A seagull knocked him over and he nearly suffocated in the sand.
She always hid from us.
He explained the changes in the jobs of employee.
He was sad because the band broke up and he would never be able to see them in concert.
The man slipped on the wet floor and fell hard.
He'd been hit too many times during the water balloon fight and would be out the next time.
She decided to buy one at the store.
Jeff laughed until he cried because he knew Henry was jealous since he was in a wheel chair.
He was worried that he might have missed too much work and his boss would say no.
She was able to jump long distances.
The coach wanted the balls to be as plain as possible.
He knew his friend loved going to restaurants, so got one for food.
He bought her chocolates at the store.
She reached over to grab everything she needed, silverware and butter.
She went to the shoe store with her friend to find a cute pair for prom.
He did all of his school work.
Lisa didn't feel well after eating fish for lunch but needed groceries.
They were alone all night.
He decided to give up fishing and become a carpenter.
Unfortunately they missed the bus and didn't make it to the concert.
The boss said he didn't have it ready.
She forgot half of the ingredients and used hotsauce.
I gathered all of my ingredients: flour, sugar, eggs, and baking powder.
Gina and Mary made up immediately.
When Carly wast twenty-nine, her home barely missed getting hit by a tornado.
Harry thanked his grandma for the gift he always wanted so he wanted to call her.
She had no interest in learning about Russia.
He could not get past squatting 150 pounds.
They asked their father to borrow the tent.
Jim laid in bed all day.
I sat down with my bird watching binoculars.
She was rushed to hospital in an ambulance.
Her neighborhood was very quiet that night.
I was only ten years old and got too scared to wait in the line, so I left.
But she didn't have any friends.
500 people came to the Grand Opening.
But they couldn't get there in time.
His car tire blew out and he got a flat.
He brought his dog to protect him.
He was busy that day and couldn't go.
She painted her living room black.
I dropped a bag onto the ground and picked it up.
At her friend's house today she had to use the bathroom.
Bobby hit the ball and it hit the fence.
Unfortunately, there was a storm brewing and they had to go home.
I let them win.
Her favorite horse to ride was Rose.
Now, her hair had nice curls in it.
She passed away at birth so a motor skill toy would be the best item.
They behaved perfectly.
They watched as the frog hopped into the bushes.
Her mom decided to give them all away to the homeless.
John was dating someone else, so he couldn't go out with Bill anyway.
They were going up the river, headed for white water.
She was very proud of her garden and loved that people appreciated it.
She was only doing it as a joke.
Ed realized that he still had money in his savings account.
He ended up flipping the coin.
He did as much as he could but his commute was too long of a distance so he kept driving his car to work.
I went to a slow chess tournament in the Boston area.
He was so scared that he decided to sign up for dance lessons.
He went back to sleep.
He misplaced the book that he had just bought.
Anthony's parents showed up to check on him.
He was sure he will get caught.
Penelope called the wedding off before picking a dress.
Her mother was enamored with how adorable the dog was.
Jim decided to extended in accounting.
The teacher decided to play rock music.
She died instantly in the accident.
He would sell them online.
He decided to stay inside and look at dragon exhibits only.
He studied his books for hours.
Mike was trying to impress the kids at school.
As a joke he punted the ball completely away from the court.
She had plans with her boyfriend.
When he returned he asked Jake to go to store with him.
Jason decided he wanted to go scuba diving.
Bob could not tell a lie.
Taking it off made no difference for my phone.
She assumed it was the TV.
She found the take out menu to her favorite restaurant.
He took out his only belt but forgot to put it on.
At lunch time she was excited to see her favorite ham sandwich.
One day, this girl refused an invite from Robin to play dolls.
Whitney always wore a phone strap around her arm to keep her phone safe.
It didn't work and they broke up.
Her lawyer called me after the funeral and said she left me nothing in her will.
She decided to stay home all day.
So she went with her brother.
She kicked the empty sled to send it down the hill.
She sat down to eat the bread.
Jill's friend's blind date had a great time with Jill.
Cindy decided to skip work that day.
A bird  flew over her head.
He forgot to break into the safe to test out its strength.
She told Steve that she was strictly monogamous.
It was uncomfortable so I switched chairs.
I have been playing fantasy baseball for years with other work employees.
He built a contraption with wings he believed would fly, but it never flew.
They were the best employees he had ever known.
When she walked in the house she smelled something bad.
He joined a study group and his shyness went away.
He could not afford to pay the rent.
She set up a blind date for her son at a restaurant.
Fortunately, Stu's family owned several cars.
She was driving her car after a check-up.
I kept that Ouija board for 5 years.
They worked on it for awhile but got bored of it fairly quickly.
He wanted to buy a new game for his console.
Tom brought a pole and I brought two nets, and gave one to Tom to keep.
He went to the restroom to wash his hands.
But she left after a few minutes because she got an emergency call.
Then he moved away and I didn't see him again.
He came from a family with money, but liked to work anyways.
They saw a small park and it looked peaceful.
She placed coffee grounds in a filter and added water to the machine.
Her doctor told her that her body needs the nutrients found in leafy greens.
Luckily Jim was a heavy sleeper and never once woke up.
The child was very advanced for his age, so he skipped a grade in school.
The meal wound up costing over one hundred dollars.
I like to attend movies solo.
Everything was a mess.
Bored with his rural life, Ed moved to New York City.
She was rowing further down the river then she had previously done.
He saw an old friend and stopped to have a chat.
He got solar panels but didn't get anything recyclable ever.
Jesse couldn't read.
She had fallen and hurt her jaw the day before.
She threw a fit because she didn't like the taste of chocolate.
Janice closed her eyes and drifted off peacefully.
He bought new shoes.
Below the house there was an old tree with a very old treehouse.
We never let her out of the cage.
He prepared by renting a venue for the party to take place in.
At one live stage concert, his idol changed out of a stunning dress.
She was commissioned to make a candle for a ballet teacher.
I went to the theater and watched the movie without anything happening.
When he got struck by lightning.
So I taught him how to be brave.
I think I lost it outside.
He decided to take some money from his mom's hidden savings and never returned the money.
She carried the pot to her table to serve some, but dropped it on the floor.
The game ended in a deadlock.
She was short on money so she could only buy a little at a time.
The broom was in perfect condition.
Unfortunately her surprise backfired.
A wasp was in the car and I quickly killed it.
Their second date was even better.
He was so excited to be out of the country.
It started raining, so they were forced to go indoors.
Instead they decided to go to the movies.
He bought four of them!.
He started a Crossfit routine he saw on TV.
The doctor told her that she needed to eat less.
She got to the train right on time.
Aly cooked the turkey perfectly.
So today he felt extra lucky and decided to confess his love to his crush.
One year we got no snow at all during the winter.
The restaurant he works at employs twenty dishwashers.
She wanted to but couldn't afford a trip to India to see her parents' homeland.
He lived near Wisconsin.
Greg never caught a baseball before he died.
I hit the snooze button and went back to sleep.
She hated dances and decided she wasn't going to go.
Tim built the kite and had a great time flying it.
My boss wanted me to stay late, which was normal.
Tina's feet hurt and was ready to leave.
Shana was terribly jealous.
He accidentally washed his clothes on cold.
Jill's friend does a terrible job, and Jill has to fire her.
As a result I was stuck in traffic for only a couple of minutes.
All of a sudden his car ran out of gas.
We all got our skateboards out and had a blast skateboarding down the hill.
But he was allergic to dogs.
He looked through his entire house, trying to find one thing he could wear.
He found many mountains and valleys and researched them before going to see them.
Even though the dress was beautiful, Sara hated it.
She decided to stop using tofu and use regular meat from now on.
She had been up late the night before.
He got a part time job and bought a plastic shed.
Someone built a strip mall on the field and we don't see the deer anymore.
However the car had no gas so they had to walk.
Today Mike had to cancel because his wife was having their baby.
I was using glue to put it together.
He decided to rob a bank and got arrested.
he took his paycheck to the bank and he cashed it.
There were 25 shows about cooking on yesterday.
They were laughing and jumping and playing.
Then, he noticed water was coming from his faucet, as well!.
He decided to become a monk.
He didn't mind being a loner, though.
Lucy had tons of friends there from previous visits.
She decided to shatter the mirror.
I decided not to get insurance.
They were wearing very expensive clothes with a lot of accessories.
He made it home safe.
Her mother had just been diagnosed with cancer.
He then dumped the water over the turkey.
They handed each other a stuffed animal.
She moved during the summertime and it was extremely hot there.
He decided not to eat for a day.
He called for pizza to be delivered to his home.
Julie runs a bakery and is devoted to her job because she never had kids.
He thought maybe he had dreamed it.
She got scared and ran home.
The company was a scam and the items never made it to their destination.
So she asked the receptionist for one.
A big cat inside came to the other side of the door to see Finely.
He liked the smell and drove it home.
He was sad because he couldn't afford a car.
When he took the train there, he saw he had been correct.
He did a good job and merged successfully.
She forgot how to even play.
It didn't arrive so she cancelled the order.
She made friends and never had to resort to self-harm.
She even gives our dog a massage!.
He gave me half of it when I was 18.
He decided to find a volunteer job.
The spy failed the mission and was hanged.
Her siblings wanted to play with her.
Erica decided to not read at all.
She was scheduled for 3 double-shifts in a row.
Now he wanted her to sit around after a job well done.
Gary couldn't go hunting because he was out of town.
Mom said the pork chops would be ready in thirty minutes.
I asked to borrow her notes.
Alongside food and drinks, there were several jobs to do.
He should have been home by now but was late.
Amy hated Los Angeles.
I agreed immediately.
He loves how smart he looks wearing glasses.
Herb hated the puppy because it was ugly.
We were following the directions to the stadium.
he had played many international games.
The first one was what she expected, and she loved it.
I hated the cat and gave it away.
While at the library, he saw a beautiful librarian.
He dropped his phone in the dirt and couldn't find it.
He is taking a break from acting to focus on music.
Her friend, Shelby, recommended that she quit and find a better job.
He decided to take his cat fishing.
He considered things he's done in the past, and things he's always wanted to do.
She put on plenty of suntan lotion.
Tim was not old enough to have a puppy.
I was skeptical of god from then on.
She looked up and down every aisle.
She had even forgotten to drink her morning coffee.
Elsa remembered she was already using the microwave for baked beans.
Tom played the games so much that his console broke.
He didn't care because he'd already watched.
Susan had perfect attendance in the class.
They went to a park far away.
It was raining a lot on the road.
He had no time to stop and investigate.
We were a party of nine.
Nancy thought a bee stung her.
It was her last day at this new school.
He was being held for political crimes.
Kelsi was poor so she only received Hot Wheels.
I drank some warm milk and fell asleep.
The monster truck is going to be cheap and easy to replicate.
She's too scared to play on stage.
She was up in the loft, and fell asleep.
Pablo was okay with this.
He instead went to the beach.
Fig let their brother sleep with them.
But I couldn't have a pet at the place I lived so I told them I was moving.
No one came, and it was too hot, so he packed up and went inside.
Her coworker decided to switch to sports drinks.
I had forgotten about the game.
She didn't make the cut.
And he thought he was useless at the office.
He was so relieved and saw it as a new beginning of life.
He failed to quit and died from cancer.
The cat had a tag on it.
He liked expensive things and bout a pair of luxury socks.
Bob had the foresight to put plenty of salt on his driveway the night before.
She put her shoes on and as soon as she walked downstairs to greet him she fell and broke her leg, spending prom night at the hospital.
They mostly kept to themselves and hid.
Another car made a sharp turn off the exit.
She found an open window and climbed in it.
Bob decided he was very good at what he did.
The fugitive asked if he can play it.
He saw his friend emerge from a behind a tree and showed him the money.
We tried to bring him in but he refused.
Amy asked her co-worker if he wanted to eat a hamburger.
He wasn't very good at playing it.
There was no wind that day.
He got sick before he could do it.
They were trying a nude beach for the first time.
The next day he decided to order his favorite shampoo online.
Quentin went out to get fast food and went back home.
They watched a movie together, which was exciting.
They were finished a long time ago.
A girl asked me to join her on a stroll.
Mary had not been a good friend lately to Janet so she did not want to do anything for her.
The premiere was tonight but she didn't have a TV.
I pulled over to assess the situation.
I decided not to practice to try to get good at it.
He got it for next to nothing because the camera on it was broken.
John was terrible at telling jokes and never made anyone laugh.
He didn't drink any soda at all, he preferred lemonade.
She bet that Ann could drink two liters of soda in under an hour.
We saw some pretty deer in a clearing.
It was a plastic camera with no veiwfinder.
Her mother tells her that she can wear it to school.
Jon took the name-card.
She was at home sitting silently with her husband.
She knew exactly where the book she was looking for was.
Becky got it from a new store but it actually tasted gross.
They were going to Canada.
Kai declined the invite from his mother.
His car breaks down along the way.
He decided to sleep for one more hour.
He had good credit so he could get a job.
She didn't care because she liked being alone.
It rained and the parade was cancelled.
He went out on stage and had a panic attack and had to leave.
She found a good book at the local flea market.
Lily failed the exam and knew right away.
Gina's mother always bought it for her whenever she wanted.
His father was annoyed and thought he was wasting his day.
Martha drove over to the ice cream store afterwards.
So that meant Thursday was the bachelor party.
My grandma use to have a few of them on her dresser.
However, I couldn't afford to purchase any resources and had to rely on free ones online.
He threw Harry into the air.
He built it by himself.
But he was very careful and got back home safely.
Jim ate all the marshmallows peacefully.
I sped the whole time.
He fell asleep before the game started.
So Joey decided to help train Jeff.
We immediately knew where they were coming from.
Ryan never became a doctor before he died.
I found out that I failed the test.
Edith had lost her job and was currently broke.
He decided cleaning up the neighborhood just wasn't enough.
Desmond hated dinosaurs.
At least she had done her dishes the day before.
Anna lost the tickets when she misplaced her purse.
He was an expert shooter.
Nan told Joe that she would be happy to go with him.
All the other kids were jealous of his popularity.
She buys a new couch for the cat.
Kay changed her mind and spent lavishly.
She wanted to be a police officer for her birthday!.
We see each other all the time and meet up for coffee once a week at our favorite cafe.
She was trying to stay awake in the car.
He found a new love in painting in his recovery and vowed to never surf again.
She decided to call him.
I enjoy doing cash giveaways to the 9th caller.
He invited only Erica.
After a bad experience he reluctantly decided to go back to conquer his fear.
Carol always wanted to sell cakes but then she died.
Lucy was allergic to peanuts and was having an allergic reaction.
Fortunately, he only exaggerated about his achievements.
Everybody called in all at once.
But she could not remember a thing.
Candy bars were on sale so he bought a bag.
He decided to move back home.
He declined and decided to stay home and play on his Xbox one instead of spending money.
But I decided to stay home.
He ordered a pizza instead.
Tad didn't want a puppy.
But today, her car was in the shop so she took the bus instead.
He was not excited to start his new job as a jail guard.
On the way to work, she dropped the cake on the ground and ruined it.
He quickly excused himself and made it to the bathroom.
Tim's dad said he would help him learn.
But she was a terrible cook, so she ordered a pizza instead.
He put them in bags after he raked them.
Suddenly, it was very quiet.
She said no.
She had an easy time coping socially.
Then she found out he was a convicted child molester.
But I never got that brat a puppy.
She dreaded getting up for her early doctor's appointment.
He dropped his phone accidentally and broke his screen.
Lee won the lottery recently.
I opened my laptop and watched it online.
They got infected and I went to the doctor for help.
She sprayed some air freshener to kill the smell.
Bob never met the band before he died.
They both saw the moon at the same time.
Ricki came into the facility totally unprepared.
She had plenty of money to replace it.
He went to a store and saw a tablet he liked.
The shirt came out nice and clean.
I loved playing in the snow!.
Chad did not bring a coat as he had assumed they would want him to check it.
When she opened it it was a purse.
Tim ended up dropping his pop on his pants.
She used a fishing net to pull the stone out of the water.
Karen was told to go to the teacher if she ever felt worried.
He had a GPS so he wouldn't get lost.
Sam would never invite anyone over for food.
I went to a pizza shop.
But he wasn't very good at it.
After much thought I bought it off the shelf, from an electronics retailer near my house.
Two of my coworkers got into a fight.
Josh brought his favorite cowboy boots.
Unfortunately, Carrie broke her phone and couldn't wait for the new Windows so she had to buy an old one.
Things got awkward because of family drama, so he left early.
He put the dough on a cookie sheet but forgot to start the oven.
The person who committed the crime was arrested.
He found something he liked and picked it up.
He took classes on his own.
He gathered a few things from his bedroom before leaving it.
Jill was lazy and let her staff tend to all cleaning.
As he sat down on the sofa he heard a snap.
Sam bought a kite but it had a big hole in it and he had to return it.
He could not afford a new one because he was very poor.
On their way they decided to go tanning instead.
We knew right away which cat was perfect for us.
The vcr worked very well.
His tooth felt very sensitive every time he took a bite.
They could not decide what to do, so they went to a movie.
The house he had purchased was in need of repairs.
But they already had 2 boys and they couldn't afford to have more kids.
He forgot that and missed the appointment.
Her mother had an operation, and it cured her disease.
She was popular so she knew she'd get a lot of Valentines.
He had recently decided to train for a marathon and worked out constantly.
Her mom bought him all the games he wanted.
But Brad was on his way to a funeral today.
Unfortunately she forgot to send out the invitations and no guests arrived.
He looked all over the art gallery.
There was plenty of clean water nearby.
I finished quickly with my snowblower.
He plans to make a career out of it.
One day, my mom cooked pizza for dinner!.
But she had a spare key at a friend's house nearby.
she knew she had aced the written test portion.
Their children, along with only certain other invited relatives would attend.
She refused to stay with the Trumps.
Last year our daughter made a poster of her house.
Jack's mom had no idea what type of cake to make for him.
He felt sure he could sail north and make it there.
She loved their relationship.
He decided to take his bike, and hit the trail anyway.
To his delight, his stocking was stuffed full of chocolate bars.
She did very well in her classes, but it wasn't easy.
He hid his real name from everyone and kids at school knew him as Sam.
She decided to grab the table salt from the kitchen to sprinkle on it to cause it to melt.
It was their first day at work.
Her father tried to engage her in conversation.
The sky was bright, clear and sunny.
He attached it to a fire hydrant and shot at targets.
But Tom didn't know that Liz was cheating on him.
He took a shot at the basket.
They heard that storms were coming in so they quickly left.
She peered over his shoulder and noticed the ugly picture he drew mocking her.
He knew he hadn't grown at all since last year.
His old bike was was just perfect!.
He cleaned it himself.
But her brother gave her his old earbuds.
Charlie won every rap battle he ever competed in.
So he decided he need to study hard that night.
he had bought the pencil in a local store.
Dan had to throw the boots away.
The food and the service were perfect.
She started with the ears.
Someone ran a red light and crashed into her car, totaling it.
They bought all their equipment and had a great trip.
She walked halfway to the trade spot then turned back and went home.
He wasn't very deep when he reach rock and couldn't go any further.
She knew exactly how to get back to their house.
She was careful not to write anything private.
She decided to stop being friends with her.
Tim hated cake.
He doubted himself, however, and did nothing to capitalize on his talent.
So I suscribed to a few Youtube channels to learn how to do it.
He had tried different methods of remembering them but was Amish.
She got herself scissors.
He put on suntan lotion and a bathing suit, and he packed his cooler with beer.
He knew he wanted to get a bowl of pho.
I worked with him from 2007 to 2011, when his wife died.
A tiny pebble had gone down the drain and was clinking against the metal.
I got the meat out ready to cook them, and they turned out great.
Anna decided to grab a taxi and quickly flagged one down and got in.
They all went out and had a lot of drinks one night.
Her friend got a new boyfriend.
Kelly decided she didn't want to go through that again so she vowed to never have children.
The train was right on time.
His mother would constantly praise him about it.
After several minutes, I decided to go swimming instead.
He could not find the keys to his truck.
My stylist had to cancel my appointment, and I ended up changing my mind anyway.
Harry is 102 years old.
Her new job paid so much that money became no object.
Fred refuses to buy a blazer and goes shopping for a polo shirt instead.
Troy agreed as his arm was in a sling.
She decided to not invite anyone for drinks.
He knew his dad would not like it.
She made two piles; one with whites and one with colors.
Yuri re-docked due to the weather report.
Jake's mom said they couldn't afford to order pizza.
But she didn't have any friends or family nearby.
But right after the wedding, his mom died in a car accident, and he got depressed.
Weeks later, someone else moved in.
She got a good interest rate on the purchase.
She decided to skip taking a vegan cooking class.
One day I was picked up from school by my step-dad.
But Sally died in the city she was born.
It alighted on a branch next to the stream.
Sue needed to find part time work outside of the home.
I flew to San Francisco to go see him.
Roy successfully piloted a cross-country flight.
She never got to visit.
The microphone would not work.
His team was down by 1 point 5 minutes into the game.
They got to the dog park and there was no one there to play with.
She stayed home and ordered the pizza.
He went to go return a watch.
Tom's friends asked him to drink.
Tocca doesn't like water.
She sat and watched the frogs.
After her hike, she went back home and watched TV.
On his first day of doing this, the coin told him to drive to work.
Bob hated writing.
Rhonda was blind, so she made up a story instead.
She decided to try one next summer.
Tom was the top player in the district.
The owner of the insurance office got Angela an interview with two other agencies.
He plays chess slowly, in which each player takes their time.
Fortunately for him he woke up with a fever.
They were happy to color the sheets.
His daughter was twenty and they talked every day.
A rich man smiled at the beggar and continued walking past him, never speaking to him.
Her parents refused her suitor permission to court her.
It was put in a trust fund and Sammy would get it in ten years.
His friend in college helped him finish it.
I made sure to follow her orders and not snack.
She had lost the remote.
My daughter wanted to buy a lottery ticket.
She started to develop an allergy to the probiotic.
She decided to have someone else make it for her.
The director eagerly walked away.
Suddenly her phone went off and woke her up.
The bus took a wrong turn and got lost.
She was trying to buy some gumballs.
But they agreed to split the pie evenly.
Summer had just started, so he had a good idea.
It was her grandmother's name, too, so she couldn't change it.
I asked a friend to do it, because I didn't have the time.
While running to second base, he tripped and broke his leg.
He never ever misses a step in his nightly ritual.
She then took a hot batch and fell asleep.
This year, Amy's mom told her kids to use the coats from last year.
She seemed really excited to leave.
We bought lots of breads.
He saw a guitar that he liked at a store.
I didn't buy any fruit to make smoothies with.
There were police talking with my roommate.
Silas had no clue what he was doing at all as he was shy.
She decided to let Bob do all the cooking.
We cast our votes with no issue, and went to get a bite to eat.
But he was already married to Julia.
The bouncing ball was the size of his palm.
She learned when she was very young.
It was his first day back after his suspension.
Diana couldn't keep her eyes open and fell asleep, but no one noticed.
He playfully bit the child's arm.
It was the beginning of the game.
He freaked out and ran off stage shortly after.
He went back to bed and covered up.
One of her daughters was stealing cookies.
He's loving, considerate and always makes the right decision.
I was wide awake.
The substitute teacher was loved and respected by all.
They were seated right away.
He felt like that was something he should know.
Later, at lunch, I saw a girl finding my coat!.
She hated it.
There was a flood, and the whole town was underwater.
His twin kids ignored the crackers.
Jake never kept money at home because of this.
I told him that he could sleep with me if he was scared.
They were never hearts.
Ian has just enough money to buy the best pair of gloves.
He finally found some food lodged between his teeth.
He decides to get tutoring.
My dad made me get rid of her on Saturday.
But the majority of teachers thought it was unfair.
So he decided to start mowing yards for the neighbors so he could afford it.
But Daddy still demanded she cook dinner.
Then I got married and realized it was awful.
But then she got bored of it and never rode it again.
Amy was unable to help the dog before it passed away.
I burnt the sandwiches and had to eat ramen.
Jane got disability because she is ill and cannot work.
I tried to use my charger on it, and it was a perfect fit.
Brent was a great guy who always played by the rules.
But it was already Christmas Eve, so there were no more trees at any of the stores.
Now that her oldest daughter was an adult, Sandra let her do as she pleased.
He was running to the field and broke his ankle.
There's a playground where the kids enjoy playing next to the creek.
He took out a pair of pants and tried them on.
Her doll had just lost a dress!.
They decided to buy opposite dress colors one black and the other white for the dance.
She loved to jet ski.
The room was completely silent, other than the sounds of his toys.
Marry hated Christmas.
I told him I didn't know how to find the mean.
Alex goes to church regular.
Her mom taught her that it was cruel to catch them.
It was an easy test for him, considering his schooling and skills.
I would go up and down ladders.
Sadly, he moved to the city and could not find the time to hike lately.
So he bought ear plugs.
She went outside and she had her pick of several taxis.
She decided to practice on her sister.
Now she hates her manager and wants a new one.
The boys were all trouble makers.
She ended up doing very well on her first try.
Sam didn't have a kite.
I felt insecure and unfit.
The students looked at the grades he had marked on them.
He did not finish typing the essay.
He walked out drunk and passed out.
He had been eating it for the past two days.
She wanted to open a Facebook account.
The class greeted her with smile and she made many friends.
But every month, she noticed fewer and fewer people there.
He was having fun, but he went home.
It ended up coming out perfectly cooked.
Everyone greeted him because he was the life of the party.
They got into their car and and couldn't find a Dairy Queen.
He took his son to the pool.
He seemed to be missing a pair of pants.
I bought some pizza and soft drinks and we fixed the car while having a good time.
I couldn't find one to buy so I had to take in my old high school purse.
Her parents said she could go if they were there with her.
He ate all his broccoli then left.
Rose hated New York but wanted to buy drugs.
I sell all of them.
There was way too much food.
She realized she had forgotten her wallet.
Then, she asked him to leave since she was done with the tests.
Pam always wore the same 2 pairs of shoes and ended up selling 50 of the other pairs to a second hand store.
Kelly wasn't able to get a table since the wait was over two hours.
He made a milkshake.
He pulled a boot attached to his hook.
He was careful and followed the directions exactly.
During one game, his leg became healed.
It barely hurt and went away quickly.
Nevertheless, she did really well in school.
They had lots of gossip about their day at Henry High.
He decided to do a slow, simple, undemanding workout.
I decided to start watching my diet, but I didn't want to exercise.
The weather turned bad, and it started to rain, so I went home.
Francine had eaten a big lunch and wasn't hungry.
However, she always wanted to be an acrobat.
Ryan blamed someone else for stealing his phone.
Alex was able to pay for all the things he needed with his inheritance.
He caught the ball easily.
But they fought a lot and weren't sure they should get married that soon.
So he decided to purchase a guitar to learn to play music.
Bryan found another bag of dog food in the shed.
It started raining so he took his sons to a movie instead.
Angel decided to order a delivery pizza.
He was born and raised in California.
Sadly, humans didn't gain much from agriculture.
Her inexperience lead to her getting hit.
It started raining so we couldn't stay outside.
he planned a travel and tour.
The doctor prescribed antibiotics for a minor stomach infection.
But he had to work late and couldn't watch it.
He had an easy time filing online.
She crossed her arms and forgot about the remote.
It was a sporting award.
my eye doctor was closed that day.
April saw a turtle crunch it into bits.
Later, she saw the mermaid at the beach and knew she was real.
He made a big bowl and put apples and cinnamon in it.
It was scratched beyond repair.
Suddenly she saw a huge bobcat emerge.
And this Thanksgiving was the best of all.
Arnold ate cake every day until he died.
He was the fastest runner on the whole team.
Several kids and I got on the bus.
The doctor told her today that she needed to gain 100 pounds.
She never left home with it so she wouldn't lose it.
Fortunately, he never gets deployed overseas.
Her father bought her a rifle instead of a bow and arrows.
Unfortunately, he wasn't able to attend the tournament over the weekend.
She was so scared of the loud noise she just heard.
Last week my mom finally took me to the pet fish store.
She was much too shy to sing in front of people.
He picked them up quickly.
The animals were his only friends.
She even switched her lunch period so she wouldn't have to sit with them.
She decided to unwind by taking a shower.
She placed the vegetables in first so they could bring out the flavor.
Brad loved his shelter and watched football in there.
She swam as far as she could go, but didn't see any fish or wildlife.
Next to the outdoor dining area was a nice pot of flowers.
But he got distracted and the beef burned.
He bought a ball online, but when it arrived it was actually a basketball.
The ice cream truck did not have the ice cream she wanted.
I felt something in my boxers and shook them and the bee fell out.
But she couldn't find it.
They saw a street performer entertaining a crowd.
He was too afraid to take an IQ test and find out his actual intelligence.
She wasn't able to find a salad bar restaurant.
They found some skis in the house.
He just recently bought a new car that was dirty.
He became so sad that he dropped out of school.
Our builder took our money and ran off.
They had tickets to another event, so they couldn't come to the arena.
He decided to run for Mayor so he could be more powerful.
She decided to sleep with her coach to manipulate him into giving her a higher ranking.
Unfortunately, his bow broke.
The safari had to be cancelled due to extremely poor weather.
There was nothing in her city that suited her needs.
Clark one day discovered LSD and calmed down significantly.
He noticed the menu was the same as always.
He went outside to check it out.
He went to the store to buy a candy.
They got over the issue easily.
Unfortunately, the puppy ran away.
Jerome forgot the date and missed the cook off.
Henry passed away.
No one really noticed my slight symptoms.
Tom decided to learn to play drums in hope to join a band to create his own music.
I went to put down the pot off coffee on the counter.
Finally we decided against it.
One day, she decided to play for fun and not competitively.
He sold unneeded clothing and made good on his debts.
The bird flew away as soon as I went to the window.
He decided to carve one out of wood using a big dried vine.
The adoption place said I could get them fixed, but I decided not to.
She never did because she became overweight.
She has learned how to beg for treats.
The movie was playing on every screen in the theater.
She wanted to go to her favorite sandwich shop.
He put in his paperwork but was denied.
She could not afford the top school.
He snuck in the back door and avoided running into anyone.
She never saw him again.
Linda's friend says Linda's overreacting because her daughter behaves perfectly.
It had gone bad so he decided to throw it away.
Janet knew it would be a three day trip.
The woman behind her yelled everyone get down, she had a gun.
Then she boarded a plane and left for vacation.
But he couldn't afford a flight to travel to historical places.
She turned on the oven.
She finished the bag.
When she opened the front door she could hear someone in the house.
He did not want to spend a lot of money.
He was the best player at the retirement home.
When they arrived at the field, though, they saw that it was already being used for a little league tournament.
It was his worst enemy Steve.
He couldn't wait to get back home.
She woke up after 4 hours of sleeping.
She could not wait to have fun.
The temperature gauge dropped.
Chuck decides to go to the grocery store for medicine.
The order was fairly simple and was not messed up.
He was very excited.
A fire burned down the cabin the day before they were set to arrive.
We still laugh about how he beat me.
He took the day off to go see the football game.
However, the farm was closed to visitors that day.
She wrote for hours every day.
They bring the kids to Ani's apartment.
She was going to record her first record!.
But he was always working so he gave it away.
He handed his girlfriend his parachute.
Jill played casually with her friends.
It fell off on its own before my appointment.
She paid the ticket off promptly.
I went to an after-school pie eating contest.
As the sun set, it grew dark but decided to walk to a hotel.
It was about his girlfriend, so he gave it to her for Valentine's day.
So he asked his father for some money to buy it.
I researched Congress accomplishments online and found all the info I needed.
Jim decided to let Jen pick the movie.
I will be wrapping presents.
She was actually really good but didn't want to embarrass her brother by beating him.
She had never flown before.
I loved my name.
She spent all of her time inside.
He was getting less sleep and had bags under his eyes.
He asked his parents to enroll him in a chess club.
She decided to skip black and wear blue.
As he stepped to their front door to meet them, the dogs were quiet and just licked him.
He didn't get one, but he got lots of socks.
I took the kids on a field trip to a volcano.
Her friends never told lies.
Winston had an awful time in Mexico and left.
It starts to rain so she goes back into the house.
He went to the doctor and he got better.
christmas to her was a family tradition.
Jared's copilot faints while on the controls and he can't get control of the plane.
The boy didn't do anything to deserve the book being thrown at him.
Oswald could not afford houses in the city.
Knowing the dangers of distracted driving, he ignored the call.
Joe decided he didn't want to go to jail so he jumped off a cliff.
We were all excited and couldn't wait to make new friends.
She had a clear topic and felt strongly about her essay.
So she walked over to her and started a conversation.
She was cooking curry for all the family.
Jacob doesn't talk to anyone about the situation.
Jane was not as intelligent as Joe.
Her siblings wanted to watch the same thing.
His friend Hillary is running as his Vice President.
I loved the keyboard and used it every day.
I've prepared a monologue for everyone.
He brushed so well that he never visited the dentist.
Kim's target would watch French films with subtitles and cartoons.
The next day the finger was infected and needed to be amputated.
The recipe said they were no-bake cupcakes.
He was a mean old man, and Sally stayed away.
They rebuilt it immediately.
She decided it was too expensive and didn't get on.
Sally hated walking in the woods, so she stayed in her cabin and read a book.
Rich lesion turned into a big wound.
His mother wouldn't buy him any, because his old clothes still fit.
Her friends told her of a restaurant that was hiring.
He accepted loneliness as part of life and decided to focus on his practice.
Charles was an only child and didn't know what that meant.
It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted but never got lost.
He was waiting to hear back from his pen pal.
A girl wrote a nasty note about Dan.
A fire had begun at a chemical plant.
So I put on my sunglasses.
There he saw a group of chickens drawing with chalk.
He ran away scared.
Joe is a purchasing manager at a university.
I grew out of the obsession over the years.
Dominique decided that she didn't like swimming.
After the show we drove back home.
She is 18 years old and gets feedback from elderly men.
He decided to go back to sleep.
Stephanie hired her own ice cream assistant to get the scoop.
This afternoon, he bought a tin foil hat.
His dad sold his Nintendo since he couldn't play his favorite game.
Tom was listening to his favorite CD.
When he arrived, he was saddened to learn that the lake had completely dried up.
He paid his sister to do it for him.
Maddy took a big swig of her friend's cola.
It was easy to ski because the trails weren't busy.
Tom loved Ariana so he was committed to her.
She hates chocolates.
Her husband left her at the store.
Bob counts the money in his wallet.
The dog loved to dig.
He decided to shave his face to have mutton chops.
He only eats the plain dog food he's used to.
They were smoking crack and tempting him to partake.
She had perfect eyesight to view the baby.
He didn't see any living animals all day.
I don't like to run though.
She brought him over a piece of cake from her 90th birthday party the previous day.
He took out all the chicken wings he had and lined it on his counter.
A tired man walked off the bus at the bus stop.
He enjoyed the afternoon, and then decided to stay in the water overnight.
He was about to take his first exam.
Charles was so unhappy that he left to live with his father.
Rather than painting, he was hired to wash dishes.
The dogs died after one day.
Alicia met a beautiful lady and married her.
Leila fell asleep in the jeep the whole time.
The storm was pretty bad and his package was delayed.
She was afraid of going to the doctor to see what it is.
Sadly, Bella passed a week before her sweet sixteen.
The girls had second thoughts after taking off.
In it was a scene with kids playing catch.
Shy decided that she didn't want to take a long leave from her job so she changed her mind.
She had second thoughts and asked her mom to cook instead.
I decided to go train anyway.
She quit her job and left the office.
He ran over to his TV but it was broken.
Tim invited all the bullies who bullied him.
His parents informed him at dinner that they'd cancelled the cable to save money.
I went to a town close to the one I lived in, but went home on my own.
Tina is a drug addict and needs rehab.
She shopped around and test drove a motorcycle.
They were too expensive so she couldn't buy them.
The car infront of him was blocking the road.
They were close in age, and knew they were sisters.
The dog ignored the frisbee.
Shortly after, she had an interview for a job she didn't want.
He became so drowsy from lack of sleep that he yawned.
I forgot about it, and the toast burned to a black crisp.
When he turned the key, the car thankfully started still.
She wore it everywhere, but lost it.
I never wanted to be famous.
He decided marriage wasn't a good idea.
Eric thought coffee was gross, and preferred tea.
Erica did not like to watch television.
Mike knew that he could never fly planes since his sight would always be bad.
Every paycheck, she set aside 3 dollars.
He like to live by himself.
The man was stabbed and died his first day.
She was sad due to her planning on asking her high school crush out to go to the movies.
He retreated into a dark depression.
Tom lived in the house for 10 years.
She did her best and they turned out wonderfully.
The house was haunted and no one ever went there.
She put in some earplugs and that seemed to do the trick.
Cole jumped to avoid walking through a puddle of mud by the entrance.
We had to leave as soon as we got there due to an emergency.
I'm sorry that I've never had the chance to meet him.
A man came in with a smile.
His friend helped him to finish the whole room in a week.
Will won against Jesse in the final game.
She decided against it due to her budget.
Jim decided to call in sick to work and stay home.
They got into their seats, hot dogs and soda in hand.
The announced it via cards only.
He finally saw him under the couch.
But he never wore a costume.
Her family didn't believe in exchanging gifts.
The Sega came with Toe Jam & Earl, which had a lot of hype behind it.
He decided not to have lunch and went home inside.
She would eat almost anything and was not a wasteful person.
The music store was closed.
The game with their biggest rivals did not go well the week before though.
But she had a big budget for Christmas.
But there was a fire near the stand and it reached it.
He was never able to get a story accepted to a magazine.
He decided to just read a book.
Roxy wants to play her boss Richard for money.
He went to the stadium to watch the game.
The window was broken.
The man didn't pay the contractor for a year.
Robin saw a dog sitting happily.
He used a net and began to retrieve sticks and plants from the water's edge.
The zinc supplements i bought were pricey.
They got so drunk, they fell asleep for the rest of the night.
She always crawls on the couch to take a nap.
We hardly ever use it.
The tour guide said no digging was allowed.
Bill's recipe was ready to be shown.
She told her parents she would never use the skateboard.
My brother did it perfectly, costing us nothing.
the dog played with other dogs.
Richie was surprisingly alert and not irritable though.
She lost all of her money and went home empty handed.
She picked expedited shipping at checkout.
He found that studying was a waste of time.
He enjoyed the warm weather.
One day she decided to enter a local singing competition, but it went poorly.
Unfortunately, she's not very good at it.
I turned on the television instead.
He did not run around at all.
The cat was injured and became bedridden.
The river had changed course and was not currently navigable.
It dropped and broken before I could get one.
The neighbors dog was making a lot of noise.
We used the candle every night until it was gone.
She lets go of the table and takes a slow step forward, then another.
It has never ruined anything but it won't listen to her.
and they appeared very full and happy.
Willie did only 5 push-ups and passed out.
She liked to wake up early, so she thought being a baker would be a good fit for her.
He called around to some local barbers and decided on long hair with a few snips.
To our disappointment, we lost by a landslide.
The students did not understand what to write about.
He got tired and sat down to rest.
He decided to get a fire going in the fireplace.
The cat spotted a mouse on the ground and came down on his own.
He told everyone his son was not too young to understand the game..
He told me about a site called Amazon Mechanical Turk.
Unfortunately she was allergic to it now.
He always feel hot during the winter.
He hated seeing them talk to each other.
She called a taxi for a ride there.
He painted a beautiful picture of her.
One day, she bought us a puppy.
When John got there, all the seats were taken and he left.
Her sister talked him into ordering doll furniture instead for a cute surprise.
He slipped and fell as he ran for the ball.
I decided to lend her $50 to buy groceries for herself.
Suddenly, the sun had came out from behind the clouds.
Everyone else in his family didn't mind them.
All guest arrived on the wrong day.
She knew she would never read so she donated them.
So Ally made a bad decision to steal a dress and got caught.
He got nervous and went back into the house before he left the driveway.
She was having her kids help her with the ornaments when she found a broken one.
My wife eventually talked me out of it, though.
My dogs were always calm around cats.
She was rather apathetic about it.
She stayed up so she wouldn't fall asleep.
His also recycled.
Trevor totaled his car while driving drunk.
he is go to the shopping mall.
He had made it himself earlier that day.
I put out an ad offering it for free to anyone interested/.
My dad didn't want to go with me so my friend did instead.
While she was riding, her bike got a flat tire.
He met up with some ladies who offered to rub sunscreen all over him.
He disliked car shows and said they were a waste of time.
But guitar lessons were expensive.
But he soon noticed the weather cool.
But they never fight.
When she contacts the tuna company they compensated her fairly.
He was orphaned at a young age and heir to a fortune.
Her friend worked hard making her a fancy meal, and was careful not to include any cheese.
Liz decided to drink cocktails with more ice in it.
When she went to the store she managed to get the last copy.
Sue's nose stopped bleeding before Jane could tell her what to do.
Someone in the neighborhood had one for sale.
Today she is teaching me how to make cookies.
He tried to find a good location online, but everything was too expensive.
She decided to order a pepperoni pizza.
However he decided to get a job as a night watchman to overcome his fear.
We had seats high in the bleachers.
His doctors said he would heal very quick.
Ducking into a store, he decided to give up.
He was rich and got a big diamond ring.
It was surprisingly free of junk.
But he wasn't curious enough to find out what it meant.
It was a new puppy.
Rita is white and exclusively dates African Americans.
She decided to clean her house and invite her family over to see.
He did not have enough money to take riding lessons.
The kids decided to watch all of their favorite movies.
Her phone fell out into the toilet sink.
Amy was nervous about seeing her crush Ray.
But his true talent was tap dancing.
She decided to go to a retreat to learn more about raising a baby.
She died just before retirement.
She threw it away, and ordered a new one.
He just got a new ping pong table but didn't want to play with his brother.
She started to get lonely.
She had been diagnosed with skin cancer before, but she didn't care.
Traffic was smooth with no stops for miles.
But shortly after got expelled.
While incarcerated, he got beaten up by another inmate.
He thought it was magnificent.
he is a very hard worker.
He was struggling to pay his rent on time but finally found a job and was starting tomorrow.
He was about to be late for practice.
He decided that he just had a low IQ and new knowledge wasn't worth his time.
She walks down to her neighbors house.
She had to get her checkup, and she had cancer.
He took her to a museum to look around.
She she was scheduled with Dr. Pratt, but switched to Dr. Johnson.
Lisa got in her car, backed up, and pulled out of the driveway.
He studied all night up till 1:00 a.m. that night to prepare.
With only a few seconds left in the game I fell when the ball was thrown at me.
Ally's dog picked up a piece and ate it.
She was very selfish and dimwitted.
She had a pleasant conversation with an elderly lady next to her.
He made peppermints for xmas.
I stayed home and played video games all day.
College was across the sea, to study abroad.
They didn't know how to figure it out at first.
He got a high and tight at the barber shop.
My dog was playing in the yard.
Because of her religion, she refused to go to Christmas parties.
Lynn just told a dirty joke.
But he got robbed outside his home and lost all the money.
His mom let him stay up.
As I was walking, I saw a lost dog.
I went to the market and purchased all of the ingredients.
Antonela wanted nothing to do with Loki.
She found out that this year's holiday party was cancelled.
She wasn't ready to leave the hospital due to complications.
It was sunny the entire walk.
I saw a handsome dog and its owner.
She likes poems because there were not solid rules about them, but no one liked them.
He was lazy so he paid a maid to do it.
He slept through his alarm and missed the morning game.
She discovered that part of the problem was her weight.
He fell asleep on the job and got fired.
She liked to go all of the time because she won frequently.
The merry go round in at the food court was out of order.
I decided to use only wood and no kindling.
they got on the bus to go to school.
They never scared her and she was excited.
She couldn't get it out of the tank.
She decided to order Chinese takeout for the two of them.
She let her anxiety get the best of her and failed the test.
His friend refused to play with him because Andy always won.
She was ready to tackle the day and felt refreshed.
She quit though.
She was too scared to go to the strange house on the corner.
He drove up to the Walmart for a quick trip.
Ed drank a bottle of coke.
My neighbors were moving to another country, so they gave me their dog.
The last time he did it, the home team had lost the championship.
He knew he had to wait until after he paid rent that month.
Unfortunately he didn't have groceries to make dinner that night.
Unfortunately, she had no place to put it.
The local school did not have enough room to host the bazaar.
She wished her friend was on the phone.
They visited Alaska.
He was very glad he was an only child.
We bought beer and watched basketball.
But after travelling a lot, I just go used to it.
I decided to make something instead of buying it so that it was more sentimental.
Oliver was married to another officer.
She really didn't enjoy baking.
They lived on a hill and flooding was common.
He took manuscripts in to lots of different publishers.
He was only able to fill a day with some work.
He decided to look under the hood and figure out what was wrong.
He decided to grab a banana.
His dad said they could not afford to get him licensed and insured.
He spent his whole life in Nevada.
He didn't have time to study.
He downloaded an antivirus right away to protect his computer.
When Sarah took the pot to her car, she dropped it, and it shattered.
She felt herself begin to fall on the hard ground.
All of a sudden, his military escort was shot.
They started to change when I showed them brain injury statistics for players.
On the plane she knew she was hungry.
She decided to start doing more of her hobbies and her spirits lifted.
He left India, and spent the rest of the trip in China.
She was too broke for anything suitable.
Ella stopped playing ball forever that night.
He adjusted his covers and went back to sleep.
AJ thought they were the best kind of sandwiches.
Larry finally went to the doctor.
He found a large soccer ball and took his shoes off to kick it around.
She had been drinking heavily all morning.
The teacher disagreed and said a sunset is yellow.
He didn't know how to dribble very well and knocked over all the cones.
We got in a fight because the joke wasn't funny.
She checked online for panda charities.
When they arrived at the store, it was closed and the lights were off.
So he decided to ask his great grandfather who works at the record store.
It was game 5 of the World Series and I very badly wanted the Red Sox to win.
She called movers to do the job for her.
She put them in the refrigerator right away.
He loves to watch TV.
My chair broke and I fell to the floor.
Her mom got her only a phone that day.
Louisa was dismayed that the tall kids won all the prizes.
Bob had just enough money to purchase his ticket.
On his trip to India he found delicious food.
He had deposited it in the bank.
She stayed home instead of going zip-lining with her friends.
I wear Dr. Shoals insoles to help keep my feet comfortable.
He was so relieved and saw it as a new beginning of life.
He mustered the courage to ask her but she told him that she is already committed.
He decided not to enter the contest.
They were picky eaters and picked the buffet so they didn't need a waiter.
His doctor saw him immediately.
The class played basketball today.
Max blew his nose in a tissue.
He was super confident and was sure of himself in every way.
My boyfriend was not well enough to go with me.
Bob decided to tackle the leak himself.
It was their last day in the mountains.
My friend convinced me not to buy it because it was a piece of junk.
He said that he is annoyed with her face.
He signed up for a marathon the very same morning it was happening.
Ed was fast asleep in his van.
Alister had to turn down Susie because he didn't like her.
They dove for rare minerals off of a nearby beach.
she was from the same litter.
Cal never improved his grades and dropped out.
The Miller Family truck pulled up with takeout for everyone.
Ray left early.
I decided to sell all of the gift cards I received.
He had just got paid and was ready to enjoy the evening.
It was a sunny day without a cloud in sight.
This summer they flew to Europe.
Ruth confided in her friend that Henry had always been a hopeless romantic.
They had fun seeing many sights, and made it home easily.
The doctor said no tests were required.
She could not get out of bed.
I stored some books in my house's basement.
Sometimes her brother talks a lot whenever he comes enters her room.
John arrived at school and noticed many large trucks in the parking lot.
She had not seen them all summer.
The coach said i was too short.
My wife took it to the shelter the next day.
They told him not to go pee before the three hour drive.
The new movie is about to show in 2 months.
There was no prize for the winner, just bragging rights.
One day, it ran upstairs.
Bob never made anything before quitting.
Shirley never did try online dating.
He took the money and got away clean.
She decided she wasn't interested after all.
Jane was almost late everyday due to her disdain for her job.
She lived in an apartment but wanted to save for a house.
It was so rusted that it fell apart in my hands.
Today I got a grandfather clock from a someone in my agency.
I had a lot of money so I didn't care that they were expensive.
She went for a long horse ride on the first day.
She dropped it off at the local humane society.
Erin and her friends decide to go to the beach instead of the amusement park.
She felt tired so she went inside to rest.
Late at night, a plane arrived from Mexico with everyone doing just fine..
George often felt lonely, but he hated animals.
He grabbed a bag of potato chips and headed out.
Someone asked her if she was okay and directed her to the nearest officer.
He also couldn't help eating them.
Unfortunately, she was wheel-chair bound.
He saw a guy selling ice cream.
There was no food in her house.
Suddenly, she saw some car keys on the ground.
She ignored it and went back to sleep.
She paints them almost every day.
Cole bought a 5 dollar sandwich and ate it happily.
I wanted to live with my mom's boyfriend instead.
He ordered some Legos and video games online.
Someone had stolen his trashcans.
A rabbit ate all of them this year.
He likes to turn on the air conditioner to stay cool, but he obliged.
He fell asleep as soon as he got home.
The boy was doing well.
She decided to go to the grocery store before going home.
He decided he was tired of hearing the banging and moved out.
The dog got sick and couldn't walk anymore.
her mother told her she cannot wear Red lipstick.
I do not think this makes me an artist.
Lana's father had to work.
She preferred to use the music studio equipment instead of computers.
Last year, we went on a cruise.
She decides to buy a book that shows good exercises for the gym.
He was sentenced to prison.
It was uncharacteristically cold, even for Austin.
Her husband told her she should get rid of her wrinkles and lines.
He decided to see if his homemade batteries would work for the project.
He received a letter telling him one of his family had passed away.
Danny did this every weekend and was an expert at it.
She told him to get a maid and they broke up.
But it was boring so I just read two chapters.
It started getting dark, so they decided to hike out.
She was on a business trip and didn't have any fun.
He had had no clients for a while.
He asked for help, and his teacher said no.
He then closed his backpack and picked up his books.
His son was afraid of the gorillas so they didn't stop to see them.
Lucy was shocked to see that she didn't know the answers.
One company JD worked for always used JD's writings.
But his car was broken.
But after eating bacon, Amy decided to really give up meat permanently.
I skated perfectly my first time and never fell.
She escaped one day and ran into the woods.
She brought boxes of her cookies to her father's business,  but failed to sell any.
The cat loved the husband more than Fanny.
She had guzzled a huge soda and couldn't wait to get off the bus to use the bathroom.
Her friend invited her to try horseback riding.
She invited Tami and the cool kids to her house for a sleepover.
I decided to make some frog legs instead.
The story was too intriguing to miss a visit.
A stranger quickly walked by him.
I told him to back off because I had a boyfriend.
Maria saw the mailman, but he didn't stop at her house.
One day, he went to the lake and set his gear up, but didn't catch one.
She decided at the last minute to ask her mom to host it at her house.
They decided to wear the exact same outfit.
The ride got cancelled because of heavy rain.
He smiled as she lay sleeping in the bed.
It was called "I Hate Everyone Here.".
Sam hurt his leg and couldn't play anymore.
He chose to transfer to a more open school.
But couldn't find work that had that schedule.
mother is very excited his meet the husband.
She decided against it and skipped going.
They went to the front desk and asked for applications.
Sam decided it was easier just to buy a tomato.
I spilled it when a car stopped.
He felt guilty and returned it to the owner.
He hated it so much.
He saw a cat stuck in a tree and climbed up to rescue him.
It escaped and ran out of the room.
She made fun of Frannie for just having cheese.
Everyone thought his dance was dumb.
He would be playing against his father.
She took some tea and felt better.
Luckily we all were out of town.
She went to the store and bought a huge chocolate cake.
I don't like her work and would never make an effort to see it.
Beth didn't answer the phone.
He was sentenced to the death penalty and put to death.
The teacher turned around and yelled at her.
Mike chose a turtle at the pet store instead.
June decided not to participate in buying holiday gifts for people in the retirement home with the rest of her class.
Slowly the sun rose.
Unfortunately, he was sick for the ceremony.
She got into a fatal car accident.
She used men at her will and they would follow.
She decides to clean the dishes later.
He was extremely confident about the test.
He wanted to make cookies but he didn't have an oven.
But he wasn't worried because he could always ask his mom for some cash.
He didn't know what to do for it though, so he gave up.
I never started playing that game.
She told him to not only get cheese, but to get other groceries.
After a while, Harry and members of his family lost the rat.
He got the ingredients from the pantry and fridge.
Jill had studied hard and was well-prepared for the exam.
The trail was very rocky and difficult.
She never socialized at school because she had no friends.
They wished it weren't summer.
Yet, he abhorred flashy displays of his wealth.
He only went to the tax office for the day.
He brewed a cup of hot water.
I decided to commit suicide.
Her grandma could not find any ice cream to buy.
Rick watched a dirty dog jump into the pool making all kids leave.
I went to a Mexican restaurant last night for dinner.
Both he and his sisters thought that was cool.
She never takes me though, she takes her sister to see them.
He took her out for breakfast instead.
The one that was supposed to hit last week ended up passing by them.
She decided not to talk with her friends from home while she was there.
One day he decided to go to a new restaurant.
He would often eat while driving.
We left halfway through the trailers.
I was at a 4th of July party when I had my first drink.
The pastor confirmed they were now married.
She stepped out of the gate and into a big puddle.
But this year they were out of town.
His mom's meat was undercooked but she did nothing.
He scanned the horizon back and forth once and saw no potential dangers.
She waited by the phone all day.
I knew I wanted chinese food.
my friends always had time for me.
He baked a cake but it came out poorly so he gave up.
The only thing Sherry didn't have time to try was snorkeling.
She is scared to poop on the floor.
I decided to buy them for myself on Steam.
He banged on the door and went inside.
The driver found it and gave it back.
So they decided to sell lemonade house for fun and profit.
He hit a homerun playing baseball.
One morning he hears something.
Officer Smith leaned back in his chair.
It was a giant turtle.
He wanted to see horses.
I've never broken one.
He took the gecko in the living room and Ben watched the game while holding the gecko.
She looked outside.
He had to leave the salon, because the salon caught fire.
Sam decided to move to avoid it.
She decided to bake cinnamon cookies.
He flung feces around the kids to enrage them.
They decided to break it off and see other people instead.
She was too lazy to work out though.
I decided to log out when there was nothing to do.
She studied hard for her spelling test.
While waiting for the program to begin, she got tired and went home.
I told him no, and he went away.
She stuck out like a sore thumb in her green overalls and bright yellow shoes.
She asked Nell to draw an alphabet made up of music notes.
His friends deeply admired him for this.
He was very thirsty but not very hungry.
But she didn'y have time or money to plan such a big trip.
Her bedroom was sweltering in the hot sun.
It was freezing so she was wrapped up well.
He lived on a farm with many cows.
He decided he would keep it.
This year they went to Chicago.
The office was closed.
He went to Los Angeles to practice his magic in the street.
He hadn't brought climbing gear, and had to turn around eventually.
One of them fell and broker her heel.
The stove he saw did not fit in his apartment.
I had plenty of gas.
My luggage was the first to come out so I got to leave quickly.
She couldn't wait to get to school on the first day and meet her new teachers.
She never did her reading homework.
He forgot to sign up to tryout for the team, so he couldn't attend tryouts.
She spent hours making it a bed out of paper mache.
The officer had to corroborate the order.
He noticed some holes and mounds all around his yard.
He was so confident that he didn't go over his notes at all before the presentation.
Everyone in town had fun at the bonfire.
She remembered she forgot something and had to go back.
His parents would never get mad that he wouldn't put them away.
They found something on Netflix that looked cool.
She whimpered, then wailed at the top of her lungs.
He knew what he needed and didn't have a shopping list to check what to get.
She got off at her stop and felt like she was being followed.
He broke his pencil and had to get a new one.
It was kept away from the students only to be viewed.
They had just recently become pregnant.
I was going to make a salad.
She sucked it up and finished her shift.
A cat lived in the yard.
I sold it online and made a hefty profit.
She doesn't change her clothes.
It was her son who was very drunk.
June hated kittens and would never take one home.
He swam around but saw no organisms in the water.
She never had the chance to meet men because she never went out.
Anna never saw the birds again.
The teller didn't recognize Dave.
It worked perfectly and I never had any issues with it.
In order to make ends meet I at ramen a lot.
He gathered his laundry and went to the laundromat.
She gave it all the loving attention it wanted.
Fortunately, Amy was fine.
It was nasty so she spit it out.
He just forgot to buy one of ingredients needed.
Jay hoped for clothes from one store.
Tina found the perfect dress and then they went home.
Donald knew the only way to survive was to take chemo treatments.
Tom still ate his lunch, which was a pizza.
She decided to install Astroturf as a quick solution.
He captured all the interesting things.
She rarely was up at 5:00 like she needed to be.
He emptied it out completely to look for change.
He meets an ugly girl.
Ashley ashed the cigarette and went to sleep.
They decide to keep him because their landlord said it was OK.
I followed the instructions in the cookbook and the pot pies were delicious.
But her dog hates me.
He laughed as he pulled over, knowing he had done nothing wrong.
Mel said he would never stop eating this cereal because it was his favorite.
The test was on a computer.
He tried to stay clean for his girlfriend, and succeeded.
I can't afford to make them.
The Field Museum is on a baseball field.
His friend Carter decided to defend Chester.
While she was gone, her brother saved her seat for her.
His friends arrived there as well.
Her aunt told her that her niece would be in charge of dish washing.
He decided to use public transportation.
He had plenty of money and really didn't care.
Due to his quirkiness he had lots of friends.
Than she decided to hate god because of a cult.
She spilled the milkshake right away.
I brushed her fur and it became long and straight.
He ordered pizza and fajitas to take to the park.
She did not want to go because it was late.
She was ready to name her child.
During the journey the taxi drivers meter had stopped working.
She hadn't realized how long she had been in there, so she rushed home.
Yves made some chocolate from some cacao beans and it was delicious.
He was mortified about how he looked in the toga and quickly changed.
Life was unbearable, so she opted for assisted suicide.
Suddenly her truck broke down.
They had four more hours on the road trip and she didn't want to have a pit stop.
He noticed there were a few rats running around.
He got the job to save for college.
She had exerted herself carrying gallons of milk in a basket.
They never came in the mail.
He noticed that his textbook was missing.
She grabbed her credit card and called the pizza place to order.
Were looking at an exhibit when we heard a honk.
All of the recipes got wet and ruined.
They wanted to relax and lay out in the sun.
His owner thought of Thor as his alarm clock.
The traffic was moving very slowly.
The crews worked until they got all the nets apart.
Reggies' bicycle was stolen the first day he got it.
She went to the store and got some.
Ahead were a bunch of animals he was unfamiliar with.
She was alone and had to call an ambulance.
She wrote it with a pencil and her boss accepted it.
Tim and Mary went to the beach.
The doctor said he was fine and would get better on his own.
Sam didn't find any pens there.
He loved his RC plane.
He went with his girlfriend.
He decided to experiment with another woman.
Yesterday he had made the circuit in the best time yet!.
She panicked and had to be taken back home.
We were confident about the test.
They saw a squirrel through the bushes.
She baked pies all the time.
But her grandma would not share.
He was taller than all his other friends.
They never got angry at each other.
She was cold and ran back inside.
She went to the shelter, but discovered it had closed down.
He didn't have time to visit the city of Bali.
He decided to kill his grandmother.
We didn't want to go rock climbing.
But he was in the sports industry and didn't really care about weaving wool.
She decided not to buy eggs this week as she had enough at home.
The next day, Paige won the lottery.
She had plenty of apples for the pie.
He snuck out the back door.
He was amazed at how much his mom was learning.
Her professor wanted to do something special for Karen.
Even though he's upset, he spends the money on advertisements anyway.
He decided against going this morning.
He went to the local deli.
She figured out how to tune on her own from a video.
A tree limb fell on the igloo demolishing it.
She ate every last bite.
The highway was nearly empty save for her and a few other drivers.
As soon as she got on stage, she threw up.
He refused to help friends move.
He blew it all on a laptop and now he's broke.
She was able to fix it using online tutorials.
She never let go of the monkey and took it with her everywhere.
I decided to get a soda by myself.
He threw his suitcase on the bed, and collapsed into a coma on the chair.
Conrad wasn't good enough to sell his stories.
His friends had a huge party for him.
I made smoked salmon and it turned out perfect.
Samantha's mom died two years ago, so it was a tough day.
She felt sick and had to stay on the bus.
First I tried the small shoe store, but the styles were so generic.
The person on the intercom said the restaurant was closing early.
She went to a salon and sat there doing nothing.
He took the trimmed palm fronds and put them in the back of his truck.
Ray moved away after one year.
And never grew to like reptiles.
She ate corn instead.
He read it right then and returned it.
She only cared about her performance on the team.
She was going to get a bird.
Alex never did get a book published.
But it wasn't realistic, so she became a lawyer instead.
He decided to enroll in college.
Kevin didn't really care much about skate boarding.
We braved the chills in our t-shirts.
We decided to sell our remaining dog.
He printed out everything he would use during his presentation.
They couldn't find any dry wood for a fire.
After the store, Matt surprised her with a movie ticket.
The puppy grew up to be a huge dog.
He knew it was because of his recent spending spree.
I dream about running naked through a pep rally at school.
She was great at math but failed her art classes.
Gina ran out to try and do something.
I had won a prize in a contest!.
One day he was no longer there.
One of the collest things was a hike up to a volcano.
She never wears shoes because her feet are so big.
However, he mother tells her to finish her english homework first.
She asked her mom if she could use her dress.
Nobody was happy about it, they despised him for it.
I noticed a bumble bee in the sink.
William wanted ice cream but it was banned in their city.
Jack made the game winning shot with only a few seconds to spare.
Ben failed the interview and did not get the job.
After a great conversation they hung up.
They only needed to win one of their remaining four games, and they won the first one.
Suddenly, she saw the kids huddled in the corner of the classroom.
John couldn't come over because he was sick.
I decided not to buy any drinks since they were so expensive.
I decided to drop the class and take French next year.
They headed down to the beach in front of their condo.
A dog approached me.
Jeffrey pulled out a bottle of vodka.
She told her parents that she'd save up money for her own bike.
He looked up local go-kart tracks.
But for her 7th birthday, she wished for a special horse - a mini pony!.
The three of them hid together.
Two years ago my boyfriend and I attended a concert, but it was seated.
One day his friends told on him and he got in trouble for his secret club.
One of them stared at it.
They had fun in the city and made it to the theater on time.
A hurricane happened and ruined the trip.
But I was too embarrassed to tell the police about it.
None of the flowers grew.
She didn't make a scratch in the wall.
Sally was dreading to be a big sister.
Because she had to work Mary couldn't dress up this year in a costume.
Carol wore her safety goggles too so she was a hypocrite.
Bart regretted that he would be out of the country during Thanksgiving this year.
I noticed a baby snake nearby.
He does not have ID so they refused to serve him.
The teacher was strict and there were many tasks to do every day.
I arrived at the beach and ran out into the ocean.
I had a nice suit at home.
He finished his chores already, so he was allowed to go.
We decided to watch a horror movie, but it was boring.
He immediately completed the answers on the first page and finished quickly.
She decided to speak in Spanish all the time.
Tim wanted John to play.
Their water was shut off so they could not fill their buckets.
He opted to spend his money on a baseball bat, however.
He was very proficient at writing it but lacked how to speak it properly.
She finished wrapping gifts early and took a bath.
They all knew how good she was.
I made sure I went to the bus station instead.
It was Jane's 16th child.
The text said "Happy Birthday".
Bill went home and everything was normal.
We decided to order chicken wings for dinner.
She should have done it sooner, as she was going to retire in one year.
He wanted his mum to buy him a dog.
The pilot had to take an emergency landing because of gas.
She did it just for fun.
He got sick and couldn't perform.
He walked into the class and passed out from nervousness.
She was excited to go to the Synagogue.
The city council forbade anyone from demolishing the shoe factory.
Bob made sure to wash and dry them very carefully.
I couldn't get the cover off the light to clean it.
I bought different vegetables to plant.
I looked around and saw a fire near me.
She hid it in a piece of meat.
Her least favorite was the uneven bars.
Tammy thinks they are all awful.
He prefers older games.
There was an overly drunk man passed out.
I tried to potty train her but it didn't work so I took out the carpet.
He decided to create the perfect spaghetti.
She decided to clean all day Friday to get it over with.
Lynn's mom was understanding and grounded her for 2 days.
He was assigned a hospital as his subject.
He needed a place to live, but couldn't find anything in the neighborhoods he liked.
He was very meticulous and thorough.
The coordinator wanted to know if I wanted to foster some kittens.
He put on his exercising gear and went to the gym.
No one noticed he was crying.
He was sitting next to the pet cat on the floor.
He got an eye injury, but thankfully he could still wear his lenses the next day.
Chris tried to wash the pan first with sulfuric acid.
She decided she felt good about how she looked anyway.
He'll be at work and suddenly turn into a cat.
Her mom forbade her from getting her ears pierced.
She hoped the other teachers would like her.
It was a calm and hot sunny day.
He decided to make a sandwich in his kitchen.
Jim wanted to pet the stray cat.
They were mild honey garlic but no one knew that.
She wanted to share them with her siblings.
He grew out of trains as he grew up.
While researching she found an ad where a family were giving away free kittens so she called them.
In the spring, Marie and David planted carrots along a road.
He was bored by the rocketships.
He bought a costume specifically for the occasion.
I couldn't find the lollipops.
She waited for her Uber.
He learned about a new job at a different company.
Her mom says she can have a party.
He made eye contact and ran away.
His toenails don't even grow anymore.
She showed them her dad's prized collection of bugs.
But she didn't live near one.
It was a Tuesday, so he had to go to school.
Then people sometimes break them in half.
They went into the Super Bowl against the far superior Giants.
She told the class how much she disliked that doll.
He's goes there every summer.
Realizing we were out of potatoes, we made pizza instead.
Right before her trip, her mother died and she had to cancel.
It was disappointed to discover the concert was canceled.
We live in Los Angeles so it was quite warm.
He wanted to lose some weight so that he could find a new girlfriend.
She passed out and was taken to the hospital.
Jill decided to have her kids set up the pools.
She already knew that it was going to be a boy.
He didn't know anyone there, so he mostly kept to himself.
But her mom gave her one.
He tried everything but forgot to turn the monitor on.
He asked a friend to come with him because he had a compass.
She took her pail and shovel and set out along the shore.
Max got angry at Laura and left.
He made one cookie that looked like vomit.
My neighborhood unfortunately shut down the Gondola.
He was cure very quickly, and he was grateful he was feeling well.
After leaving work, I drove straight to my lawyer's office.
She rarely gets a chance to anymore due to finances.
Mom lived longer than any of her kids.
I never talked to her but I gave her the pen.
She put ice cubes in it to cool it down.
Warriors from each side agreed to fight outside of the castle.
We tried to talk to him about giving people his hair.
George picked Mary up to go to the orchard.
She was responsible for bringing wine.
But ditched her to hang out with my friends.
Her mom said the concert was too far away and she couldn't go.
She spent weeks asking her boyfriend for a skateboard.
He stood in line for three hours before the store opened and decided just to buy a bag instead.
She was not sure what she was.
She went to a bullfight and ended up loving it.
They collided and both went down after the crash.
They are very valuable.
But one of his friends told him not to do it.
But there was no water coming through the spigot.
He decided to borrow a pair from his friend.
They couldn't wait until their 18th birthday so that they could gamble at the local casino.
She didn't like her uncle too much though.
She was told to not bring anything.
She had the most tact of all.
But he went to medical school instead.
He didn't even have time to look over his notes.
I saw a baby in a basket.
He took the safer side-roads.
He booked his trip via train instead.
She decided to bully him for the remainder of the school year to make herself feel better.
He was trying to slim down, so he was eating fewer of them.
His dad brought him some pizza.
His still had pancakes and bacon as he had planned.
He got depressed and killed himself.
She was disappointed that there was nothing new.
I was sleep walking and tripped on my brand new phone cord.
He drowned in the muck.
Her dog would politely sniff and play with other dogs on these walks.
We didn't sell a thing.
The festival was boring, so we went to a bar instead.
He looked all over and found it was coming from a dead mouse.
One child hid in a very obvious place under the stairs.
she put the supplies in her backpack in the bag.
Everyday they went to the local restaurant for lunch.
Babs was one of many kinds of tigers in the world.
Nevertheless, he thought it was better to stay near home.
Her mother gave her plenty of money for gifts.
But she wanted to learn a common one.
However, that all changed quickly.
Sam drove his car to Disneyland.
One day he was called into the principal's office and was told that his swearing was awesome.
He wanted to study something different from his parents.
She asked him to go on a date and he said yes.
I stole the recipe from my grandmother and she doesn't know.
But the machine took his money.
Tom had to drop him at a friend for a road trip.
He changes his mind and goes home.
He realized he'd left his wallet behind on the battlefield.
She went to the museum to see them.
He only had one slice, even though he wanted more.
But she always kept it in check at work, and they never knew about her temper.
The candidate denied being able to dance and laughed.
She thought she would have a girl.
He sat at the same old place on the pier.
He was trying to hide from the bear chasing him.
He hated every song he heard.
I was very confident about knowing enough material.
He declined to give a talk at his dad's funeral.
He started writing when he was eighty, and it's amazing.
He told a lie and said that I took his favorite toy soldier.
We didn't have any supplies.
He didn't keep them at home.
He was a fantastic chef who won grilling competitions.
The lecture had to be canceled at the last minute.
She developed an allergy to dogs and couldn't have one.
I had to leave early and didn't see Dan Bern.
His car wouldn't start so he missed Clint's party.
He stopped at a store on the way.
He gave up looking.
Philip even asked his wife for advice.
She wanted to take Ali to a picnic in the park.
We were coming home from the movies when saw a strange figures.
My friend had a cat.
Perry was too skinny compared to other kids his age.
They jumped and fell to their deaths.
She was very attractive and flirted with many guys.
She went to the police station to hand it in.
She started eating more as she was pregnant.
They got some bananas and strawberries and forgot to put them in a blender.
I saw mochi and decided it was to expensie to buy.
Some smoke came out of the machine but it did not work.
Tim was not concerned about his phone privacy.
At the class, she learned how to make key lime pie.
He called a taxi to drive him home.
He was very close to him anyways.
Detectives have found separate suspects for all three crimes and are working to bring them in.
Andrew decided to flirt with her.
He especially hated the lunches they served at school.
She knew she would get better on her own and drank tea in bed.
One of them was very protective and shielded it from harm.
He looked all over the place and finally found it.
I took a detour to get to work on time.
He decided to cook pasta.
She refused to go to the bowling alley.
In the last 100 meters one runner got far ahead of the other.
Hank's grandfather had a rabbit's foot that was lucky.
We went to get a Playstation.
He decided to look at the tigers first.
To grandma's timeshare they went.
She decided to get a tutor.
He found it almost instantly.
I was always too shy to ask her out.
It was raining so she had to stay home.
I got all the laundry finished before my mom got home.
He planned to bring the can to karate class to fill it up.
She went over to the mall instead.
Chase went to the dentist to have it pulled.
But when he turned around, there it was.
She went home and asked her mom for help on her project.
We got in a huge fight there and ended up breaking up.
She decided it was best to wait until another day.
John found out he was allergic to creamer.
However, when I grew up, I got much more into music instead.
It was a cool breezy day with clear skies.
She asked him directly for one.
Tim was happy that Fred was serving pudding.
The warning sirens never went off.
I went to the shelter but they didn't have any cats there.
He drank plenty of coffee and felt fine.
He played religiously until he threw out his knee.
He could not find the flavor he wanted.
My lab partner offered to help me.
But she didn't have any spare money to buy one.
Bonnie liked to feet stray cats in their shared yard.
He'd work anywhere but a fast food place.
Andy however did not like April.
We leased a mansion down by the beach.
I drank lots of beer at parties.
Despite their hard work, they were forced to work overtime during the weekend.
She received a gift certificate from her father.
I didn't have the money to buy one this season.
Due to her age, she was not yet allowed to enter.
Today was her first day, and she loved her coworkers.
Roan loved them, and ate everything that came his way.
He got nervous and cancelled.
He couldn't stand anything about it.
He picked up his phone and dialed the number.
The driver was pulling a water skier.
Kelly got the project done a week early.
They each stood in front of the sprayer to get a glow, and it turned out great.
He tried to teach it to sit.
Gina decided to try the dance before anyone else.
Raven found a better job and made lots of money.
Scott told him to drop the ball and run.
I drank a huge cup of coffee and was wired the rest of the class.
His friends loved to listen.
She had become a vegetarian a year before.
Instead she just tried to get by without any dentures at all.
At the playground.
She called her family and her dad drove to her with an extra key.
She'd done it before and was totally prepared.
In the winter they never use anything for heat.
There, he was bored by the ancient ruins.
They decided to have a race to the car.
Fortunately, no one saw me.
They brought bottles of water with them.
They disagreed on how to spend their money.
But he couldn't because he lived in Florida.
He panicked at the last minute and decided to just watch the other skiers.
They made her cards in bed.
He decided to play guitar and sing for them.
She had a panic attack and couldn't go that day.
She learned to play online and quickly became an expert.
She has nothing to help her get energized because she doesn't like coffee.
Ray's dad loved baseball, so Ray started following the sport too.
He was sick very often and couldn't get out of bed.
Jack searched for what seemed like forever at the mall.
Sylvia was guilty of the crime.
They couldn't find anywhere local that was putting on a hunt though.
He changed his mind and decided he wanted trampolines instead.
He set the plate down and returned to the kitchen to pour some milk.
The doctor decided to give my daughter the birth control shot.
But I broke my arm and had to quit.
She went on the Internet and searched for books.
We ate the whole thing the first day.
It was nearly the end of the day and time to go home.
He put out a trap and caught it and took it back to the woods.
She was extremely excited about the procedure.
Tony rode the bicycle into a car and died.
Today I did not go to school.
Alice waited in a coffee shop for the rain to stop.
He did some research and knew exactly what he wanted before leaving the house.
I ordered some coffee as I boarded.
She looked in the pantry and saw everything she needed.
He had forgotten to tie his left shoe.
She killed herself.
She told them they had a variety of choices.
It was a beautiful, clear day.
The entire month of April was sunny and her garden quickly flourished.
She was able to call him the day after she arrived.
He was craving a grilled cheese.
He came home and went for his evening run.
In English class, he usually did great.
He kept proposing and not taking no for an answer.
I accidentally destroyed it.
Including a pet rabbit Tim had.
He volunteered at an animal hospital.
He was mad at his mother, so he decided not to do anything.
I walked downtown to shop.
Sura always enjoyed practicing her faith.
He paid each online.
She wanted to help her community, so she planted flowers.
Craig made lots of money playing his guitar and passed it on to his children.
I nervously looked at the pictures, expecting to look awkward and embarassing.
He had to walk, but it was raining.
I wanted spicy jalapenos on it.
He happily played everywhere he went.
Because his sister took them.
She couldn't find any non allergenic ones so she didn't.
Terrell never improved in his entire bowling career.
He poured a huge bowl of Lucky Charms and milk.
He looked for a solution in meditation.
Amy's mom said she could not have one.
She set her chicken breasts in her slow cooker and cooked them for 2 hours.
Last Friday they tried square dancing.
He sells crickets for bait.
My favorite team was playing without their best pitcher.
She hated it from the very first minute.
He couldn't find any sedans that he wanted.
She and her friends would go to all the coolest clubs.
They all got ill and died.
He was hungry and decided to eat all the chips.
But it was bad.
he gave an audition and got his first break.
He hired a company to do it for him.
He spends his time working on his tan.
She drove to the store.
They looked around the beach since no person was there.
One of them was sick.
He was getting overweight fast.
They went to a Japanese restaurant and ordered sushi.
With the pond frozen over, the area was desolate.
It didn't work, so he returned it.
Suddenly he proposed to her and she accepted.
His teacher decided that he didn't need a speech pathologist.
Sadly his dog went missing.
I died as the CEO of the non-profit.
She knew every word that she wanted to write.
She fells asleep during class.
I suddenly see this random leaf flying in my direction.
I found out was violently allergic to caffeine.
She didn't have enough to pay her bills and got evicted from her house.
He was too scared to ask her out though.
Jenny was glad that her friend was a great driver.
Someone knocked at the door.
She got a part time job to buy the sweater herself.
She felt bad so she bought Beth new soap.
Jay got a mailbox in the shape of a cow.
Despite this, she showed up to school every day for years.
I noticed a man walking my way with a flashlight.
He decided to rob a bank.
He worked alone at home, so he went to bed.
She meditated every day.
She stepped onto the tar roof, but found it too uncomfortable.
He didn't care about hackers.
They were all destroyed in a terrible fire.
Ella loved tea, and so she really fit in with the tea culture.
He loaned the shovel to his neighbor.
Recently, Dan allowed his best friend to keep a comic book.
It looked like the next few days were going to be nice.
My wife got home with pizza.
But he could not find any friends to share his dream.
His first choice was Princeton.
James was nervous to go as he had a fear of water.
He did not know where to buy the shoes.
Then she had a sex change and became a boy.
Everyone knew that my teacher was an athlete.
When it arrived, he devoured it.
She always copied from her desk partner, Max.
Eventually he found out it was actually coming from his neighbor's apartment.
I was so sure of what I wanted to write about that I got started right away.
I decided to lay in my cozy bed.
Jesse dressed up as a terrifying monster from a movie that just came out so that he could scare his friends.
Jenna slept the entire flight.
her friend pam talked to her about the trip.
Somebody stole them when she was napping.
So i decided to go to Fiesta Ranchera and ordered two tacos.
There, they ran into their friend and his dog.
Bob told Dave he knew it would be their best trip ever.
But he never had time to do that.
She hit a bump, but her car was fine.
Joe wished he had a truck but he only had a scooter.
He wants to name the baby after his favorite singer, Bob Dylan.
I made pancakes as soon as I got up for my family.
And she came across a big lake nearby.
She spun her magic 8 ball to pick where to go.
I decided to just stay inside afterwards.
She was never interested in fishing.
Sue's nervousness caused her to fail the test.
He had to write a report on reptiles.
He decides to stop before his winning streak ends.
Gina was eating a bag of popcorn she bought at the store.
She said she did not have time to stop on her way home from work.
I found out at night that my dog was a quiet sleeper.
Her pastor was very respectful and friendly.
Matt ran out because it was so scary.
He ignored it and went about his work.
The water made her feel so clean.
It was worthless.
He picked out the milk and headed home.
It was unlit and tiny.
While there he met a gorgeous woman.
So Vince put on his sweats and went out to the store and bought new clothes.
She was told a mechanic stole her purse.
He sledded up and down the hills for hours.
She mainly worked alone and it was difficult to make friends.
He kept them in the house to avoid damaging them.
I called my sister Stupid, as in, "Hey, Stupid, get out of my seat.".
They had to cancel the trip because of a family emergency.
He had lost his temper and thrown a chair at his teacher.
She had no furniture to take with her.
The rescue team on the highway told everyone to stay in their cars.
There wasn't a sale going on at Best buy for computers.
The tea tastes great, but I can't afford to buy more.
She went but did not have enough money spend this time.
They told him he could take a week off starting today before starting the new job.
She paid someone else to fix it.
One day he came home to find out that his furniture was gone.
He never left the house.
She accidentally dropped them down a drain on the way home.
He goes on to the NFL.
She tried a shoe store and bought her mother two perfect pairs.
Chad was sad to see it had injured it's legs and couldn't walk.
He was sad that his dad couldn't be there with him.
He doesn't know how they work and always breaks them.
He poured the cereal and milk into a bowl like he always did.
The titans lost to the crapes.
One day Taro broke Hiroshi's model car.
He asked them to all stand up to misogyny when they saw it.
Nancy's car was always reliable, even when she sold it.
Jon knew he should spend time with friends during his free time.
Bob didn't drive his new car.
He disobeyed his mom and misbehaved so his mom took it away.
Her Daddy wanted to take her but he got called in to work.
Bob had a flea collar.
The water was hot.
She got a job as a cashier.
Alice stayed with her family.
The girls stayed in a boring traditional hotel.
However, he isn't confident he can pass the final stage in firearms.
They were closed.
Jane convinced him that she loved his nerdy appearance.
So he left his home and called a company who was able to manage it.
Now I bike once per week.
Since he lived in a hot climate where the summers were brutal, Lane left town each summer.
He live in my backyard all his life.
He was very excited about the outcome of his assignment.
One day he saw a great video.
The kids walked around and went to the shark tank.
His daughter called him from his driveway to tell him she had come to visit.
It started raining so he went back inside.
Pheasant season had just begun.
He suddenly lost interest in jumping.
The co-worker asked Amy to hide a sale item for her.
It was his eighth day of college.
I looked for activities but found nothing was going on.
Amy found out that Ray was just pretending to like her.
I decided to not to answer.
Nelly was an only child, and had trouble making friends.
He attended his grandma's party and had a bite of pizza.
His hair made it worse, but he was too vain to change it.
He was nervous because he had worn the wrong soccer cleats.
But they went to the gym instead this week.
I nearly froze to death walking to school.
His credit score was bad so he could not buy the car.
he meet the santa claus but feeling very sad.
She demanded that the clerk empty all of the cash out of the register.
Many in the class were upset about failing yesterday's exam.
The coaster was broken the day Bill and his friends went.
Suddenly, she heard something.
She got married again in December and is very happy.
He watched it closely until it was ready.
His dream was to free all the zoo animals.
She was happy being large.
He was playing the beanstalk in Jack and the Beanstalk.
He decides he needs to quit smoking, but never does.
She explained to her roommate that her mother had passed away.
She was nervous and anxious because she didn't want to look silly.
He yelled at him.
I couldn't find materials to make a ramp.
Unfortunately they were sold out, but luckily her boyfriend bought two tickets to take her before they sold out..
I needed to summarize my data, which was easy.
Ken poured the fresh milk and enjoyed delicious cereal and milk.
I got there too late, because they were about to close.
Albert never dated this girl before he died.
He never left his driveway but was having fun on his new bike.
He dropped her off and then went home to nap.
One day, Christina introduced me to her girlfriend.
It was very hot and I didn't want to walk in the heat.
She decided to take a trip.
But didn't have space in the yard for them.
She couldn't find it so she was in a panic.
No one believed them.
He boyfriend wanted her to work close to home.
He is a quirky guy!.
Greg decided to go to a movie.
The first time she rode one, she fell off.
We went to watch a show at the theater near our home.
They were his favorite kind of dog.
The roads were blocked because of an ice storm.
They were so bad, they couldn't attract any good players for the team.
Jason was able to answer the question and won a new car.
So he tried out for basketball instead.
Ben knew that if he read the most books he would win, but he didn't like to read, and didn't try to win.
All the kids had to go to school anyway.
Meg was the best at softball and didn't need any practice.
She loved the movie but hated all the other aspects around it.
He had no room for it and was forced to sell it.
But my son didn't like it.
She decided to sell all of them.
She started by sorting the recycling.
She had family coming for a mini vacation, so he fixed it right away.
Bob decided to forgo getting milk.
He was sterilized from a gunshot wound.
Matt left camp after becoming homesick.
They took a wrong turn and realized they were lost, but only for about 20 minutes.
He passed away at an early age.
It was not his, so he sent it back.
It started to rain after she arrived.
The bed deliverymen and the landlord came at the same time.
He couldn't afford to go to the emergency room anymore.
He was a little white chihuahua.
Her boyfriend refused to go.
Jill saw that her son was crying when she picked him up.
He had a crush on his teammate, Brad.
She aced the practice tests at the end of the chapter.
Amy decided to skip lunch and have a big dinner instead.
She got distracted and didn't have time to make the cookies.
They had amazing security systems set up in their home.
I took my truck just in case I found one I liked.
She had played at the park all summer, so decided to make music.
She gave control of the account to her parents so she could not touch it.
She had it back, but something happened to it while it was gone, and it didn't work.
I let my nerves get to me and left the auditorium.
He decided to make some soup.
He decided to take a shower.
Chris was fired after stealing pens.
She was happy to go for a drive in the hot weather of summer.
He watched every game no matter what.
Starbucks was unable to process her free drink so she had to pay real money.
One day all the Bulls escaped.
He made sure to study the material that was going to be on the exam.
So we stayed indoors in the ac.
She liked the way it tasted.
But they did not want to practice, and decided to wing it.
So he parents were nervous whenever he went bike riding.
He canceled the appointment.
I haven't studied at all yet.
He enrolled in community college and stayed at home to save on tuition.
Her husband had woken her up.
She didn't like any of the art so she didn't buy any.
We got along great.
I went shopping with my family.
He loaded all the dishes into the dishwasher.
Mary decided to get tickets to the concert.
When they saw the buffet options, they chose another restaurant.
He broke his arm and had to miss his tryout.
For Christmas his parents gave him a red sweater.
Allison surprisingly never did cause any accidents.
The boat sank before I even used it once.
Her mom recommended she try sushi.
He goes to the dealership and doesn't find anything.
A girl walked past and shouted something nice.
He went home sick.
She was excited to get her ears pierced by herself.
She was excited when she saw a boy enjoying the rain.
He'd never been in a wheelchair at all.
His best friend would beg him every year to play for the team.
She was angry when they told her there were truffles on the menu.
Omar never met another Mexican at the school.
His grandparents had passed away just over a month ago.
She met her group of friends at the front door.
My doctor told me my diet was fine and the problem was elsewhere.
She was a bit anxious.
He sat on the bench the whole game.
Unfortunately, the play was cancelled.
The noise stopped after a moment.
No one came in at all.
He decides to look for a new TV for it.
But she wasn't a good knitter and decided to buy him a videogame instead.
I used to slide down the metal slide over and over all day.
A spider bite me while I was mowing the grass, now I have to go the the hospital.
For this reason, Jim decided that they would drive.
The temperature was very cool.
He learned all about Sicily's food history.
But she didn't like Chipotle.
She didn't care that she was alone.
Her mother scrambled to find more after the fire had claimed the last set.
Her anti-virus filter warned her that an app was dangerous so she didn't download it.
He knew the test was easy.
She went to the store to buy some food.
The next player up was not a good hitter.
We wrote the ideas and were preparing a set, but it turned out poorly.
The street was on level ground.
John was excited about going to orientation.
Her school made girls wear dresses, but she'd rather wear a tux.
he did not like a vintage bicycle.
Somehow, he managed to balance it without spilling a drop.
I could never get a date.
He announced today that everyone was registered for the class.
She was puzzled when the sheets wouldn't fit in the dryer.
He was disappointed that he saw no wildlife.
I hated recording my voice for HITs.
He made potato stew.
There was limited service, but there was no train from her job.
He went to the auto shop and had an oil change there.
Amy heard her favorite song and sang along with the whole thing.q.
A month after my 15th birthday, they told me they had a miscarriage.
The teacher said Ben was fourth place.
One day, Ed's father bought a new laptop.
I emptied my pockets before going to the pool.
He was very allergic to dogs and his friend was covered in dog hair.
He had been there before and did not like the city.
He came in front of the bathroom door fastly.
She couldn't hike this week because of work.
He decided it was best to just end the relationship with her.
She vowed to never get near one.
He rolled on the plush bed of grass.
They didn't care about his behavior at all.
A pretty girl said hi to him.
Ally completely forgot about Tyler's birthday.
His baby cried.
She brought it to work to show everyone.
It was rated R, so his mom went with him.
He put them in the microwave.
She went to the local burger shop and got full on a large combo meal with a drink.
I decided to grow them.
I got a gaming console.
I heard barking coming from a nearby alley, so I ran over.
She was given her last article.
She bought one online.
Fred has been afraid of his marriage.
Beth thought it would be a good idea to go to the park.
It was still another year before it's release date.
It takes even longer.
She decided to bake a chocolate cake.
He decided that he would wait until New Years to quit.
I walked home and got there in 15 minutes.
He would always take cheap shots at opponents, but they never retaliated.
He had ordered ahead of time online, so he got his food right away.
The accident he saw was one of the worse.
They went out to dinner and a movie.
We decided to open a competing type of pizza.
She didn't own a tree skirt for it, though.
I opened the door but nothing happened.
Allie found out she was allergic to something in the chocolate and had to go home.
His parents always got him going.
Today during roll call she counted 10 children, so everything was normal.
I quickly brush my hair to get it over with.
He went to the recruiter and they told him he was too small.
She bought a $10 lottery ticket and won a billion dollars.
But he got injured and couldn't play anymore.
Her friend is in line for a promotion.
She was in her first trimester.
Her grandfather didn't know how to play either.
Her grandmother tells her the style was in when she was young.
Her mom told her she couldn't have one.
He called for his mom.
Kayla drove in the woods without incident.
It was killed and eaten by a cougar.
The weather was unseasonably warm.
They wouldn't be there for two to three weeks.
She is very excited and gets there safely.
I accepted my body and how I look.
He always knew where he was at.
He ran out into the street.
He realized quickly that he had people in his life who loved him.
Unfortunately, it was far too expensive.
I was very punctual and made sure to finish it on time.
I purposeful time when I leave to ignore him.
There was actually a huge hole in the window!.
Each week she went to the store and bought enough for 5-7 minutes.
I have no fear of heights.
I didn't have all the ingredients.
It nearly broke the glass.
He decided to do Jumping Jacks twice a day.
Matt invited his parents to join him.
She took pictures of everyone on the team.
We decided to watch a live stream of the meteors online.
He applied and got a good job.
His cat laid next to the sink asleep.
Usman couldn't afford a motorbike so he got a ten speed instead.
As she took the test the answers came to her.
She was carefully not to eat too many.
Neff hated receiving jury duty summons and decided not to go.
He always went alone to pick fights.
The forest was completely dark that night.
Daphne needed to go to the bathroom emergency.
She was in her first year of schooling.
He decided to try comedy hour at night clubs to overcome his stage fright.
He loved doing experiments in the basement, but it was stolen one day.
She enjoyed hand washing her clothing.
I told her I wanted Doritos and not Cheetos.
She is a sushi chef.
But i can't still find Sarah.
Every morning, he had his customers do 200 burpees.
She made lots of friends and was top of her classes.
She vowed to never donate blood ever.
They hired someone to work on the garden.
One guy kept awake on his tube.
Steven never did get his Pac-Man Arcade Cabinet.
She apologized to the stranger that she had bumped into.
The condo burned down one day.
So were her Aunts children whom she hoped to like.
Amanda heard of a big concert the night before, and opted to go.
He said he would give a trophy to anyone who could lift more than him.
Henry wanted to see what would happen in the movie.
Joel was sad because he knew his wife wouldn't help with his diet.
He left his project unfinished.
An attractive woman caught his eye and immediately turned away from him.
Robert yelled when his parents gave him one.
His teacher tackled him immediately when he saw the gun.
His mother told him is was to cold to be outside, so he watched the snow fall through the window.
He threw out all his clothes.
Ziggy's owner was able to get Ziggy to stop by making him wear socks.
I asked the store manager and he told me that they have run out of of bodywash.
He stumbled into a nurse that helped keep sick people company.
He checked his pockets again and found a quarter.
When Lucy came to the car, he could see she had a big smile on her face.
She was benched by her couch and had to sit on the sidelines.
Tom was an amazing singer.
He wished he had a banana with him.
She messed it up so she went out and bought a cake from the store.
He had a cup of skittles in his hand.
She was upset when her mom had to go into work.
She had lots of experience and references.
She begged her parents for almost a year before changing her mind.
He loved the performance.
He goes ice fishing and has no luck so goes home empty handed.
Kim forgot to bring the gift to the party.
He got sick with cancer and had to spend all his money on that.
Libby clocked out and went home to rest.
Dana went to the bathroom to take a pregnancy test.
I decided to drink skim milk instead of regular-fat milk.
He would never work for another trivia show.
She had to wait as there was not another drawing for a week.
They were climbing a tree.
She drives into town to see the nail colorist and asked for blue nails.
He got better by exercising regularly.
He walked to the pet aisle.
They decided to go on a nature hike.
He found a new job by the next day.
He ran away because he hated it.
He painted the whole room pink.
Harley found the cat's owner shortly after.
He prepped some of the food in the diner.
The windy day cause shopping carts to roll around out of control.
My friend dropped the ball.
I lost her phone number when I changed phones.
She had plenty of money.
She hurried home, hoping her other teachers hadn't been told.
On the side of the road I saw some wildflowers.
He imagined his life at 35.
Her family loved posing for photos.
But his job required him to be clean shaven.
She took the train and made it just in time.
May thought the girl seemed happy.
She had seen a movie and then went home to eat dinner.
She liked most flavors, especially anything sour.
He knows he should start cooking suppers at home.
They closed the only theater in town.
She was very doting to him and did everything she could to make him happy.
We decided to adopt a cat but it wasn't very friendly.
She had been running in the 100 degree heat for hours.
The article was a hit and he won an award for his journalism.
She asked him to take pictures of the sunset.
He was trying to break his school's record of a 400 pound deadlift.
He decided to try to write a novel instead.
They went and started coloring together.
Kelsi burned herself but she didn't have any aloe.
Josh quickly fell head over heals for Karen.
Diana picked two people and they refused to join her team.
She wrote it off as lost, and went to buy a new one at the store.
The school crossing guard came to their table and sat down.
She felt great the next day.
Martin and his friends could not find a place to camp.
He decided to retire and became reclusive.
She could barely muster the energy to walk outside so she decided to get help.
Except in bad weather he wouldn't drive.
He thought bananas were the best.
She decided to sleep in her car.
One day his parents decided to join him.
He knew they'd be on his side.
One day our father told us that we should try coffee instead.
Before leaving the house I had to make sure the bus was on time.
He loved watching people dance and joined in on his own.
They would craft with them.
As she was driving, she came to a gentle stop.
After a long day Rick stayed awake in the sand.
She was confident and knew she did well.
He didn't have a lot to spend so he sat and watched people play.
So she ordered the fish.
Their president had just fell down.
One day after school, his father told him that he got a better job.
Ben never went inside that house.
I arrived right on time and had a great check-up.
Everyone could not wait to go.
She went to the park.
He never did figure out how to improve.
He woke up and felt great.
So she stayed at home and read a book.
In 4th grade she surprised me with loafers.
He lost the crossbow he bought to help with his hunting.
Jane felt self conscious and stayed home everyday.
Luckily she only lost $100.
I got bored and changed the channel to C-SPAN to watch a political debate.
She couldn't change the dressing herself.
I decided to try it out, but didn't end up meeting anyone to date.
She was going on a hiking trip.
She was good at climbing, but she just was scared of coming down due to the ferocity of the wind moving the tree around.
His family decided to buy him a board game instead.
Ramona decided to take him to the park.
We were at a picnic on the beach.
I stopped mowing the grass, because I had truly mowed everything.
I was learning how to work the pummel horse.
It had been two days since we broke up.
She had been arguing with her mom and didn't invite her.
It was a single woman and her son.
John never saw a fish and the weather was foggy the whole time.
He liked detention because a couple of his friends were also there.
The alarm on her phone was set for midnight instead of the morning.
They went to the park together.
He often took her to the park.
She found a lot of cases that fit right away.
Dan and his brother decided to walk to the indoor gym.
But she decided to go to work anyway.
He hid in their closet and jumped out.
She went home after finding nothing on the beach.
He got an automatic email being denied to his top two picks.
And he wanted to go buy some gas.
They were going to the movies.
Dan was scared to use weed killer because of the harmful chemicals, so he let it be.
A loud crash occurred right outside her door.
He had forgotten to buy razors at the store.
We made it to the beach and it was gorgeous.
She tried to convince her friends to rescue dogs too.
He had woken up too early and made himself come coffee before work.
She received a call from a church asking for donations the next day.
It started to rain so he went inside.
He was not very good so the computer would always win.
No one else wanted be class president.
She was handy with tools so she opened up the hood and fixed it herself.
Her friends love fur, too.
I have not begun taking them yet.
Her daughter told Santa she wanted a truck so Cindy bought one right away.
So he had his vision made perfect with surgery.
Brian never got the chance to go to college, but he networked well.
We got sick and spent the whole vacation inside our hotel room.
She looked on the take-out menu to see if they had the salad she wanted.
She called an Uber to take her.
She had decided she no longer needed a duvet.
But caretaker came periodically to keep it in good shape.
He would yell and scream wherever he went.
The pair walked through the woods looking for an animal, but saw no deer all day.
She's trying to pay for her car.
Most of the citizens stayed in their homes.
They wanted to go to a ski resort.
I opened it up but the charging cable was missing.
So she sat down and did it all.
It died because he forgot to feed it.
They were going to replace the park's sidewalk a mile away.
None of the boys would talk to her because her boyfriend scared them off.
Jim and Erin had great movers who they tipped generously.
She had many friends.
He was sad that he wasn't able to save enough for a trip.
But she got sick right before the ceremony and wasn't able to attend.
She backed out into another car.
She wants to transfer to a new gym after moving.
He wanted to never see her again.
But she was too shy to publish it.
One evening while performing a hysterectomy alone, he noticed something.
He only did voice HITs.
His wife gave birth to a girl in September.
As he drank it, another man casually walked by.
She opened her closet and saw a gigantic mess, so she chose to give up.
He had to sell a lot of fundraiser to get the party.
After tasting it she decided it needed to be milder.
Unfortunately, I was stuck there.
He wants to change so he follows a strict diet and never strays from it.
The neighbors were away on vacation.
Kelly was excited.
I was just a little girl and loved taking pictures.
But it fell though right after he got it.
He had worked real hard on a rocket platform.
The girl loved to dress up dolls.
He hopped in his friends car and joined him on a road trip.
The ranch's only livestock is cattle.
Sam was the only girl from that place without stinky toes.
He did not like to cook on it so he gave the grill away.
The shoes were too big.
She stood because there were no suitable seats available to her.
He hated his team for making him water boy.
He wasn't interested in coding so he studied culinary.
During her visit the weather was sunny and warm.
she was sorry for me for i was hungry.
Her latest case provided no DNA evidence.
Joe and his wife agreed he could play 9 holes.
He saw a cat standing in the distance.
Jack is too scared to ask her out.
When she attempted to they said she was too fat.
I have a gym with weights in my building.
A tiny kitten stepped on the sidewalk and looked at him.
He did his best to hide it when he got a job at a fast food restaurant.
I tossed it in the trash since it was useless.
But for some reason he wasn't allowed to practice medicine.
She opened the bottle, but it was all dried up.
Melissa told him to put the dirty thing down and he did.
He was friendly to all his nurses in the hospital.
He likes picking them and selling the harvest at the store.
She decided to take a nap for the remainder for the day.
They played until John won.
I went to the store to get extra popcorn bags.
He saw a recipe online, but it foamed over and spoiled.
Anxiety and fear raced through her mind now she was at the top.
He had been relaxing all semester.
He thought he could tell when someone was lying.
I am too old to play football now.
While training, he was always aware of his posture.
She caught up to her parents after looking at the jellyfish.
Sam was getting tired of playing the sport.
Jason put all his money in and tripled his investment.
He forgot where he lived.
Flowers make me sneeze so I avoid them.
She was disappointed she could not see Notre Dame Cathedral.
He decided new ones were too expensive and to keep his old one.
Megan got her GED and was able to read  easily.
He decides to stay home for another night.
They wanted to go to the park and walk there for a while.
He is incredibly kind to everyone.
I called my physician, but he said it was stress related.
He got to the dry cleaners to realize that he left the suit at home.
Sue wanted a bed-in-a-bag and her mom said yes.
They saw a bee fly past them.
We had a miserable time in the crowds.
All of his friends were vegetarians.
He went to the pharmacy but it was closed.
His rabbit kept trying to escape from the cage.
They spent most of their time drinking beer and telling jokes.
One evening I asked if there was anything I could to to be a better employee.
Today, I decided to take the stairs instead.
The pet shop was open for business.
One night in college I took my violin home, then went to a local bar.
She decides that a water pik is much better for her teeth and gums.
My siblings were starving and there was food in the fridge.
He wanted to do something that would help him stay in shape.
She died the next day.
She tried it but the pizza was undercooked.
She kept asking her husband, but they had several phones already.
She disliked humans more than anything.
Yesterday, he fell out of a tree and broke his arm.
He enjoyed his time at the pool.
The family gathered around the space heater.
He taught online classes.
She decided that she had to many and needed to get rid of some.
I was broke and had no money in savings.
The systems had all shut down.
My dad wasn't with us.
He was losing to everyone at the game.
He had a great workout and then went out to lunch.
But I didn't have $20, so I said no.
She looked in her wallet and saw a big wad of cash.
Another dog sits beside them.
I forgot I was already committed to another sport.
She wasn't used to working completely alone.
I didn't think I needed it.
Jay called his mom and had a great call.
He is so embarrassed about distributing flyers in a costume that he quits.
She dedicated the piercing to her mother, who had passed away years ago.
We met on an island.
The plumber had years experience and didn't make any mistakes.
She had the same exact one.
Right now I just broke my arm.
Her mom agreed that she should pursue her passion.
His mother said he was still grounded and couldn't play.
So they decided to rob a pet store.
She bought the same exact one.
He asked his wife if they could eat out.
But this year was different because she had a boyfriend.
One day he spotted a small rabbit get killed.
They had been married a year.
She heard screaming in the distance.
She left the dough in the refrigerator.
The dog was barking and I got interrupted.
He looked at his new lamp.
She brought her new puppy home and her parents loved it.
He went to a dog breeder and purchased a puppy instead.
Steve didn't eat the sushi.
Rory didn't care to find out who her birth parents were.
She groped for her inhaler and dragged on it.
Luckily, their mattress was very comfortable.
He has been trying at this for a year now and decides to leave for another company.
Her friends and family tell her she should try out for the team.
Cal waited to the toilet bowl to fill up before he could flush.
It died before she could put it in a big tank.
He decided to buy some protein bars.
The shake was huge and they didn't even finish half of it.
She was making a wreath out of fake flowers.
She was too paranoid to leave her clothes unattended.
Greg used his trusty old truck until he died.
She hated the game and did not want to play.
They then lost their connection to the internet and couldn't reconnect the game.
He named his puppy Nisha, but she developed a nasty temperament as she grew up.
It was a red mug that she got from her favorite store.
She had no food in the house so she ordered a pizza.
Doug admitted he was lying.
He was a 40 year old dwarf.
One small peek confirmed that it was just the wind in the trees.
She put on her coat to go buy some spices for it.
Suddenly he saw a car coming straight at him.
She stopped after her mother informed her that it's not nice.
He made a plan to save up enough money to make it on his own first.
She didn't win, unfortunately.
The campus police loved to attend as well.
The Agent was a man who owned his own agency.
He wanted to help endangered wildlife.
She lived in the city and didn't drive.
She died from the impact.
He paid the fine and went on with his life.
However, he was a very cautious driver.
He decided it was time to go for surgery.
He couldn't afford to quit his job and start his own business.
His visa was invalid, so they turned him away shortly after he arrived.
She would buy the most expensive clothing when husband was dying.
He loved his old wooden floor.
He tried to book a hotel, but there were no more rooms.
I gave my tickets away because I was nervous I would not be able to make it.
There was a unanimous consensus to put it downtown.
We decided not to go see her because she would pass away before we could reach her.
She was given a lot of money.
He and his friend were being harassed by the school bully.
Todd got bored and went inside.
They packed up the car and started to head to the airport.
I found the book I wanted to read at home.
They smashed them on the floor in rebellion of their poor teacher.
She applied to a well known company.
His father taught him from an early age that it's okay to be lazy.
It came right back on.
He borrowed money from his parents.
Her mom never let her.
Colin loved Brussels sprouts.
They need a way to invite the girls they liked.
Their child was in high school now.
I still wish I can go there someday, its one of my biggest dreams.
she told me to meet her the following day as i was free.
He attends only free speeches.
His sled broke after hitting a tree.
Steve was a Christian and had deep faith.
There was traffic so they decided to go to the museum instead.
The painting was done on a Saturday so it was ready for use the following Monday.
The day that Ed stayed indoors.
But she had just run out of butter.
She had never baked anything before.
The feeling was so strong I decided to stay in the house all day.
They pushed every button until they realized the TV was unplugged.
He was pushing to bench more weight then he ever had before.
They sat there for the rest of the day.
I told him that he was at the wrong house.
He dressed in his best suit.
She brought it to a repair place.
He got exterminators to come all the time to ensure he never had bugs in his house.
He ripped the kitchen out of his latest project.
When she arrived, her friends were all there waiting!.
I looked online and saw school was open.
Roy was the boss and let everyone leave.
But got them anyways.
Linda ignored him.
He had found his favorite ice cream at the store!.
He wanted to pay tribute to his father's passing.
He was disappointed because he wouldn't be able to participate in gym class.
She always chose flowers.
Dan also has a crush on her but unfortunately has a girlfriend who is clingy.
Maria waited until the snow storm passed.
She decided to see if she could make it through the semester without the books.
It was very popular where he lived.
Suddenly she was pulled over by a cop.
Jason loved his Legos, and always cleaned up his Legos from the floor when he was done.
Then she opened her bedroom window and snuck out.
We called a gentleman who had one Scottish Terrier left.
They went to the movies.
She always lets me relax after I finish my work.
His math teacher told him that it is a good mental exercise.
His mind went blank and he didn't answer any questions.
They saw a huge brand new condo online they wanted to rent.
I fixed it and kept it for two more years.
I was so nauseous I couldn't eat anything.
She had money to get her hair done.
He drank from his full canteen.
Her mother said they were moving there.
But I had marked the ground so I could find my way back home after the last time I got lost.
She lived in the jungle.
We stayed in instead.
He recently joined a new band.
The things Mike did, however, were appropriate.
Sean had no girlfriend to play with him.
Erin worked all week perfecting her recipe, but was too sick by the weekend to cook.
He is practicing every day for a competition.
But she didn't care much about it.
She was so good his boss gave her a promotion.
They were giving away free mousepads with a purchase.
I am full of hope, exited and waiting for the day of the surgery so that I can get better.
She hated it.
Bill was banned from all restaurants.
I set up a timer to remind me every day that he was gone to water the plants.
They were reunited after a year.
They went out on a boat for the weekend.
He nailed the nail deep enough into the wall.
Rachel left without seeing any cool animals.
The internet seemed even faster than usual.
He took it to the grocery store and cashed it.
He bought so much gear in preparation, and it went great.
She was ready to buy the first one she saw.
He donated the player and some books to charity.
It was even longer before he had got it cut at Great Clips.
He knew exactly what pizza toppings would be best.
It was my first time there.
We don't give it to her, so we fear she is buying it on the street.
He had to as he was in a wheelchair and could not walk.
He could not find any friends to go with him, so he went home instead.
She got along with everyone in her class.
Recently she had to go the funeral of her great grandchildren.
He dreaded the upcoming movie.
They loved it more than anything.
Martin kept himself busy by reading.
She was allowed back at school after one day.
We kept them in a pile.
She hated fish and wouldn't try shrimp.
The customer asked for a Diet Coke.
He knew exactly what he wanted for his birthday.
Martin loved roller coasters.
So he picked up a gun and starting shooting at a pillow.
We caught our flight home quickly.
My son was being awarded at his school.
The food truck had a long line.
Lucy decided sewing would be too tedious.
At the last minute, she changed her mind, and she quickly rinsed all of the bleach out.
She couldn't prepare with the script because she couldn't read.
This time, Dave is planning a vegetarian barbecue party.
She bought soda.
He owns a restaurant.
Stacy told Jasper that she did not feel the same way.
I bought a small cabin in the woods and then got writer's block.
Bradley didn't feel like helping.
One day I decided I didn't like trees anymore.
Their mother grounded them for being so wild and they weren't allowed outdoors.
Now I am deaf and have no interest in music.
He immediately started dating again and gained more confidence.
She decided to buy one from the store.
Nell could not get a visa.
She has been avoiding the gym for a long time and eating poorly.
She hated to cook, so she ordered Chinese.
His teammates did not pitch up to play.
He quit to go to school instead.
She listened to her Grandmother's instruction.
I could not wait for it to finish baking.
He had a job the next day.
Chad took them.
Sarah's friend gave her a present, it was a pillow that looks like a tater tot.
So she decided to adopt a bulldog.
Morgan not wanting to be king any longer gave his brother Sean the crown.
Luckly the roads cleared up in time for school.
A group of kids asked her to play with them.
He made hats for each of his siblings.
He disliked snow since it was too cold.
He was dead on the beach.
He usually went twice a week to catch all the new releases.
He would put a warm cookie in there as well for dessert.
So he called a repairman.
We had to go to two stores to get more.
She decided to purchase cookie dough at the store since she couldn't bake like her grandmother.
He installed quickly on his own.
She totally hated the dog.
I do mine and Nick's always.
He was mad because they don't make those anymore and they were his favorite.
She hated her professor.
One day, she saw a trail of ants across a counter.
She was not happy when she miscarried in her first trimester.
He left because it was too loud.
He decided to go buy a large out door kennel.
Timothy ended up sinking his dad's boat.
He was glad that they were healthy for him.
None of the jetskis were working.
He listened to many different types of music wearing headphones.
He couldn't figure out how to get it to work.
She put in some headphone and laid out in the sun.
I went by myself to a library instead.
Adam was assured he knew the material well.
Shelby was too scared to go to the tryouts.
He saw a dog following behind him.
He was excited for his first day in the majors.
She decided to hire a personal pastry chef.
In 9th grade, he became influenced by confederate sympathizers.
The pet rabbit ran away.
After a few hours, they were still not hungry.
She wished she could spend a day at the carnival.
Frank hates the summer because he gets bored when he's not teaching.
She mixed all of the ingredients and was about to eat.
She sewed them to curtains and dresses and lampshades in other people's homes.
He showed up early and brought a camera.
His mother arranged a bus ride for him.
The owner was teaching her how to make a sandwich.
He sat on his computer and searched online.
Brad was now 25 and wanted to reconnect with his father, but he had passed away.
They were staying in a mountain cabin.
She couldn't hear them anymore and she was able to relax.
He was so disappointed when it didn't work.
He sailed the ocean with his crew.
She finished it just before lunch period ended.
He wasn't ready for the race.
They drove to the animal shelter to find a cocker spaniel, specifically.
Suzanne did not know anybody at the party.
He hired professional movers through an app.
Billy never saw the cat again.
She tried to drive across the street anyway and got into an accident.
Bobby decided to fly south for a few hours out of the storm.
She poured herself a hot cup of coffee.
It started raining so they packed up and left.
He did not have an oven, however.
The problem was that he had the fastest car in town.
First, I went to my aunt's house and we had lunch.
His card was declined, so he made a sandwich at home instead.
Bob loved his haircut and the service and went back again.
He doesn't have any money to buy any more winter clothes.
She followed the outline she'd created.
Her grandma suggested they buy groceries online and have them delivered.
Gina saw the principal and left.
Adrian enjoyed volunteering his time for the gallery.
They had a fun time at the park on Saturday.
Her friends had taken her to talk to a priest.
He never wanted to look through it.
Reggie needed to go to a nearby store, but he had chores to do.
He loved it and it made him very healthy.
Anthony laid in bed because it was Saturday.
She decided to hold a yard sale to sell her unwanted items.
He went to his room to talk to his roommate.
As the boy grew, she shaved his head.
The man lived in the house for years.
He looked at what he just bought in his fridge.
He scared the dog very bad.
Rachel suggested that they go to a baseball game.
He likes the ocean the best.
She sat down and started to joke with Kim.
The other car's engine turned off.
He tried again and was able to log in.
He asked his mom to buy it for him.
She borrowed a dress from her neighbors.
It was made of solid plastic and easy to wipe clean.
Sarah never forgot her helmet.
He loaded the washing machine halfway full.
We took the bus to get the food.
Frankie blew a huge bubble and it popped and covered his whole face.
Amanda decided that she would just give up travelling.
He was off the next day so he could sleep in.
I always sat on the bleachers and refused to play dodgeball.
An unwed teen, Mary went with her sister for an ultrasound.
He beat the game over 1000 times.
During recess, he ran after her and yelled her name, but she was mean to him.
They had the same musician every single night.
He started doing the radio show.
He was the store manager.
Dave did not like John.
But I only had coffee.
Ally refused to play videogames with Jake.
They were waiting for their crush to come by!.
He takes a quick nap.
He decided to wait in the car.
Ricardo liked her enough to marry her.
He quit before he even finished watching the training videos.
Bob was a tiny lap dog and din't like to go outside.
The dog wouldn't settle down.
He disliked a special worker from the state that came and brought him things.
He ended up getting lost in a ritzy subdivision.
He took drugs.
He took the wrong train to France.
The faltered and did not make it to the top.
I looked fantastic in the pictures and was glad they posted them.
She would never make mud pies.
She was running very late.
He had to go to the hospital for food poisoning and was in there for a week.
He decided he wanted to go there to try it for himself, but it was all awful.
At the restaurant, the food was varied and he ordered a beef steak.
She always stayed up super late and never set an alarm.
I hated being in crowded hallways so I decided to wait in the classroom.
She found nothing useful in the back of the closet.
Clara could not get her mother on the phone.
He cried for a long time, purging out his stress.
She didn't enter because she didn't care about having an iPad.
I flirted with the teller.
She committed to growing it out for the summer.
Unfortunately, he couldn't grow facial hair so it wasn't mean to be.
She was recorded on a video in the shower by the manager.
There just wasn't anything exciting at the moment to write about.
She got a boyfriend and grew out of it.
He didn't hear her at all since he is deaf.
I ran away while my friend's boyfriend pulled her down behind a car.
He broke it on the way there.
No matter what he tried, he couldn't develop the skills.
Tracy is married to Mark.
She won VIP passes but lost the tickets on the way there.
She decided to plant peach and apple trees in the back yard.
He never married as burgers were his only love.
When he went to reboot it, it finally turned on.
He told me his foot was magically immune to cellulitis.
He was layed off and could not afford one.
She decided to call a taxi cab.
I hate being married to someone who works such long hours.
It's always a full sit down meal.
He took the shot and didn't even feel it.
They drove to a large river in the forest for a day trip.
Bill got fired after 2 minutes.
It was a hen.
But he had to go to visit his family at France instead.
She was glad it was casual and could just wear her jeans.
My wife and I ended up at one that had many tours passing through it.
She refused to make them anything.
Noah pulled a muscle practicing and had to pull out of the meet.
She started reading a book.
Luis knew the ritual was very crucial and couldn't be skipped.
Alice stepped into out into the hall to talk to a student.
He talked to the girl about school.
He prefered to be alone and avoided contact with everyone.
He stared down at his while he ate..
He used a fish tank service.
She decided to just skip lunch.
Unfortunately it was undercooked.
Lea had many friends but was taking difficult classes.
I decided to make phone calls using my computer instead.
She goes online and finds a date fairly quickly.
One day Martin was asked to run the grill.
I took over 100 selfies.
He decided to turn on his game console.
He dressed up as a ghost one day.
So he hired a private tennis instructor.
She finally arrived forty minutes late.
She had was bleeding from her ear from an ear infection.
They sat on a bench together.
A green frog would be the perfect pet.
Every time he got caught.
She didn't like the dog because it uses the restroom inside.
Harry was so disturbed he never mentioned his friend again in his entire life.
He never used any of the stickers though and a collecting stashed in a box.
He was desperate for money when his boss called.
The man showed them his cages filled with puppies.
The family came home after only two days because of a tropical storm warning.
I left him because he was so annoying.
Ashley helped Adam with his campaign for president.
In an attempt to impress her, he got on a stationary bike.
The track was beautiful with floweres.
He had nothing important planned.
He didn't know how to draw though.
She saw some old classmates and was happy she didn't have to talk to them anymore.
She was careful to not get dirty so that her mother would never find out.
We decided to go to an afternoon game one Sunday, but it is rained out.
She liked to keep them messy.
He had shaving cream.
I ate them all myself.
She dressed up very carefully for her date, but got distracted by a phone call.
Jean never saw her again.
They don't party at night.
It was her boss asking where she was.
The car needed an oil change, as a previous mechanic indicated.
Her little daughter Sal knew that smoking was a dangerous habit for health.
She didn't wait for her parents to tell her they were leaving.
She was going to go skiing.
He found out his new girlfriend has a dog.
They brought plenty of cups.
I tried to learn but didn't have the balance for it so i decided to try learning guitar.
She packed all her pillows into a box.
Unfortunately there were no waves.
He was so invested in his game that he had no real friends to invite to his party.
It was a very well priced vacuum.
He purchased a few rental properties to make some passive income.
Marty said he was getting the email, he was just ignoring it.
The lights went out and they had to reschedule it.
He took a sip of water from his glass and then went inside to finish the laundry.
He went inside warily to discover his house held a surprise party.
He wrote every day, and hadn't missed a day since he was in grade school.
She had him sit in the shopping cart to keep an eye on him.
I decided to stay away from it before my wedding.
She was vegan, so she had trouble finding food that wasn't dairy or meat.
He asked if he could borrow Henry's car.
She purchased one and got on the bus.
Unfortunately her husband could only find her plastic flowers.
By the end of the day he was exhausted, but felt he gotten his bearings in the big city.
She threw all of it in the trash.
He liked to visit but he didn't think he could ever live there.
On weekdays his dad is available.
But he could barely afford to pay his bills, so he stole a car.
Unfortunately, he passed away last month.
She went to school anyway.
they were going to school.
Chad was killed in a wreck on the way there.
Dave thought it was fun too.
The old ones took coins and were sent for disposal.
One day, while test driving a car, Mike drove the car into a ditch.
She can't afford to go this year.
He asked his mom who he could get to help him.
None of the retailers had the part I needed.
The only thing she didn't like at all was, unfortunately, her coworker.
He has recently been riding down a steep hill that none of the other kids dare to attempt.
Peter's parents were halfway across the country, so they could do whatever they liked.
They lost the baby after a short time, though.
He asked him how much it was for a ticket.
He made very good money.
There were German submarines that were around the area.
It was one of the worst she had ever seen.
Watching Star Wars was awful and a waste of time.
He was going to jump in his pool.
Tina's boss really likes her.
There was no one else in sight, so he laid down on the grass.
He was single and lonely.
His car was broken so he couldn't anyway.
They were both young stylish women - they even had the same shirt!.
When he got to the store he bought the biggest lollipop he could find.
I went down the usual highway and there was very little traffic.
But he was interested in bisexual dating.
I could not find anything in my price range.
She decided since they had to study together to try and get along.
She invited all her sisters to come join.
He enjoyed the sunshine the whole way home.
He wasn't very excited about the present.
She ended up breaking up with him to focus on her work.
While we were near the top, my father fell down the mountain and broke his leg.
While it was at sea, the market for rare earths skyrocketed.
She had no friend on Facebook.
Paul decided if they came by plane he'd flash the light once in warning.
He usually did not win, so Han tossed it in the trash.
He only needed one because he had shaved his head.
They enjoyed playing out.
I went hiking in the Alps every day.
Not enough to pick up strays.
He found it in this bedroom.
He had never done such a hard race, but he knew if he worked hard he would succeed.
Then I check to see if anyone was in the way.
I was extremely exited.
They have the best pizza and I always get the Pepperoni.
I liked it so much that I drank the whole can.
They wanted to nap in the field all day on a blanket.
He got a great job on his first interview.
I fell asleep there and woke up the next morning.
I remembered I had them on last night while watching TV.
His last project was installing ceiling fans.
The next day his neighbor repainted the mail box green to match the others.
They all arrived just in time.
His last concert was especially impressive.
They spent the day warm indoors watching movies.
She decided to order them from Amazon, to save a trip to the store.
U of F was the only option available to him.
So he upgraded it with a new card.
Unfortunately, the water was shut off because he didn't pay his water bill.
I was with my adult friends on a gambling trip.
He wasn't approved for a loan and was sad that he couldn't fulfill his dream.
He hated the taste of tea.
He and his friends have been playing video games all day.
Collin's wife went out to buy him a new coat.
She decides to go to the gym instead of changing her diet.
He fell asleep in his bunk on a slow day at sea.
They fell asleep and didn't wake up til morning.
He was chosen to be on the jury.
I hooked something big enough to snap my fishing line.
Her dad purchased her a plane ticket.
She then pulled into a huge shopping mall.
The race began immediately.
He started doing some research on repairing his computer.
When he got good enough, he went to his local lake and sold all the equipment.
Father and son spent many many years together before the son died.
Her eyes were hurting, so she didn't go out.
She was a singer that created masterpieces.
Due to a power outage, they received no news of the oncoming blizzard.
She carefully set my homework aside.
Business was great.
He thought he saw a man outside of his room.
When he returned to school, Gina said bad things about him.
His teacher gave it to him and told him to give it to his parents.
When her husband died suddenly, he left her everything.
He hated doing yard work but today he felt very energetic and finished it all.
My cane is my prized possession and I would never replace it.
She didn't want to dye her hair with a bottle.
The game had just started and Brian was leading off.
They were thick black socks.
My mom let me have the first taste.
He decided to read a romance novel instead.
I opted to order one off of Amazon.
It was daytime, and lots of light was coming in through the windows.
Jill is glad there aren't any storms going on.
When he removed the trap under a sink, a clog of hair came out.
They enjoyed eating snacks.
He could not see any available job postings.
When Jake got to his friend's house, the friend was ready.
He was still too short for the roller coaster.
Scooter ran into the road and was hit by a car.
At lest her boss wasn't relying on her presentation.
He bought a bag full of fresh produce.
He made mud pies for his mom.
He visited the wildlife exhibits.
She was resourceful but couldn't come up with a plan.
They quickly got back together.
He dog a hole and put the tree in.
Truman friend gifted him a new keyboard.
Stacy was too scared to try out and stayed home.
She wasn't good enough to make the team.
Yesterday she posted a video about an ant.
But he never ate any.
He tore them to fit them into the trash can.
She died.
Susan was glad she did not have to go to school.
Tim won every round.
Johns grandma came to show him the basics of the piano.
She did not take it out to the road.
She had a lot of teeth missing and was embarrassed.
Since he was visiting China, he knew where to go.
Ava had used SPF 1000 on her face.
He had been homeless for some years but the landlord will never kick him out.
I chain it to my wrist just to be safe.
One year there were no candles.
He decided to start eating vegetables.
His friend bought him an exclusively single-player game on Steam.
Her boyfriend did her laundry for her while she was at work.
He went to the game hungry.
Thankfully they were cheap and Tommy was able to perform them himself.
He toughed it out and went to work anyway.
The teacher asked them to make an abstract sculpture.
She found an antique lamp in her attic.
Marry took her cat to the cold.
He cannot afford to rent them either.
His parents treated him and his brother to a day of fun and celebration.
He had liked Brenda for so long, he was so happy to take her out.
She hates other cats.
There were no laws about skating anywhere.
He quit after a week even though it was good exercise.
However, she didn't know what John might want.
While walking, she noticed her favorite store was having a sale.
She was turning 13, officially a teenager.
She was able to get through the list in a little under an hour.
Julie never picked out one they wanted so they gave up.
He is too scared to throw the crust in the air, so he uses a different technique.
Police stopped her to inform that the roads and businesses were all closed.
Her son hated everything they bought.
Her roommate made her stay away from all social gatherings.
The owner allowed us to ride the horse.
She had to get a benign mole removed.
Scott mowed his own grass.
It was about science and showed many funny skits.
But she didn't have money to buy a new one.
But hate to see their fortunes inside.
A girl stopped him and handed him a clown wig.
It was real.
Her teammate moved to spike the ball.
Tony had to return them.
He told her that in order to get it back, she had to kiss him.
They decided to buy new clothes.
She was alone.
She was hesitant to get down on all fours.
By some miracle, he had the remote in hand when I arrived at his house.
They went inside to play once it started raining.
She got in the car and lock the doors.
So, I was sad when my lawn mower broke.
To save money, I just looked at a video tutorial online.
The in-laws seemed to enjoy the meal and cleaned their plates.
She couldn't go today because it was pouring rain.
He got drunk, and passed out in an alley.
I got fluffy down by climbing a ladder.
The couple were walking along a beach.
A guy was sitting inside.
I was alone and went to bed.
This year she studied more.
I said of course not, and got in to drive it away.
He is looking for a gig to show everyone how great he is.
It was the best time ever to get HBO.
Someone stole the books that were there to read.
They were hoping for good weather during their holiday trip.
She decided to hire a dog trainer.
He told me he was gay.
Like many, I always use my pets in photos.
I had been crushing on the girl for months, but it went terribly.
Frozen Banana's were two dollars each.
Her mother was a nurse.
She went on a diet with her best friend, a guy named Bob.
She decided to buy a garden gnome.
she spent three months eating too much.
She decided to branch out and steal fine art.
She decided to dive into her work to forget about her problems.
He sold it to a used car dealer.
Later I saw the same car pass me from the other direction.
They were surveying to see if they could build a water tower there.
We recorded an episode to watch together.
A breaking news story of a car accident was being broadcasted.
Jim's oatmeal was soft and chewy.
When she went to inspect the propert, she found roaches.
She had always wanted friends to drink wine with and talk about literature with.
He stayed in his small house, and told no-one.
He put on a nice enough shirt that he didn't need a tie.
He wasn't really interested in going to the bar because he started drinking at 15.
I was having the students read quietly to themselves while I graded quizzes.
He found one shirt that fit him badly.
She wouldn't give her oldest granddaughter a thing.
He decided to take some local improv classes.
First they saw the dolphins show featuring the adorable penguins.
He knew he was going to make it because he is one of the best.
He was good at many sports.
She needed to go online to take care it.
He did not do the test.
She was going to bar hop in town.
I was fired for inappropriate conduct.
As I turned right down my street, a dog appeared.
He had bought a toy to use as a reward.
She dropped her film class.
She decided to eat eggs for breakfast.
She gets a campus escort for protection.
My soccer team won, and my brother gave me pizza during the post game celebration.
I slammed her hand in the door letting her in.
Amy was so nervous she felt too sick to play.
John wanted to save time, so he flew.
It worked fine.
She worked as a lawyer in child protection services.
He was the first to the restaurant.
I cannot believe how innovative and helpful some of the apps are for my daughter to learn.
It had been raining all day so the roads were slick from the water.
They reconciled later on.
He played piano for businesses.
He never even asked for a job.
He knew exactly what to write about.
She loved sculpting the most.
As she was walking a thief came and stole her jacket.
His mom put some ham on his sandwich.
He keeps winning and refuses to admit anything's wrong.
I told her that it was broken and replaced the lock.
They bought many snacks.
He wanted to visit the home where he grew up.
He got a breaking news alert on his phone so he paused the dvd to read it.
Jane hated movies.
The teacher was aware and ended in time.
He looked around but could not find where the sound was coming from.
He loved Blink 182 even at age 35.
She decided to go on a month long no-spend.
But his voice was too quiet.
He secured a new job working at a bakery.
He decided that he would donate most of his money to only one charity.
They had a new kite and it was a stormy day.
He opened it and guzzled it down.
Today our son is driving to a WWE fight in Maine.
Their mom gave them a tablet to keep them quiet.
He plays on the swing and falls.
Their show was unexpectedly cancelled due to scheduling issues.
His total came out to 5 dollars.
I obediently complied to make everyone happy.
I thought about taking a car.
It was hard to get to play on the team.
She was too scared to go.
They spotted a little jellyfish near the surface.
She told him no because the school lunches were unhealthy.
Her husband sweats terribly when sleeping!.
Sadly Aaron passed away after a short illness.
One day a bird showed up at his house.
So he bought a scooter.
the water was calm and clear.
She wanted to buy a new ring.
The sound of explosions and gunfire emitted from the television but the mom will never notice.
He wanted to hang out with his friends.
I looked out the window and saw my mother.
Her friend suggested they play some games instead.
There were no winds blowing in any direction.
She is two weeks old.
The family decided to pay on it.
He was very good at his job and always did his duties well.
His team lost their semi-finals game.
They weren't very busy this night.
He didn't have time to practice the tutorials he found.
Kate dug a hole in the yard and every night it was filled again.
She was carrying grocery when she got home.
She made Fs on most of her tests so she decided to drop the class.
Her parents could not afford any gift for her.
So he went and got a fake one.
We took our seats and got ready for the ride to begin.
She decided that she just wants to stay single for the rest of her life.
I couldn't locate his owners, so I adopted him.
Her friends were never noticed the white head.
He lost his GPS so he had to use a compass.
He would fly down into town.and catch moth.
She was concerned about the price though.
She finally ordered one and could not wait for it to arrive in the mail.
He was worried the witness wouldn't pick out the man he'd arrested.
He  ended up only purchasing batteries for his remote.
None of them were aware that the bus engine had stalled and they were stranded.
This past weekend I played with a group of young kids.
She decided she needed to sleep.
She finished it and put on the icing after it cooled.
Suddenly they cancelled the race.
Then the stock market crashed and they lost everything.
I worked for petco, a pet store.
Diana refused to play that day.
I decided to go to my house, because I have wifi.
She was late to class.
My teacher knew I was shy and I went the entire semester without saying a word.
But she can't outrun her father.
She got dressed and arrived early to church.
Growing up in an Amish community, it was quite an unusual dream.
I was reading a book and eating ice cream.
He went to the putting range every day until he ran out of money.
They were disappointed that the cafe didn't sell coffee.
While I was texting and driving, I drove my car into a pedestrian.
One day he decided to call someone to come fix it.
He was suddenly distracted by a phone call.
the money was for her sister.
We walked across the street to get to the venue.
She was running out of money, so her aunt loaned her one of hers.
We've been getting along very well.
She started to write right away.
they called the fire department.
She was superstitious and never touched Roma tomatoes.
He decided to go see his doctor.
I took my son with me.
They did not have any fruit.
She threw the bush away and purchased another one.
They were learning how to play.
He paid a ghost writer to put his book together.
She had a  change of heart when she became a grandmother.
Like most Tuesdays, I stayed at home to relax.
He was with his friends but never bragged about how he plays.
I haven't had them in years and saw them at the store.
He is a natural and does not need to practice.
I was going to skip it anyways.
She wanted to redesign it herself.
She knocked it out with a broom and threw it on the leaf fire.
They were outwitted by the king of a rival nation.
Rain was starting in town.
She started chemo which did not help .
Her books fell all over the sidewalk and will never get a new bag.
He begins to lose his full vision permanently.
It was at a beautiful lake.
Her dad let her get an expensive haircut to impress people.
He decided to go on a high carb, vegetarian diet.
He finally bought a brand new house.
To do so, she needed the best meats to make a minced meat pie.
She replaced the tub with an efficient shower stall.
I watched people who were fishing.
He asked a woman out but she was working so they made a date for the following weekend.
The state fair was held in a small building this year.
Her meal came out better than she ever expected and without any help.
The beach was soft and smooth.
She laughed hysterically and changed the channel right away.
She took the stuffed animal home into her room.
I didn't see anyone else on the road all day.
If Walter wasn't allergic to pet hair, he could have gotten a dog.
She sang at the show.
She had her friend visiting.
He got a remote control truck for their backyard.
He saw a bird on the deck.
The day was hot and no animals would come outside.
There were no cars on the road so I got to work in no time.
He is a kind and honest older brother.
We loved the same music.
Suddenly she got a call delivering some wonderful news.
She would hatch up plans in order to get her hands on other women's husbands.
He stayed awake the whole night exploring the mansion.
He tried meeting new people and eventually he made new friends.
She made a pasta dish that was unusually bad for her.
He threw an incomplete 50 yard pass that could have been a touchdown.
He went to an online site.
We took different courses, and have a completely different schedule aside from one class.
it was so loud, he woke up with a start and got on with his day.
He drew a design that the manager approved.
It doesn't work anymore since I cracked the view finder.
She saw a little bird.
Since Jeff needed the money soon, she paid him right back.
The sun was shining and the weather was warm.
She formed a garage band with a couple of her classmates.
The lion scared the kids greatly and they avoided him.
She was hit by a car while attempting to cross the street.
It was a parrot, but It could not talk yet.
Annie ended up winning because she ate two more hot dogs than Todd.
She settled into her home theater seat to watch the movie.
I told them about a stranger who tried to attack me in my dreams.
He bounced until he was tired enough for a nap.
He managed to fall and break his ankle in the first half.
It was going to be a paintball party.
His wife bought him a hair straightener.
But they were quiet since they were at a funeral.
The rain started to fall.
He started getting up a half hour earlier and sitting down for a proper breakfast.
Clark hit some traffic.
He built a castle.
She gave it a very engaging title.
His father finally made him a cup and it was love at first taste for Billy.
The customer purchased the computer and took it home.
He decided to buy a horse to ride.
They were very anxious and excited to ride, but the go karts were out of order.
The family decided to plant some vegetables.
She found a pair of 100 dollar bills.
He teaches himself.
Unfortunately, he did not have a passport.
Ann has a lot of muscle tone.
One morning she told Tony she was not going to make it to school.
He is having a horrible time.
They bought tickets to the theater.
The injury was okay but he was able to recover in time for the championship game where he was MVP.
He hitched them to a post.
The sun was setting as they approached home.
The first pair she tried on was way too tight.
Genevieve preferred to sit by herself.
It is even worse when I wear shorts and ride my bicycle.
Last month, he played it safe and stayed inside to catch up on TV shows.
Jerry was running late.
My stepdad took one that had died and buried it.
After Tom healed he went back to work right away.
He invited him to the club to dance.
I don't believe in hurting any kind of animals.
A customer came up to her with an odd coupon.
So she decided to get a pizza for delivery all to herself.
Then she went to start the soothing music and kept her eye on her baby.
One day, he decided to burn this diary and purchase another one.
Her sister loves highway driving.
He forgot his gear and hit the road.
She packed her favorite socks.
She gave her students an evaluation.
She was in math class when her head started hurting.
He bought a brand new one so it wouldn't have any problems.
He slipped into a back alley.
Her and her teammates all went out for milkshakes afterwards.
I told her I wouldn't be able to accompany her.
Suddenly, Juanita fell off the bike and scraped hurt her knee.
He thought it was boring.
He caught a baby bunny and let it go in the yard.
The weather was beginning to storm.
Our building has a no dog policy except for service animals and the neighbor will never be nosy.
Her mother didn't give her any rules.
He had no pepper.
His daughter was sick in hospital.
He was familiar with the city.
A high school girl didn't have any cigarettes.
He was making some s'mores.
We had gone to the city together.
His parents loved having him there and he stayed until they passed away.
He knew he had to make up a test.
She spends her workdays  filling forms.
I watched a video about making juice with fruit.
She was miserable but was bound by contract to stay.
Her friend Bianca suggested that they go to the stores.
He bet so much money on it.
Her mom and dad agreed to adopt a puppy from the animal shelter.
She immediately asked Sadie if she could borrow a pen.
As a treat, I decided to let her out into our backyard to play.
He had been driving drunk and was awaiting sentencing.
He created hand made signs to take to the games.
But Douglas ended up breaking up with Tracy first.
She loved it so much, she decided to make a career out of bartending.
After college, he had extensive knee surgery and is unable to run anymore.
He trained for years to become the best.
His brother was really good at making the best scramble egg.
He asked his dad to buy him a new one.
It was raining outside but a gust of wind blew the water out of the roadways.
She had been wanting a nose job for a long time.
I was so nervous and so I fainted.
I had a lot planned out and accidentally passed out from a medicine mixed that made me sleep through the whole day.
The blue team ended up winning by one point.
Her friends saw the color and loved it.
Adam decided it was time that they get married.
However she injured herself and did not go to the Olympics.
ohn couldn't find his microphone anywhere!.
They drank beer with friends.
He made her so uncomfortable that she quit her job.
He loved cooking.
He ended up at his destination coincidentally.
Christian came home and forgot to tell his mom he had homework.
They have been passing by my house, so I yell to stop looking at their phones.
He hired a maid to clean it.
The police arrested a man who confessed to the robberies and returned the stolen items.
She would buy a lot of random stuff all the time.
It was a tiny kitten from the shelter.
She favored a boy named Tommy.
First person got a hundred dollar gift certificate.
It was incredibly cold outside.
I will never forgive myself for the things I cannot confess.
There is a grocery store across the street.
It had a very long life, but then it died.
I was doing really good and knew all the answers.
I was way better at playing basketball than they were.
He stayed in a hotel that was at the top of a large volcano.
So he went shopping for tennis balls.
They made a taco that was practically famous.
She got scared and ran away.
They were most excited about their big kitchen!.
He tossed and turned, but it was no use so he got up.
She broke her leg and could not start gym classes for a couple months.
The agreed to buy a house together.
I had just rescued another swimmer and he was filling out a report.
They were afraid of the burglars.
Suddenly, the rain stopped and his dog went inside the house.
This is their first season as a team and they are undefeated so far.
While he was inside, the car wash suddenly stopped for only a minute to be fixed.
He felt a sharp pain in his stomach.
He evicted them and found new tenants who could afford the rent.
Harold changed his mind and ordered chinese instead.
No one cared about it.
She talked a lot about her step-mother.
They were touring at Dollywood.
They didn't want to learn about the forts history.
He had a card for her!.
It was a casual beach wedding, so he wore a polo shirt and khakis.
His science teacher taught the class that cheese was not exactly a mold.
Lily married him after she received an art scholarship.
Skip brought his phone with him as he headed to the bathroom.
A fly landed on Richard's desk so he swatted and killed it.
I have no idea where it is coming from, so i asked my dad to check it out.
He decided one day to not think about them to get over his fears.
He was too drunk so I insisted that I drive.
They found the fire pit not useful.
They had grilled lobster.
Across the street were a couple of cats.
She was trying to make a nice gift for her mother.
They found a secluded forest.
She was excited to be on her way home so she could see Callie again.
It was the hot dog stand!.
But it was actually smaller than it appeared.
She wanted to do more work.
We asked but she wouldn't tell us.
He replaced the battery.
The competition is who can run faster.
They were disappointed there would be no spaceship launch.
Driving home, we stopped by the local church and donated some household items.
She noticed a perfect chest on an online store.
Tom sees a bunch of cash in the trash.
The interview was over really quick.
The horse Kicked him.
Her blog got hacked, and millions of readers were disappointed.
Chad was his elderly neighbor, and lived in the house behind Mister Smith's.
He downloaded it and played for hours.
The beef at the restaurant had gone bad so Pete threw it out.
I work while my wife is retired.
Sometime they get a little sleepy during our study session.
Learning how to cast was quick and easy.
He was able to take care of himself though.
We were debating about global warming.
He then grimaced and held his hands.
He finished his job at the sonar station and went out to the dock where they were anchored.
she was a cashier.
He worked outside in his driveway.
He and his friend are heading to the mountains later today.
Her sister had just passed away.
When he went to the zoo, he was amazed they were not on exhibition.
He was cooking dinner for his friends tonight.
He had it towed to the mechanic's, who said it was okay.
He broke his foot on the climbing wall and had to stop.
We were having fun going through the maze at Disneyland.
The bag was gone.
One day my brother's and I decided to make my Mom a sald.
He ate away at his roommates birthday cake.
She befriended Joe, a toy poodle.
She decided to focus all of her efforts on studying instead of a social life.
She couldn't decide where to go to eat.
It is summer vacation and they are all at summer camp for the next month.
For the good of the child they conceived during their first hook-up, they maintained the relationship.
He bought some tubs to clean with.
He put on some house slippers.
But  it wad unsustainable so he went to therapy for help with his  food addiction.
One week later, Perry renewed his insurance just one day before an accident.
Toby was sad that it had dried up.
It was a bundle of books and paperwork.
She found an excellent vendor offering a good price in a nearby town.
He is having a great time and has made a ton of friends with everyone.
We accidentally all fell into a ditch that was covered with grass.
It was about Hopkins having insulted Shelley's culture.
I stayed home to prepare.
Logan is turning 6 today.
It was haunted.
He was unaware that Amy loved roses.
He saw the sun setting.
His favorite part was the dialogue and he loved to write.
They made matching necklaces.
He did not like wearing hats.
Recently another one opened right next door.
I kept it safe until I gt home and then moved all my money to it.
Her mother encouraged her to try to sell some online.
When she stopped, she saw her dog wagging it's tail.
Water, breath holding, peanut butter not all.
It was his turn to go up against the champ and lost.
He changed his birthday party from the circus to a local theme park.
She bought some fantastic new carpet.
My neighbor, Shelley, asked for help in carrying her new stove.
They had a speaker who was going to talk to them about tornado safety.
Matt's yard was barren from the flooding.
The bakery was out of baguettes.
He found out very fast that he didn't like vegetables.
When her arthritis started, she had to stop making quilts.
His son was playing on the swings.
I didn't have time to do anything else but perform.
They were too dim.
She forgot to go.
She called her boss to let him know.
The Smith family sat in the mall enjoying the air conditioning.
Her parents did not want to have a bigger family.
Gloria followed the diet and exercise plan set by her doctor.
She was hunting crocodile and needed her boat.
She wanted to be nothing like her older sister.
He would sit on a park bench and snap away, but he was sent to jail after stalking one of the people in the park.
She was to meet her sister B so they could trade coupons.
She was taking her manual kayak out.
Everyone was sitting around conversing with their drinks, too tired to move around.
They went to a friend to talk through their issues.
He was born deaf and needed to find Korean Language Partners that could sign.
They did not bother reading the instructions and missed some screws.
She couldn't stand for long, though, so only cooked at home.
He started a small business.
The vet said the dog would recover in a couple days.
She learned that she qualified for a very large home.
She had left a beautiful exotic car in her yard for a week.
We were going to see the doctor.
They usually get the hot lunch available at school.
The baby was wearing a warm romper.
The troll got lost.
I sat in the only empty seat next to a boy.
Her dog loved being washed.
She saw a pencil on the ground.
Since then he had always loved cats.
He decided to stop by a pizza place on his way home from work.
He stuck with it for a little while and decided to quit to play basketball.
She went back to bed because it was too early.
He was the star of the school musical but was terrible on opening night.
He noticed his fishing rod was broken.
She wanted a dog for her birthday.
They could not find any good spots though.
He submitted a singing video to an internet talent contest but it was rejected.
He prepared a plate of food for himself.
He had a fancy ice cream cone.
He had too many bills to pay.
He wanted to see a gorilla.
She was taking her last college final exam today!.
His plan was to travel the world solo.
they did not have any movie to watch.
He wanted to win, but he was disqualified because he attacked the referee.
They went to the pizzeria they had been eating at for years with only one item on the menu.
He put his house up for sale.
They went to see a botanical garden.
Tina was bored by museums.
He always watches horror shows and wanted to switch it up.
While he was there one day, the owner told him the gym would be closing down.
She threw it deeper in the pond.
The Damien would always stop Leila in her tracks and tackle her, before she could chase him.
He went to see a woman who was an inspirational speaker.
One of them jumped and broke his leg.
He bought a shiny new coffin.
He decided to order room service.
Her mom was unable to afford to enroll her in the class.
The puppy ran away.
He picked her up and she mentioned she didn't have any kids.
She was telling Serena that she would wash her clothes for her.
It put him on life support and his life had lots all of its meaning being bedridden in a hospital.
She decided to make her own costume.
He kept pawing at the back door.
She decided to cut back on her spending.
Charles did not fall in love with Dori.
Her best friend, Jane, offered to tutor her and Lori accepted.
The coat was very warm and comfortable.
Her parents told her that her bad behavior would mean no presents for this year.
Their mothers told them no because they are grounded.
She watched the parade then went for ice cream.
After I was told I wasn't getting on I bought a bus ticket and called my mom.
They had twins and then he got a vasectomy.
He ran a showroom that sold widgets.
He was so good but never got any professional offers.
They could not believe they had not changed a bit.
This was their first climb ever.
He was happy the kale salad was not spoiled yet.
Dave got stage sick and ran off.
I gave them to the birds.
My tire popped, so I sat down to fix it.
Kelsey was working at an office.
He prepared for the test all day.
His grades got terrible.
I found an ad for a movie theater job, but did not know how to apply.
Jude went up to her to say hi.
His mom took the balloon from him.
Ken was glad, as he and his grandfather hated each other.
She ate junk food.
I stayed in because of rain.
He bought a newer truck after lighting the old on fire.
His enemy Matthew approached him and began making fun of him.
His friend's parents ordered cheesesteaks for the boys.
David was a pitcher and struck out the last three batters.
She pulled over and had her husband take the wheel.
The milk however, was empty.
His company had booked a hotel room for him.
They were the only ones there.
She had the authority to issue actual tickets and made the city lots of revenue.
He fell asleep on the couch.
She decided to order it online.
She was happy.
She and her husband had eloped at the courthouse.
We went hiking.
He would only ever eat one cupcake.
I couldn't find any dates so I deleted it.
Sloane jabbed a stick into the water.
But someone asked her to buy some candy.
She brought sushi.
He went out for a touchdown.
Everyone knew how well she could cook since she was an Italian chef.
She immediately started tanning.
He saw a man in a white gown walking along the road.
He separated the whites from the colors.
All of the sudden she heard a fighter jet outside.
Norvert aye ate a Greek salad then brushed his teeth and was ready for the dentist.
He never performed well on tests for that reason.
He wasn't feeling well, so he told his coach he couldn't play.
Someone sneakily replaced the chocolate with deer dung and the campers used it.
Unwilling to wait, she went to the store to buy some immediately.
He baked it and it was nicely done.
He had already passed the Bar exam, and only had one more class.
He decided to reorganize his closet.
The band's performance called for a duet.
They were involved in chess competitions.
They found him watching TV.
He did not have his charger with him.
We couldn't find our utensils in the boxes so we ordered a pizza instead.
She had a feeling she would win.
She liked not having to worry about her looks.
She wants to continue attending an all girls school.
Susan still hasn't figured out what to buy her.
This time I did the best thing and I finished it early.
He was allowed to rest indoors, and soon felt better.
Today my co-worker told me he was going to stick to registers.
She and her son John were supposed to take the bus to Harvard square, but John was running late and they had not boarded yet.
He would need years of training first.
They were going to the amusement park and will never chicken out.
She spent the day sunbathing on the sand.
He propped his feet up and fell asleep watching TV.
When it was time to share their belongings it was easy as they had an agreement.
The dentist told Bob his gums and teeth looked great!.
I turned on the radio in anticipation and heard some relieving news.
He laid on his bed the whole day.
She had taken her granddaughter to a movie for 3 hours.
He built it strong and sturdy.
He regretted ever subscribing and would throw them away as soon as they came in the mail.
They realized it was their mom washing dishes for breakfast.
He drank milk to coat it, and he got better.
Lisa fanned herself with a pretty, Japanese hand fan.
She had gotten a bruise.
There was a creepy woman watching her.
Goat cheese was her least favorite ingredient.
The youngest was born with a liver defect.
He  was performing well in school.
She saw a tired looking mom next to her.
The turtles were his favorite.
He was injured and could not fight anymore.
They haven't received their wedding photos yet.
He got an important call on his cell phone but hit ignore.
After we got there, jumped into the water and then had a picnic on the beach.
He changed and wanted to be a nurse.
It seems like she always has one ear itching.
When he went to the store they were priced just right.
And he was so disgusted by the high amount of calories they ate per day, he decided to eat less.
They were going to camp but will never get nervous again.
She was annoying to everyone around her.
James placed his order in amazon.
They were all recovering alcoholics.
He looked at it then set it back down on her makeup counter.
On the night before, the teacher postponed it due to an emergency.
She pulled out the ingredients to make her favorite sandwich.
When he started to get out of hand, Jason's designated driver took him home.
The problem was, Matt was physically unable to cook due to his disability.
she did not like going to the doctor.
They're a dear couple, who spend a lot of time happily together.
The purse was safe there.
They were first in line for the new ride.
She bought a piece of art.
She couldn't bring herself to confront him about the secret he was keeping.
Unfortunately, he didn't study very hard and he dropped out of school.
It was hard to breathe because of the smoke.
He gave away his old chair.
He loved his job.
He did not want to leave his old bedroom.
She is cooking grilled cheese sandwiches for her family tonight.
She was meeting a blind date and she had arrived after her date.
He worked short hours and made quaity custom furniture.
She didnt like making pasta.
We played for five minutes on a Friday night.
After years of trying, she finally got herself a new car!.
He didn't want to be cold, so he stayed inside.
She died on the spot.
Blake would only buy candy once a month.
Their mom banned them from watching YouTube after they refused to complete chores.
He'd just bet $1000 on a horse race.
They took me in for an eye exam and will never get glasses.
He had a helmsman steering his boat, so Bill could relax in the hold.
But her mom was too poor to buy her one, so she stole one from the store.
They had to rent a moving company to move their furniture.
They didn't really care for each other.
He did not notice the large bugs eating the plants.
She asked her son to carry the gravy over to the table.
Scrabble was his favorite.
She was kind and sweet.
She refuses to wear anything blue.
His team was down by seven runs.
She took a math test, and aced it.
My friend asked if I could show her how.
And it used to make him him feel proud.
Her husband encouraged her to go to school for it.
He spent a few days gathering all the flyers and did not care about getting the kitchen hardware ready.
She wanted to pay her sister on venmo.
All the stores did not have a specific brand i wanted.
They were going to be on the same team.
I was texting and almost hit the car in front of me.
It was steady part-time income, but he was looking for a full-time career in business management.
He didn't retire.
He was taking them to the new swimming pool!.
The movie was cancelled so they drove away.
She always wanted to teach children.
Her doctor scheduled knee surgery since a brace wasn't helping.
He smelled something fresh in the car.
She was scared and predicted hail.
She got a statue for next to her door.
When there she saw Keanu Reeves who will never be on drugs.
They decided to sell things for raising money.
She was signing to her friend Lyanna who was not deaf.
When asked about the pound giving dogs life-saving inoculations she would shrug.
He got so good at it, he could peel a full potatoes in a few seconds but Joe will never agree to a contest.
He enrolled in a kickboxing class.
She would skip breakfast so her mom grounded her.
Her favorite song by David Bowie was his solo stuff.
The camera got a good picture of both of us in the car.
He was getting a posthumous award for sacrificing his life.
Jack sold one of these books to the bookstore for 100 dollars.
One day, he lost his entire life savings at a casino.
He did not know how to drive.
She coughed up blood.
She had a many haters.
The Smiths headed to the fair and had a wonderful time.
It was a new book.
Though her kids were now in boarding school, her work had become very demanding.
I did not let jonathan sit next to the window.
Ben stood in his yard and waved at Larry.
A small squirrel walked across the street.
Unfortunately, she didn't opt in for the GPS tracker.
He went to his desk and read for a while.
Rob's phone died in the middle of the conversation.
Her mother wasn't able to teach her very quickly.
HE was on his way to school.
She was flying to the bahamas in the morning.
I ate the entire burger in less than one minute.
She wanted to start her driving lessons already.
When summer came, there were record-low temperatures.
She saw a pretty cloud in the sky.
He was there for dinner to meet her parents.
We were messing around too much.
He was so nervous that he cancelled it.
I asked for orange juice.
She told them that Evan had a huge crush on her.
He was cold.
Her mom came to get her.
He was staying in a tent to save money.
She couldn't find her keys anywhere.
As she was getting ready to perform in front of the judges, but she puked in front of them.
Her friends took the class with her.
He was always afraid of carnivals, so he avoided those shooting galleries like the plague.
But I didn't.
She junked it and started looking for a new one.
She then started to wax her eyebrows.
The net was lowered over the fish.
It was surprisingly cool.
One day, his mom came home with a cat.
He dreamed of exploring a beautiful city, but could not afford the tickets.
So he went to an oceanography institute for his first year of college.
She asked her mom to make some from. the dried kernerls.
She was good at finding the right people for them to talk to about the pros and cons of the trips.
He found the pace of life extremely slow but at least his husband Jack was with him.
It took a decade for Shawn to get the right parts.
He is having a good day until a car doesn't listen to him and hits a child.
At least they had never had a drought.
My friend said he would teach me, so I headed to his house.
She loved sushi, and was surprised how easy it was to make.
My boss said I was being let go for my attendance.
He was on a beach outside the front entrance.
He got to school early and completed his homework before class.
He thought business cards would help him get the word out.
She finally found one on clearance and bought two.
She has many friends.
She started eating celery sticks for snacks.
When he went to the family reunion, he was surprisingly not the last to finish.
He bought an aquarium but filled it up with the wrong water and the goldfish died.
He decided to go to a game with his friend Tom.
My daughter used to pull my hair.
He loved to watch movies.
She was adopted by a loving, wealthy family.
We filled up the rental car that we borrowed when we arrived in Germany.
Later they told him they changed their mind, and they're not moving after all.
She burned incense.
He joined the Army when she was 18.
She was wearing a red wig to impress men with.
Ice cream was his favorite.
She liked to dance hip hop and ball room dance.
They took their child to the local daycare.
She decided to be a nurse.
So she was out of town during the game.
He placed on online ad for his business website.
He needed chicken to roast.
Someone had a car accident in front of his house.
But then she found a stray cat with a hurt leg.
She entered her kids into them.
He jumped up to block the ball but it hit him in the arm.
We got to see the conductor of the symphony orchestra again several years later.
He smoked weed.
But he realized he was out of cereal.
Amy was very upset when she was not able to switch shifts with a coworker.
He asked a student, Napoleon, to teach him how to fence.
It was the best donut I have ever had.
It started later than usual - 11 in the morning.
Her parents bought her one.
She was going to cook the cheese in the middle of the burgers but there was no cheese left.
He was always muscular and wanted to get bigger.
They decided to eat takeout and play video games.
The customers were nasty to her, so she always hid behind the counter and made her other co-workers deal with them.
It was under 30 degrees outside so they went outside to cool off.
He took a big bite off an apple.
He decided to sign up for a play group.
After today I start a new job.
They finally decided to break up.
The vicar decided to shut down the church for good.
She set it up poorly so there were several holes at the top.
He wrapped up in a fluffy bath robe.
She decided to shop for clothes she liked and decided to stop eating to fit into them.
An ambulance came and picked her up when her contractions started.
Raya didn't see who did it.
He soon realized it was his cousin.
He knew that spring came quick, but got injured from preparing too much.
She finally figured it out.
They were really bored.
It was an action figure!.
He had lots of time, so he worked on one for months.
They were all huge fans of the King.
They planted some flowers in front as a finishing touch.
They demolished it so they could rebuild completely fresh.
They drove to see the famous beaches.
He left it out on my porch and my camera saw who stole it and we reported it to the police.
She did not realize how heavy landscaping bricks were.
She looks up scary stuff.
One was on their deathbed and the other was begging for forgiveness for wasted time.
He bought new weights for his home.
It was inappropriate and canceled after 5 episodes.
Timmy was very lazy and slept the whole time.
When he visited a slaughterhouse he decided to become vegan.
He tried to surprise me by order crab legs.
They got food poisoning on the first day and had to return early.
The dog ran away while he was watching it.
He was only caught for speeding, so the officer let him go.
She started to write but nothing was coming to her.
He bought some new pillows.
He decided to skip the exam.
The company began making a new warship game.
Out of nowhere, a dog ran up beside her.
She learns that auditions for the role are closed.
The twins were too calm and quiet.
He planted lots of cucumbers, but only a few grew.
One day at Walgreen's she bought cooked bacon and ate it immediately.
He got a job in Boston the next year.
On her 16th birthday, she went for a treat.
I saw an email from my boss saying that work was cancelled.
One day he ran into a friend on his usual route.
But they got rid of it when the parents got divorced.
She has a favorite dog.
It didn't harm the bird, which flew away.
We have only one type of tropical tree in our yard.
He is miserable and cold.
He finished his deployment and was sent home.
Today, they had an interview with a local businesswoman.
Tim recently moved in with his girlfriend.
Suzies mom told her yes.
She did not like going for training though.
She was willing to wait until Monday to get it.
There was a lot of work to do, but it was tedious.
The rain started drizzling a bit from the sky but ended quickly.
He put vegetables on it.
He decided to charge it because it was a few days before payday.
His thoughts were he was going to ride it to work to lose weight, but he was unable to fit on the bike.
She grew to become a very successful person and was very well-liked by her friends.
His mom was going to drive him there.
He was sad the had been medically disqualified.
His boss told him he would not get a promotion yet.
I had a crush on her, so I tried to act really nice.
The card was cancelled before he could use it.
I was going to buy sushi there, but I went to a restaurant instead.
There was nothing in the wallet.
He recently got a new bike for his birthday.
Jade didn't want to have to take her sister so she decided not to go.
She decided to give away her toys.
People hated his mental abilities and didn't want him to compete.
I told him my stroke didn't affect my ability to enjoy eating.
He gave me coupons for several items that were on sale.
She opened it and immediately loved the sweater.
They promoted me to employee of the month.
He decided to go to one of the restaurants.
I was so happy and fell asleep right before my first class.
He got home and opened it, and it looked great.
He decided to surprise him.
But he got sick of water and started drinking tea instead.
He hardly has time to say bye to his friends because his new job starts tomorrow.
Luckily, I remembered to put my phone in a safe spot before diving in.
She quit the club and joined a different one that made her feel more included.
She decided to eat soup in her stiff wooden chair.
They were too busy to go out.
She told me she was going to have lunch.
His friends would tease him about his hair so he shaved his head.
So he got a job.
When he got to the dealer he was given a price twice as high.
He used a delivery service to get all the groceries delivered to his door.
His boss entered and promptly fired him.
The friends spent all day going down the slides until they were exhausted and went home.
The painos at the store were too expensive, so I didn't buy one.
Her new class had all of her old friends!.
He had to buy a pole.
He was devastated to find a still had uniforms.
One day she got an idea to create her own herb garden.
She branched into making art from old music sheets and book covers but never did furniture.
He only wanted to sunbathe and avoided the water.
One day it was 14 degrees outside.
I got uncomfortable and left the cafe.
She liked talking to them much more than talking to her coworkers.
They couldnt afford to ride it.
I adjusted the volume and finally got to talk to my friend.
: She suspected she was  eating too much.
She was getting too many customers.
He still had plenty of time to get to work so he was very patient.
I was able to buy all of my school supplies with the money I had saved.
Jaden's mom agreed to do it again this year.
She bought a new canteen.
He played trombone.
It was a present from her mom.
She had to get stitches.
It was sitting in its nest with its' babies.
All his movies were hits.
He was showing her some of his favorite songs on the guitar.
There was a notification that said I had bought three products.
It was a job he gave as little effort as possible.
He learned that his favorite comics was being discontinued.
But her hands were very well cleaned while she was handling the dough.
She bought a car.
When he got there he saw that the house was being rented out.
He was a quick learner with a quick temper and often did things to oppose his teachers.
They are going to see the Grand Canyon.
We went to an amusement park.
She loved talking to everyone in school.
I was a competitive diver so I thought it was silly but said okay.
Somehow she didn't have a southern accent.
She tried a bowl full of lemons but didn't like how they looked.
The next day Nancy borrowed her sister's vehicle.
But she could never light  them because her cats always knocked them over.
She had to be admitted to the hospital for testing.
Ron passed to one of his friends.
He was doing well, but she wasn't.
She failed it.
All the items in the kitchen are gone.
She woke up suddenly and was drenched in sweat and will never sleep peacefully.
They were giving them away free.
It was very sunny.
Her mom had told her about Tinder, and Lina had created a plan.
He recently won the lottery and has a new outlook on luck.
He went to a fast food place and ordered a burger without pickles.
My newest requirement is for a free submarine.
I couldn't sleep so I ordered a new fan online.
One day while cleaning out the closes she found a cat.
He found a hole slashed in it.
He thought there was no such thing as love.
Each player was assigned a jersey number.
He cleans them off religiously every night.
I didn't go to the funeral.
He preferred to rest his head on rolled up blankets instead of pillows.
Her daughter found a few cats abandoned in a barn.
He went to see a therapist near him.
She was excited and cheerful.
Eric disagreed and started a fight with Scott.
I went there to wind down.
Their mom gave them a glass of milk.
He won the jackpot but was unable to claim the winnings because he was not a citizen.
She started training but later switched to swimming.
Then she realized she was out of bread.
She adopted a sweet cat.
One day when he looked in his yellow folder, it was right where it was supposed to be.
The staff said no photos.
She picked it up.
There was an older woman who gave me rides home from school.
He would lose in the school's local spelling bee's with embarrassment.
She was hosting the school's talent show.
Everything in the house was brand spanking new.
The road was wet because of the rain.
They had planned to adopt locally but Yang's situation was dire.
When he entered the hen house he saw it was empty.
They went to a park that had lots of lakes.
The kids at school helped Darcy train and now she's as fast as they are.
He agreed and took it out right away.
A high-profile pop star was caught taking bribes.
There were a lot of rides not working so they decided to leave early.
Shawn goes in the woods with his compass.
She only reads newpaper and online articles.
Suddenly, another kid came over to play with him.
The principal made an announcement about the books.
She called in at work that she could not go.
It felt better after her mom put baking soda paste on it.
He would leave huge piles of clothing on his bathroom floor.
Darryl broke off the engagement just days before the photo shoot.
He taught all of his friends how to do things so they could be tech savvy, too.
When he got an aneurysm, his friends stopped playing with him.
There was a new Thai restaurant opening up in town but the food will always be terrible.
She just found out.
They were leaving on a two week road trip.
She actually hated the idea of being a part of one.
She drove to work for her first day.
He needs groceries and is too busy working to go himself.
When the band started to play, the speakers weren't working so they stopped.
They planned on inviting a small amount of people to compete, and I was asked to shout-cast the tourney.
She looked out the window of her high-rise apartment.
I waited for five minutes before she finally threw it.
Chet's team came out in last place in the league.
Her friend Kim offered to break down the door.
I am actually really sad.
He paid one hundred dollars to enter the big tournament.
They kept it secret from each other because they were embarrassed.
He bought a new pair of shorts for the race.
He decided to go back to his construction job.
She pulled out her couch and discovered cockroaches!.
She had no friends to bring a dish.
She sold her flower business.
Her boyfriend brought her a flower bouquet.
His parents wouldn't let him play.
He did amazing in algebra 1.
He looked all over the yard.
Rita refused to give her a rose bush for Mother's Day.
He decided today was the day to shave off his beard.
He made humorous t shirt designs on his computer but never got them produced.
She was told she had a bad voice.
We were playing poker.
He did not care what others thought about his play.
I have diabetes but the surgery has helped me.
His dad talks him into becoming a surgeon instead.
He felt his line go slack.
He aimed for the target and got a bullseye.
And people told him that he was wasting his time so he quit.
His house had caught fire while he was gone.
I broke my Charlie Brown Christmas set last year, so I will have to do something different.
Paint was their favorite medium.
Only the dad was good at it but they still had fun.
He spent hours perfecting his technique and only showed his tricks to his single Mom.
When she brought her shirt home, she was happy with it.
He always played on the corner by my house.
John introduced his girlfriend to his friend Rudy.
She forgot to count the calories she ate.
She invited thirty of both their closes friends and family but no one came.
While opening the sleeve, he noticed it was like new.
His mom decided to get him a video gam.
She asked the child to stop and he did.
Alec chickened out.
He is giving his old house to his sister.
I finally had enough and decided to schedule a appointment with a dietitian.
He likes playing  with mud.
They played every one for themselves, no teams.
She noticed she never gained weight either.
Dinnertime was approaching so Kenneth ordered a pizza to his hotel.
Her friends surprised her with a party.
A blade cut his hand.
His friend told him that he did not have money for the bill.
Cay didn't catch anything.
After looking without success for 15 minutes, he drove back home.
He was building a car.
He found out that everything but the most economical tickets were sold out.
Her parents supported her passion.
Her obedient children followed her rules at all times.
They were trying to make money to purchase a tour bus.
They told really scary ghost stories that were based on true events.
No one won.
His mom liked for him to have studio groups.
Once she got a terrible fortune.
She hated summer.
He walked to the telephone to make a phone call.
She was eating delicious shrimp with crunchy noodles.
He went to his cousin to talk about it.
Jon brought it to the science fair but no one went to see his project.
She learned that she had entomophobia.
There was a bank security guard talking to me.
As I was withdrawing money a cat came up to me.
They decided to just stay renters so they can move around often.
We got couples massages and ate breakfast at a local diner all weekend.
She saw a monkey and became afraid since she didn't like monkeys.
He wanted to put the same wallpaper up in the dining room.
He hated the show but it was Finns favorite.
She decided to try doing stand up at a local open mic but ended up chickening out.
She realized she didn't have any sugar left.
It just stopped raining so it was a perfect time for his family to go out.
Ryan put on a play for his family.
The device did not work.
I had already read the book and was very bored.
His was given his mother's car.
His wife was upset they were not going to the beach.
Her class revolved around the creation of digital art on a computer.
He drove.
Practice was hard but worth it for her.
I lost it when someone hit my car.
She got her dinner and ate it slowly.
He asked them if they would be willing to swap with him.
She called and wasn't coming to babysit.
He mentioned the supplies we needed, including a math software and mother will never allow me to borrow money.
Because she wasn't at fault, she didn't have to pay any expenses.
They've never got to play each other.
As she knew it bothered her mom, she stopped to buy chocolates.
He had no ingredients at home, so he bought one from the store instead.
One morning, he quit.
She would adventure all around the yard, exploring every crook.
He asked for directions.
The man walked to the counter and politely presented a check.
Although she got a A on the final exam.
He looked into the ocean and saw many excellent waves.
A bulldozer came and knocked it down.
He ended up failing the test like he knew he would.
He was making a regular burger for a customer.
Even with studying, he failed his math class.
They decided to go bowling.
My parents never gave in.
Gabe was in charge.
As soon as she realized she was gone, she phoned the police.
They would never come up to see us.
She hadn't bought any shorts.
He didnt have a waterpark nearby.
The cat never sneaked outside even if nobody was looking.
We were swinging as high as we could but refused to jump off.
SHe got into an accident.
The real estate owner had changed my apartment lock because my lease ended.
He brought over some cheese for a friend who was hosting a party.
She was a natural and made almost every shot.
She did not get upset when it would rain and still went walking in her rain gear.
No one saw anything.
His wife coordinated the potluck menu with the members.
She put on a brave face, but was secretly terrified.
The poster was covered with pins and labels but he will never book a trip.
SHe swore never to get one.
His team wasn't very good so they always lost.
She purchased an online Spanish program.
I took my parking permit with me but saw that the parking office was closed.
He could make almost every horse calm except this one stallion.
And one joked that he should start a restaurant.
They were friends through a bridge club.
Out of the 10 people she invited, only two could come.
She walked over to see what the strange thing on the floor was.
Soon, a squirrel moved in!.
Lou was tired and needed to go inside and rest for a bit.
She saw they were out of any kind of usable powder.
He went on an abandoned roar hoping to go very fast.
So he decided to order something to eat.
She stayed at home all day now.
We went to the beach.
She didn't want to take a break.
She would pretend to be a normal person while growing up, and dreamed of walking alone without being noticed.
The parade ended being cancelled and the kids were sad.
SHe had perfect eyesight.
His mom started to pack only vegetables because he was getting fat.
She will never have enough money to go though.
There were homeless people who lived there.
He thought it was haunted.
John almost hit someone.
She got easter baskets.
She noticed a horse running.
He did very well on the first exam despite his anxiety issues.
First I threw out the garbage.
She wasn't sure who to give a raise to, so she started evaluating and Crosby got the raise.
Lindsay told her mother that her daughter needed clothes for the school dance.
It was her first job with short hours.
She did not have insurance, and had to take her car to the shop.
He was praising his work while talking to his mom.
The tv viewers were not interested in it at all.
She was going to make mimosas for brunch the next day.
They spent the summer caring for Alice's mother.
She never wandered around alone at night.
She got a walker to help her shop at the grocery store.
She hoped to not join a team as she was shy.
He gave it to the teacher when he was walking in class.
Shelia was excited about it because she'd heard the teacher was awesome.
She tried to quit cold turkey and managed to stop successfully.
The lunch hour was slow with no customers.
He put in applications at all the gas stations and stores.
He didn't love her.
She was going to be a bridesmaid in the wedding.
He wrecked his car into a large tree.
It ended up being pretty easy.
He put up a hanging basket.
He had worn them all through pre-school.
She noticed that she had something in her mouth and it was only a squirrel.
John decided he did not like his life the way it was.
She wanted a haircut for her school photo.
Alice was starting to take after her father.
Many shingles got blown off of her roof, but she fixed them herself.
I built a strong barbed wire fence around them to protect from scavengers.
He was making good time, then he arrived at work and got changed.
She wanted the color orange.
He went to visit his parents.
He's a sixteen year old boy who is part of the music group I lead.
He stayed in the bathroom cleaning the walls.
A pretty purple package caught her eye, and inside was a new iPhone!.
She sleeps with her night light on until she gets over the dark by herself.
She wanted to get a nice pair of shorts.
He bought a pool for his new backyard but didn't enough to buy a grill.
He decided to get a new hobby and bought a bike.
He finally shot at one when it crossed his sight.
His parents wanted him to go to daycare.
It rained all day on the day Jean was supposed to go.
He was failing his class.
He was serving fries.
Joe was a normal person.
One day she was approached at lunch by one of her good friends.
Towards the end there were no inclines.
He developed a plan to include more supplements in his diet.
His friend tried to apologize for beating him up but he declined.
The food was cheap there for her.
then hiked back down to the bottom.
He bought it and restored it.
She could not find any furry blanket.
She stopped eating bread.
She got a hearing aid after someone told her to stop yelling and finally she started making friends.
Their son was so hyperactive.
When I arrived they did not have an appointment for me.
She was worried about making a bad grade since she had failed to study at all.
One day I dropped off a book, but did not take one.
He had recently started taking melatonin.
Then she got burned and went in the house and took a nap.
Her daughter was wanting Crocs for summer.
Tim wanted to avoid the monkeys.
He bought a new fishing pole.
A truck was driving away from her.
He was tall and strong so he was accepted right away.
The only wrapping she used were large, beautiful ribbons.
He had just painted one of the walls outside his house.
It was an expensive, well-made puzzle.
Her parents pulled her out of the class one week.
She got up early and went right to work cleaning.
It was for animals that were homeless.
I made the best darn Dagwood sandwich with it and I kissed my wife.
One morning he was sitting there when a baseball flew by.
They were scared off the track by a wandering homeless man as they got ready.
We get them a lot, so I am prepared.
He had no money, but still visited a famous candy store when he was in New York.
The monkey bars were her favorite.
She was careful not to get any burns.
John spent all his spare time reading.
The other cowboys never made fun of him.
Her cheap, middling couch would be delivered later that day.
This had no immediate effect on me.
They went down to the diner to eat.
She makes it to her house and sits down in front of the television.
She looked everywhere and finally found them in her bedroom.
She was in college.
Another player intercepted him.
It was too good to be trie and it did not work out.
It was made out of flour and borax.
The neighbors came and asked if they could hang out with me.
They came from Spain.
She turned on the heat.
I am excited he will be gone the entire day.
She is very mean to everyone around her.
Monica loved the sneakers, and started wearing them immediately but will never have a dog.
He noticed a man approach him.
She has been taking ballerina lessons since the age of four.
The day was short.
She won a free ticket to her favorite music artist.
And took it home.
He had a dirty uniform though.
They saw some koi fish swimming through the water.
He was also happily divorced.
The teachers watched the fight.
He finished and went to the airport to catch his flight home.
Unfortunately, it was not nearly enough.
Because his family was wealthy they bought Max the bike.
One day I was walking to work.
We took the train there and stayed for a day.
He was tired from walking with a heavy water bottle.
She realized she didn't have the time to make it properly so she changed made an omelette instead.
He wanted to sell ice cream at a kiosk in the mall.
He didnt make it.
The family decided to buy a birthday brownie for him.
Their prize was two new mountain bikes.
And he knew people wanted him to stay fat forever.
One day she realized it was a fake.
She needed to have a monster that was truly adorable instead.
He researched the construction plans online one weekend.
And he had an easy time getting a job.
A young boy gave a Ladoo, a sweet, to his brother.
Ironically, she doesn't like having a clear path to follow.
They went and bought a swing set together.
He made friends with the bullies.
She wanted to discuss epistemology with professors only.
We looked at a lot of houses but didn't connect with any of them so we decided not to move.
No one remembered.
Grandma babysits her, so she does not interact with other children.
On his way, he saw his friend entered a coffee shop.
It was a lemon, and it wouldn't run.
She broke up with him since she had feelings for another man, and Ben took it very well.
She never spoke to him again.
I wasn't nervous asking her out.
Growing up, she was not allowed at the fire station.
She tried to nail a great play but will never get a goal.
He wanted to help his own church.
Her work was a labor of love, and she did it until she retired.
I couldn't transfer my files because iTunes made it impossible so I stayed with iTunes.
She sold her old one.
Her cousin said she had a normal feeling about it.
He and his wife are chronically depressed.
His son was really into the story.
The pig was frail and didn't survive longer than a day.
She then orderd a burger for the boy while she ate her hotdog.
Today my daughter dropped by to say hello.
His customers all turned on him after he was convicted of fraud.
They played in the attic.
We had so much fun together singing and dancing at the party.
She was so excited to show up her rivals.
Her parents took her Saturday and she got sick after the first ride and went home.
She told her parents that she would be running a little late.
I decided to make a backup on my computer.
She wanted a burger.
But he was fast, tall and lanky, so he joined the basketball team.
She said I could either have new games or a lamp.
It is chocolate ice cream loaded with chocolate candy and cookies.
His dad encouraged him to do it.
His bat was broken.
Their dad had just died.
His clothes were all loaded into the moving truck.
She left early to hang out with her boyfriend.
A motorcycle approached him from the other side.
His short term memory has been never been better.
My friends didn't like it.
I don't know anyone there.
She became a duo with a girl as a guitar player.
The only issue was his shoes and he could barely run.
He couldn't deal with his team losing the game so he quit.
She did not get a part.
The cat did its business in the grass in the park.
Every chance she got, she rode her horse Genie.
The battery in his remote was new.
She was excited.
She studied very hard for three years but dropped out.
He dared Anna to do the planking challenge.
Her husband had been eating a lot lately.
His proud dad surprised him with a new Mustang for his birthday.
Once while on a dig Daniel found a large dinosaur bone.
She wanted to go to bed.
Staring at the cars passing by outside.
He found a local dojo to attend but will never finish his first karate class.
Her worst part of the class was being called out to demonstrate a move.
She watched a lot of FrenchTV after school to learn the language.
She liked going alone and really concentrating on the film.
Allie did not laugh super hard throug the entire show.
Her best friend Peter wanted to go mountain climbing too.
I ended up not even having to go since I still had some PTO left over.
He shook the tree.
He had never played before.
There were rocks when he moved there.
And he really wanted something to eat.
She had never been in the water and refused to go in until Paul pushed her in.
He looked out his window and saw a thunderstorm.
Summer was her favorite!.
They had just won their game.
She bought fireworks.
He ordered snacks at the movie.
She went to the internet to research other options.
She had no luck finding anything that day.
Britney's favorite exhibit was the insect room.
My mom said that I was still grounded.
She enjoyed the loud music a lot.
He had a collection of them and they were all working properly.
She really wanted a special edition of her favorite coffee.
He was feeling very nervous when he walked in, and everyone was mean.
She told him he was cancer free.
The only common thing they liked to view was horror but will never watch Stranger Things.
Rudy was terrified of the woods and would never go into them.
They only took his records.
Unfortunately, I did not get the car's registration plate before they drove off.
He was evicted by his landlord after he quit his job.
He realized he missed work because of a bad hangover but will never get fired.
She signed up for boxing.
Fireworks were happening in the city's center.
Someone drove straight past Jake's car.
One day the power went out in the neighborhood.
The party was held at the local banquet hall.
I shipped it this morning.
Afterwards we went to the movies.
He deliberately turned down other women's requests to dance with him.
She really wanted to stay at home.
One night she began talking in her sleep.
She wanted pictures of skyscrapers near her apartment.
He backed into it while pulling out.
They joined the chess club at school.
I saw some cat eyes looking at me.
It had chicken in it.
They  were playing Call of Duty online.
He doesn't talk to the concierges a lot.
She had ADHD and was always too fidgety to focus on prayer.
He started seeing a lot of roaches in his new house.
He was running down the hallway.
She loved to dance in it and it drove her mother crazy.
He really like the look of red paint.
Theresa ate tortilla chips.
He got a job as an accountant to pay for his weekend fishing trips.
He enjoyed serving people for one dollar a cup.
Unsurprisingly, they gave birth to a baby boy with brown eyes.
Everything was right and she chose one.
My niece was going to take a video but her phone died.
But she didn't have enough money.
Tina ordered three for herself.
Robin wanted to listen to Ted's stories.
His dog was old.
I was awakened from my bed right in the middle of it.
A man was stranded on the side of the road with woman troubles.
She copied files over.
She was from Moscow, Russia.
She broke her foot.
She coupons every week to get the best deals on her purchases.
He wouldn't tell me what he was laughing about.
She was excited about the change of scenery.
He sometimes forgets to take his dog outside, but the dog miraculously finds its way outside anyway.
They went for a bicycle ride.
Zeke nearly fell down on his elbow.
It is a feeding tube since he is currently unable to eat following a broken jaw.
The weather was perfect and she was having a great time.
It was a boring trip.
He exchanged them for new toys.
It was complicated and he died.
He often stared at plants and leaves under a magnifying glass.
So she called him and he answered.
He had flown many times, and was relaxed on the way to the airport.
She got a tattoo.
One of his favorite teachers was Mr. Harris, the science teacher.
She couldn't stop thinking about how warm she was.
He loved to visit his grandma.
So I told my friends I would meet them in the long path.
She bought an easel and started to paint things.
He was a couple hours away from the start of his job.
She was 30.
He was walking to his next terminal as he ate a bagel.
It was a speed game, and the match ended quickly.
She rode a pony.
Brenda scored a three strikes but will never get pizza that day.
One year it rained four inches.
Jimmy needed a new computer so he went to Best Buy and bought one and took it home.
He took his team to the championships.
The bouncer liked George's outfit and immediately allowed him to enter.
He mixed up the order, and the dirt wasn't delivered.
He got a lift to his job for the day.
He walked the neighbor lady's dog Spike one day.
I warned her that good weather was coming.
Since then it's been a really interesting journey of dating lots of different girls.
One day, I accidentally hit a car head on while I was texting.
I saved my money and bought her favorite scent.
Their plane was being delayed.
A storm rolled in over the lake and they had to leave.
One day only my friend was able to drive me on the flooded street.
The kitchen caught on fire and they were forced to leave.
He saw a kitten there waiting for him.
The judges knew not to choose Andrew as the best.
Today was her first day of math class.
He thought it would be a horrible time.
This made her eligible to drink alcohol in germany.
He and his wife got along splendidly until his death.
He got lost in the woods.
She farmed crops.
She works at their library and her employer does nothing fun for their employees.
Clem was a nice guy.
His trainer left him in his cage.
They said that they didn't need anymore workers to work in a warehouse and thanked.
He'd broken a femur.
To play a joke on him, they got him a Hispanic assistant.
She went to the shelter and found the perfect girl kitten.
The next step required one cup of flour.
He was friendly and only ate honey, and some fish all by himself.
There was a monkey swinging from the trees.
She ordered her usual iced latte from the barista but will never be thankful.
She rolled out of bed and turned the air on.
He dragged crates of paving stones into the back yard.
We were at school when he told me.
She wanted one, and she went out and bought it.
Everyone else is better than me.
They dated for 3 years and then got married and they will never file for divorce.
He started looking for apartments but could not find a single one near school.
At this party, I wanted the theme to be video games.
The dog was faster than the rabbit.
He was the star player on the team.
She was awaiting the arrival of her mom.
He got into a wreck.
Terry used lifting straps so he wouldn't risk hurting his back.
They were going to attack his big brother and his friends with them.
It had very specific details on where to find a treasure chest.
I went to a park by myself.
Her mother was too busy to help.
She was last seen taking a walk in the store that evening.
She studies on the day of the test.
She was on the phone playing a video game.
He fixed it over the weekend.
She hated how loud it was.
It was cool to see the ball coming out of nowhere and it always made it over.
He was having a quiet family celebration for his daughter's graduation.
Bailey and his friends were not inside.
She is very experienced, and decides to go without anyone this year.
She was in a coma the whole time.
She found it in her gym bag.
Todd clipped them before he could scratch the wood floors.
Mrs. Johnson ordered steak while her husband ordered chicken alfredo.
The son tripped and fell.
I had a stroke in 2011 but managed to be able to walk normally.
When she awoke she ate breakfast, and walked home.
When we would go to the lawn a dog would come up to her.
They decided to walk to the grocery store to get a candy bar.
The cop told him he was under arrest.
He wanted to take archery classes and managed to get in.
He came out as gay on his 15th birthday.
She then noticed her father at the door.
He loved it.
He mentioned he had a broken foot.
A new student just challenged John to a race but John beat him.
He is afraid of the big rides and sticks with the simulated ones.
It was open, so she bought a new book.
Even though she wasn't a favorite she surprised everyone and won!.
I had landed on my feet safely after jumping from my fence.
It was the artists first tattoo ever.
One day their Xbox stopped working.
I knock on the door, hoping that she will let me watch TV with her.
He tried to take the balloon for a walk but it popped the instant he touched it.
Yesterday her girlfriends took her to a church.
He ended up being the star player at this game.
It had a big problem.
He was a good kid.
She was not afraid at all.
He was the best diver at the meet today and celebrated with a slice of cake.
They were driving to New York.
He noticed a brand new she in the corner of the yard.
She was terrible nervous and had not been doing well in class.
He won many awards playing tennis for his college.
They went to the downtown area.
When his camera needed repairs, he steals a friend's camera.
She read one book in five days.
She picked out a few ingredients and checked out at the self-checkout.
Her parents told her she could stay at home.
Susie would not stay in her seat.
Ted's boss fired him after Ted came in to work hungover.
When he got in, my mother said hello to him in French.
He did not appear one day and they saw in the paper he was in jail.
She was very sad.
When she went to a hot dog stand, she asked for something new.
His brother took care of it.
He played his favorite songs on his phone to pass the time.
And Mark was secretly planning to propose marriage to her.
It was a joke book about being a mother.
He needed his eyes checked.
He had a lot of laundry to do.
He could not find his power cord so left his phone.
John was too shy to sing in front of large groups.
Anna was grateful she landed in a pile of hay with no injuries.
This was her first car.
They all got wasted and then partied all night.
She spent all her money with Tamora collecting more cards.
She had told Ryan what the meat was.
He forgot to bring a flashlight down there to help him see.
She never won anything.
He moved out when it became to expensive to keep up.
We are new parents and she just doesn't have time to sleep.
He dropped his cone.
My wife was trying to get her friend to drink again tonight.
Sally was waiting with the 50 cents her mother gave her.
His mom lost her key.
They convinced the mom to buy them spaghetti.
They were told they could stay out however long they wanted.
He loved the edge caffeine gave him.
He went to the bathroom.
He noticed lots of rodents on his vegetables.
His parents refused to host the party for him.
She was terrible at it but loved it just the same.
They swam in the river.
Cindy filed for a divorce.
She was not lonely because her husband was there.
He was happy that he had plenty of money to spend.
She was very annoyed doing it.
She was nervous.
She decided that it was time to make a big change.
He was excited to see the characters from his shows.
A nice woman came along and adopted the lost chicken.
A few moments someone else comes back to the table and calls my name.
A woman was in the store with a tall man.
She ended up loving boot camp.
When she realized she didn't have celery for her stew, she borrowed some from a neighbor.
Dan served it to his teammate.
Her children loved taking care of her.
She just wanted to sit by the edge of the pool and the hair style will never get ruined.
He was under contract for several more years with his current team.
The dog listened perfectly to her commands.
It was a very young puppy that she got a few months ago.
Whenever I would eat meat, the pain would get unbearable.
She decided to take courses in the summer and really took it seriously for the first time.
Bobby threw the ball to Dean and he caught it smoothly.
And he carried a knife with him.
She went and bought a brand new sewing machine.
He drove his car to a park.
Her family was very proud of her for it.
She had a big net and caught a butterfly.
SHe was pulling weeds.
She was confident because she saw her neighbor.
She forgot all the items needed for s'mores.
Shawn starts feeling hyper.
They played Monopoly.
John had unfortunately torn his ACL and wouldn't be able to try out.
He had been set up by his friend John.
But she noticed she was losing a lot of weight.
She did not have friends and was nervous.
He couldnt afford anything there.
He had money.
He usually picked up the paper on his way home from work.
She saw a squirrel eating a nut.
He tried gave up living his best life.
She wouldn't let them have any electronics.
She looked beautiful before she ran away.
One day he brought home 24 oysters that had become rancid.
It was dark but they weren't scared.
Suddenly it began to smoke.
The doctor quickly popped it back into place.
He was visiting her house for the first time.
But she was a bit messy.
She wanted to watch her favorite movie.
The dog food he had been giving him was deadly!.
He went to the school, and saw a video.
The man behind the counter sluggishly bagged two donuts.
All of a sudden, his dog pulled on the leash but the dog will never hump a leg.
Some of them wanted to go to a movies.
Every day he did math problems but still didn't make it to the team.
When he picked It up, the screen was working.
They were both tired and stayed on floats.
I finally purchased a subscription so that I could listen without ads.
She fell off the board.
He works a lot and will never go to the hospital.
Suddenly, his entire house collapsed on David.
She had been searching but couldn't find the right one and will never find one.
A hurricane came through and leveled the shop.
They received visitors in the morning.
He's not religious, so his talk was just to do it in private.
It was a lot of work but she did not want to buy it in a jar but will never follow her mom's recipe.
I wished I could work on the beach, but I had an office job in downtown.
Her grades still remained good though.
They had a spare key.
When he returned, the room smelled of cheap perfume.
She took the day off to go.
She got measles and died.
He started doing dozens of squats every day.
He needed a new outfit.
She washed it instead, and it turned out just fine.
She photographed landscapes.
The dog killed the fox.
Her brother picked her up 10 minutes late but she made it.
Unfortunately, I have developed diabetes and my doctor says no ice cream for me this summer.
She decided to skip her diet this year and eat a little non vegan but would take the time to try and educate her family about veganism.
He was developing new programming for game consoles.
Swimming was his worst sport.
She put on her clothes and shoes then out the door she went to the cafe to meet him.
He wanted to win a new car.
He used to own two cats.
He turned his computer off when he beat the game.
He works far too much for very little pay.
And the first step in driving was learning to drive from her mom.
They told me about a website called Google.
When he was a boy he always said he wanted to sell cars.
She ended up being one of the worst players out of everyone who tried out.
Having been promoted at her day job, she had no time to do so.
He was a manager who got along with his staff.
It was rather gross so I wore thick gloves.
They sprayed it all over the kitchen.
She was tired and falling asleep in her chair.
She wore a full wet suit so she could not get stung or bitten.
Luke did such a good job at the fry station, he was promoted to the front line.
Her terrible vacation was coming to an end.
And he hated his job but will never quit his job.
We played chess together.
It dropped out of his pocket and landed on a super soft mattress.
This didn't go on very long.
He decided that he would learn karate for real and enter a tournament.
I accepted his friend request on Facebook, thinking nothing of it but I will never have a boyfriend.
She went to a natural history museum to learn about dinosaurs.
He said that Steve was being fired.
He had walked about a mile and the weather was beautiful.
No one was swimming today.
So he decided to go to a class and attend a fun lab.
My wife didn't know how to cook them.
She pulled up her light-blocking window shades.
Luckily, she didn't sustain any injuries.
He was the best singer at the bar.
When she left the store, she realized she hadn't paid for the garlic but decided not to go back.
He was cold from running in the snow.
I got a cookie.
They were skipping and holding hands.
He was going to a play.
This meant a lot for him but he was too dumb to care and study.
They bought a large drink for them all to split.
A new gourmet restaurant had opened up down the street from their home.
She was too loud though.
He had a rare condition where he was allergic to water.
After bringing it home, he found it out that it was a cello.
The used car they bought was old and Rusty.
He had them outside so the house wouldn't get wrecked.
She was told not to save some for later.
He devoured the candy bar he had just purchased at the store.
Lately she was interested in this hobby.
She loved to dance.
Nick decided they should adopt a pet together.
They went to the park.
She only chews it when she is awake.
He particularly feared Mondays and hated quantities that summed to 3 or 13.
They talked about it and agreed to confess.
She noticed a hot dog vendor at the park.
He made a sandwich.
She noticed that he started to turn red and he stopped breathing.
She had an amazing time and is looking forward to returning next year.
Their mom told them to stop yelling at each other and stopped fighting.
It began to catch eyes of ladies.
I placed my card inside of the machine and successfully received my withdraw and my card back.
She was mad.
He saddled the horses for the cowboys and dressed as a clown.
When their sofa arrived it fit.
He was looking for a tea pot but instead got a gift card.
They went to the aquarium to see the star fish.
Unfortunately, the tour was cancelled so he wouldn't get to see them.
I had a big test.
His parents have decided to home school him and his mother will be his teacher.
They hired a psychic for their girls night and will never admit the psychic is a fraud.
I was a waterboy.
She always had a candle lit next to her but will never choose a pumpkin candle.
She bought some toy cars and played with them.
He went to the store to get juice.
She became hopeless and depressed after failing to find a personal trainer that would work with her.
He wore the new pants to church.
Because of a recent injury, he doesn't have to serve on the front lines.
She took up sculpting.
It was her dog playing in the tub.
One day he met a young girl named Alanna.
When they were older they realized they wanted to be closer.
Fortunately fifteen printers were removed within three months, causing her less work.
As the months went on, he became more and more confident.
My daughter looks forward to it.
They pulled some sand out and threw it at eachother.
He had service for the last two months.
He was on a ski trip in Colorado.
Someone was breaking in to her house.
A man came up and asked her out to lunch.
I got drunk one evening with my doctor.
She loved taking the stairs every day.
He loved to bake.
She bought a nice and wonderful new table.
She grabbed a paper towel and squashed the bug.
The child had been bullying a friend of hers.
She practiced for a few weeks but ended up quitting after never getting to compete.
He had court in the morning and the judge gave a lite sentence.
As a single woman, she wanted to learn how to do it on her own.
She was not excited to move and downside.
So he went to the skate park and started practicing.
She let her students get away with everything because she was too lazy to punish them.
One day he awoke and decided not to go.
Once he got the hang of it, he loved driving and did it as much as he could.
Clark was sick and disappointed he would not be performing.
She got help from a tax prepared because it was confusing.
He needed a new car.
However some ants got all over their picnic blanket.
She knew he needed better golf clubs.
One day he was offered a job at a comedy club.
One day they were very noisy and she confronted them, they punched her in the face.
There is a Dental office in my town, with highly trained dentists.
She loved playing paintball and weirdly liked getting pelted by the paintballs.
Tim took a seat in the cafeteria and reached into his lunchbox and will eat everything in the lunchbox.
She just bought a new indoor flower that has become her baby.
He retired from being a chef after burning his face while he was cooking.
Their dad takes care of them everyday because their mom works full time.
It was a bird.
She had a figurine that was very special to her but will never dust it.
He met a man on tinder and arranged a date.
He had only a few things in his house.
She bought a new pair of tap shoes for the occasion.
They decided to elope so they didn't have a formal wedding.
SHe was vegan.
She was outside and the pollen was irritating her allergies.
It was a freezing, snowy winter day.
His customer wanted him to straighten her hair.
He bought a DVD and followed it for a few days until quitting pretty quickly.
She couldn't find any dresses she could zip up so she headed out to the gym.
Her parents allowed her to go.
Every year she spent weeks looking for the perfect costume.
I didnt have an answer.
On their sixth anniversary Josh broke up with Emily.
So little by little, he began working harder at them.
I didn't have enough money for spaghetti so I dined and dashed.
He really enjoys working there.
Betty gave the cat some natural medicine and it got much better.
She was the star performer.
I told her that I wanted home made pasta.
She knew she could not make it for herself cheaper.
She so much of it for her birthday she was now sick of it.
He told work friends that his son hold a 1000$ painting.
Then we went to sleep - earlier than usual.
But something happened and they couldn't do it.
Even her large quilt wasn't keeping her warm and will never become warm again.
The referee handed Joe the ball.
Mrs Cellar went out and bought a trampoline for them to jump out to, but there was no formal written plan.
Recently they decided they were going to get married.
Her friends never tried to introduce her to new people.
I was going to the library to check out a book.
When the day arrived he woke up feeling very sick.
She needed to get her dress tailored.
We stayed up all night.
She enjoyed reporting on teacher's gossip and no one liked her.
I decided I would try to bake a chocolate cake.
She was telling him how to paint the bathroom.
Marion was working when two men came in but will never call the police.
He told a funny story around the fire.
I made many friends and even saw some of them in person.
He was in charge of renovating a guest house.
Everyone liked misses Frizzle and was sad when she had to quit.
Jeffrey's brother was ignoring him.
She spent all her money on Barbie dolls and was out of allowance money.
He was looking for the perfect tv.
We got estimates and it was inexpensive.
It was a speeding motorcycle.
I went swimming and got my leg bitten off by a shark.
She decided to go by ship.
Joe declined because he didn't want to work.
But this year the beach was closed for conservation.
He was bad at science so he played sick.
She could not identify one single show she really liked more than others.
She was hosting a picnic and wanted everything to look casual.
Kelly was afraid of the dark.
Some of her plants got trampled by her cats.
It was their first vacation since having kids.
I called my friend to ask her what happened but she couldn't remember.
After years of dreaming he finally few one.
She already has so much homework from her other classes.
He decided to make a billboard about his plumbing skill.
During the Olympics, he won third place.
His dog had just passed away and he felt lonely, but he could not find a new puppy he liked.
Her dentist said it was just a small cavity.
Fred was banned from MMA after it was discovered he beat his wife.
She couldn't get tickets to the Olympic events!.
She got a phone call so she took the noodles off the burner.
She went to the ice cream shop next door and had a smoothie.
He hit the ball straight into another boy.
When they announced open auditions, she was thrilled to tryout but was denied.
So he drank from the tap.
He studied some articles about bacteria in journals.
She only had to hid 50 eggs.
He doesn't like immigrants from the Middle East and knows a lot about the Quran.
They were constantly changing their home and improving it.
I write a story on a fanfiction website.
She knew what to do.
She practiced day in and day out on her ballet routine.
My sister went into the bedroom.
Sal was selling his cds.
I decided to order food for delivery.
But as he got older, his aspirations became stronger.
She bought slippers so she would be warm on any surface.
He wandered upon a group of monkeys.
I was able to revive it and get it to work again.
Then she ducked low to avoid hitting a bird.
They went to Costa Rica.
Susie wasn't very excited about it.
She got all ready for the road trip.
He groom stood her up.
They finally decided on an 90's themed prom.
He went to pick it up and realized the feather was attached to a hurt eagle.
I couldn't laugh because my mouth was full.
She was at her first doctor's appointment perusing magazines but did not find anything worthwhile before she was called in.
They had just left Mary's funeral.
He decided to go in early.
Over the course of a few years he was still not a very good bowler.
Suddenly he hears something.
The carpets had just been installed the day before.
He was happy because he answered and spelled most of the words correctly.
She loves sharks.
He had to move all of his stuff with only his sedan.
She saved a kid from drowning.
She loved it very much and took it with her everywhere until it popped from a pin.
She had to gain weight for a fashion show.
He was trying to set him up with Julie.
It was cut short by a severe snowstorm, so he drove home.
She was annoyed with them.
He was trying to impress an exchange student.
She started training him to fetch a stick but he was doing awful.
He wasn't careful not to drop them as he carried them back to the car.
Running late she had to buy a dessert at the store for the potluck.
She hated living there because she had no freedom, but decided to stay in order to save money.
She fell asleep.
Sure, the cleaning that Spring normally inspires definitely came.
The interstate goes over a river.
And he had an A in the class.
She told me that my mother-in-law was in the hospital.
She had an easy time making friends at school.
They were talking about making a meal.
Tim did not work hard at packing the items and eventually got fired.
She did aerobics daily and her muscles grew strong and showed off her biceps.
The teacher was good at engaging the students and making history come to life.
They saw the homeless shelter.
She hated it a lot.
They decided to have an open relationship.
So she didn't.
His mom was making cookies.
His barbecue sauce tasted great to him, but terrible to his office co-workers.
The mime was just getting wrapped up and Walter missed the mime's show.
They were told that the routine would be completely different from what they practiced.
She bet 1 dollar on the worst odds horse.
She needed to ride a taxi to work.
It was too late and all the stores were closed.
I made it back there just in time.
She decided to go to the petstore and buy something other than fish.
One day, she was hired as a tour guide in an art gallery.
Matthew saw all the downed powerlines toppled by the storm.
She went to the animal shelter to look for one.
I wanted my friend to know I was honest.
Her mother bought her two toys and they headed home.
She spotted a turned on empty car.
One day, his mom was gone and he decided to kill his stepfather.
This was very informative and useful.
One night she fought her mom to stay up later but she will never be grumpy again.
She wanted a big bouquet of flowers to put in it.
He is very organized and takes care of all the equipment in the gym.
For a month now I've been taking vitamins to help fill up my memory again.
After making a wide turn, he successfully turns on the street safely and makes it to his destination.
She invited her boyfriend over and watched their favorite movie.
She only had to wait 1 hour until a repair man would come.
But then they received wonderful news.
Bobby's teacher gave him problems to practice with but he refused to work on them.
No one ended up coming to the party and Casey was devastated.
The flight was going smoothly.
She did not feel scared.
Every summer, he works part time as an event photographer.
John went to the playground with his friends.
Her dad took her out for dinner and bought her several clothes.
He was afraid of knowing how to skateboard.
Finally, he sat down in his seat.
He preferred warm weather.
She was needing money to pay bills.
At one point, she left the beach before the ocean pulled back hundreds of feet from the beach.
She called in sick.
They took all of the bushes out.
Everyone said it was great and he was excited to play.
Sandra's son pays for her phone bill.
The kids were disappointed when he handed the tiny bars over.
He always used canned goods that were out of date.
The blue team's coach called a timeout and conceded the game.
Their mom took them to the arcade.
She was eating meat when she said she was vegan.
They set up a picnic table in the sand but sand will never fly into my food.
She decided to go to Spain.
She doesn't like volunteering, so she avoids helping at the library.
They could ride a camel for $1 but will never pat it.
My nephew had a cat before the child was born.
He gives the peasants work and takes care of them.
She always made sure to get the window seat, to slowly overcome her fear.
One day walking home from work, a man offered her a lift.
One day she was going to find a stray and take it in.
Her art teacher was thrilled, and others were amused.
He had terrible grades and knew he wouldn't get in.
Because of me, they were able to visit the museum several times in 2015.
Nancy used her own crayons.
The person did so horribly Tina kicked her out after 5 minutes.
He found a good job right away.
His friends all bought him a deck of cards as gifts.
He parked his bicycle in the sand.
He grew up playing sports but didn't want to make it a profession.
I ran to the stall at work, and luckily found enough toilet paper.
He didn't drink any milk before he fell asleep.
They decided they wanted to play tag.
He had fun that night.
He felt out of it that day and chose not to drink anything.
She loved to clean with bleach.
She was a sweet girl.
I slacked on packing all of my things into my car.
Even though she's not really good at cooking.
We couldn't find one on Doordash, so we checked on Uber Eats.
She has always come in second and will never win first place.
She parked it outside a book store.
He disliked Facebook due people being nosy and annoying.
I noticed a girl I went to college with at the next table.
She attends the program faithfully every single day.
They found a spot to watch but it was cloudy.
He told her he wanted her to take her out to dinner.
He saw a bag of food in the freezer that was marked.
The two had two separate parties on the same day.
It was a parking ticket.
She broke up with him and they never saw each other again.
My uncle lived on a houseboat.
While she was at camp she went home early due to hurricane approaching.
When the band broke up, Kevin never wanted to give it up.
His teacher just suspended him two weeks for a prank he pulled on a classmate.
The kids spent all day swimming.
He found out he had zero cavities.
Whoever was closest to guessing the weight of jelly beans won them.
He begins to hear dog barking.
She was bleeding from being stabbed by her husband.
He had no interest in learning to play it.
I went to the arcade.
Then her mom moved, and her walk was less than a mile!.
But they became fast friends right away.
There was no food in it.
He told me that I was in line for a promotion.
She settled on a sports car.
A holiday party was being arranged, but Seth would not be attending.
She applied for a student loan in college.
He read a happy story in the newspaper.
Lisa had brought her swimsuit along.
I decided to tough it out to pay bills.
The only flower she didn't like were roses.
He decided to get a hybrid SUV.
Her teacher put her in charge of the costumes for the school play.
She found the perfect yarn but didn't finish it in time.
His parents took him to the movies.
He went online and failed to register to vote.
She took a cooking class, but she could never make eggs benedict correctly.
She has been waiting all summer to see who her friends will be.
They were there in remembrance of the dead people.
He heard moaning and darted away from the house.
One night after work, he stole some sauce.
He was told by his brother Luca he was not the master of magic.
He moved to New York City.
They switched the game to entertainment.
He did not use it that much.
She decided to pass it on to her mom since she never uses it.
She bought Mint flavored cookies one day.
None of the neighbors would open their doors.
John threatened to sue Susie and finally she paid.
My mother-in-law said we can no longer afford it.
He had to miss out because he was sick.
She dropped some apples on the floor and they rolled away and nobody will ever help her.
When she returned she saw a napkin on the ground.
Alana quickly ran out of bubbles.
He had called up someone to mow it for him.
Her friends ditched her.
She took a seat and soon felt back to normal.
He was named water boy!.
The store closed on Tuesdays.
She was upset at not being able to see the sights but will never get new glasses.
The coach would never call him to bat.
They stopped at a famous history museum.
The boat trip was very long and he couldn't wait to get there.
One day she opened a file cabinet drawer, only to find a scorpion but will never feel nervous again.
After a few weeks, David didn't write him a big check.
We watched the NBA championship game.
She handed out fresh hot pizza slices to everyone.
She found him in the woods.
When he was ordering his drink, he saw a friend of his and went over and sat with him.
The monkey bars were his favorite.
They took their children with them.
She was in the retirement home.
The owners left cheese out for their little friend.
He decided to go to the community pool.
She woke up earlier enough, and was happy to see a empty sink.
Woody was also cheating with another woman.
He was very tires so he decided to get a soda.
But she did not want a patriotic tattoo and will never buy a flag.
Dexter was an only child and loved doing fun and exciting things with his parents.
They did not buy one for him.
She decided to knit a sweater for her baby girl.
They were all heading to their friend's house to watch it on a new flat screen.
She decided it was too boring to finish.
He wanted one like his best friends but never found one.
There were over ten likely suspects for the crime.
He would love to listen to it softly in his room.
He likes to see the monkeys.
He was so excited by the kites that he made his own.
No one showed up.
She would follow him online.
His favorite football team was playing against the local team.
She counted it and spent the $500 on a bicycle.
Yet he hesitated to try it.
She would often do stunts that would put others safety at risk.
He almost fell.
They started eating their sandwich lunches.
He had a backstage pass and got to meet them before the show.
Someone had broken their glass!.
He refused to disrobe or sit on her table.
He peed out of a window.
He decided to buy cotton and leather for his new cushions.
There was something weird in the yard.
The house across the street from her had an empty swimming pool.
She was stuck in the hospital and felt crummy.
He bought a new kind of meat that had rosemary on it.
One kid pushed another down.
He could see the train pulling into the station.
Tina wasn't tired yet but she did what she was told.
They instead went to their grandma.
She arrived at the testing facility early.
He wanted to surprise his little brother.
The jelly was sour, and Suzanna swore she'd only eat store-bought.
She couldn't fit into the shirt so she wanted to return it but will never pick a dress.
I could not wait to go stargazing that night.
She was having fun and did not want to leave.
She is getting stronger.
Her car broke down and she couldnt go.
Mary had plenty of money saved up and decided on going to Spain instead.
She went to the thrift store, excited.
So he connected to his friend's WIFI.
She decided to avoid them altogether since he father died in a helicopter crash.
One day he found an injured bird and brought it home to nurse.
They asked Betty what she wanted and she says she wants hot dogs.
She was nervous about her presentation tomorrow.
One day he blew out his shoulder.
As she was walking, she watched a beautiful sunrise on the beach.
It was very basic so we ended up never going to the summer home.
She couldn't afford to get blueberries.
She had just released her very first album of songs but will always have bad reviews.
He was afraid to leave the ground on a test flight.
It belonged to the neighbor and I was furious.
They never found anything useful.
Suddenly she saw the sky clearing up on the horizon and it stopped raining.
He called his dad who fixes computers.
He found it running in circles in his neighbor's yard.
They were carving their pumpkins that night but will never put candles in them.
The place was booked.
His 109 year old neighbor George joined us.
On a trip, Kip had the chance to see a real navy submarine from far away.
It was his first football game.
I rolled my eyes due to it being by the lap-band and not hard work.
She hated the religious atmosphere in Saudi Arabia.
My co-worker laughed when I said that it was my stomach.
SHe had one closet.
One day he ate rotten food at a diner but will never get a free meal.
They played Slip N Slide outside, then went to a restaurant for dinner and dessert.
The casserole came out perfectly the first time.
She did not have to time to learn how to play the drums.
They were chased off by an elder.
She scoffed them all at the department store.
She used bleach to clean the metal in her factory.
She didn't wait until it was dark outside.
They decided to make pet treats and sell them to local pet owners.
She had gotten into a medical school out-of-state and decided not to go.
Watermelon was her favorite.
At a party, a bowl of candy tempted me.
If she went back to school, her salary would double.
He got a new smart phone.
She thought it was a very boring story.
I figured they were arguing about religious matters, so I walked away.
She gave hints that she didn't want any presents.
They could only afford one tutu, so Michelle took very good care of it.
Ricky knew the dept of the mad well.
He felt sick so he got out.
She didn't want to invite anyone.
He heard his pet bird chirping from his living room.
His parents told him he couldn't read of his books so Cody managed to bring up his grades quickly.
I woke up feeling so refreshed.
So I brought her roses.
He hated it.
He saw an old vase like one his mother had so he bought it and gave it to his wife.
Before the official blew the whistle, one person was still missing from the pool.
She always refused to do anything dangerous with her brother.
Today the doctor call me with bad news.
He'd never been swimming and thought it might be fun.
They were dusty and moldy, so he had to dispose of them.
She had the same teacher!.
They kept it in the car.
Mr. Schmade ended up beating his family in every game that they played.
She filled up her cup.
My cat was scared of the storm yesterday, so she sat on my chair with me.
The mums she bought for her front porch were destroyed by some vandals.
They were afraid of what was on the shore.
He went fishing by himself in Hawaii.
He had to sneak around and hide it from her but Ed will never quit smoking.
When he was 12 he wanted to play basketball on a court in Cambridge.
He still refuses to stay the night at my place.
She was having triplets.
It started to rain and Cassie went home.
He wasn't good at ice skating but he changed to roller blades and he was a natural.
She happily listened to the car radio as a distraction.
She felt self conscious that everywhere she went people smiled and seemed to be happy.
One day a little boy asked him why he was so mean.
She told me the arrival time.
Her mom addressed the card to Elizabeth's aunt.
Every Christmas they were disappointed that no snow came.
It bounced and rolled away harmlessly.
He knew not to shoot them off in the city, so he went to a remote beach.
She placed several ingredients on the cutting board.
She bought a frisbee to play with at home.
He was sure he knew which locker was his.
I started locking it.
She felt bad and used the refunded money to reapply for the course.
I had to do the top shelves while standing the entire time.
A stranger came up to him and grabbed it.
She hit the ball and it landed in the pond.
Their favorite team ended up losing the game.
Last night poked me in the leg with his toenail and he finally decided to cut them.
All she had was some water.
I had about an hour left in the drive.
Unfortunately, she didn't make it into the top ten.
She always had to take her kids school supply shopping and the total was under $100.
She found nineteen zucchinis had rotted in the garden.
His friends never showed up.
She waited and waited to see a hummingbird, but only bees started coming around.
She found keys in her pocket.
She was the only Christian in a small town.
He handed out drinks to all his friends.
It was matching mommy and baby outfits.
He wad told by his doctor he had to drinking so much coffee so he did.
He was surprised he was the only one at the gun range.
His girlfriend made him some soup but will never be healthy again.
He beat me every time.
She accidentally tripped and fell into the dirt.
She walked to the pond and found out police were making sure no one was feeding the ducks, so she left.
The class did not do anything that year though.
Then, she slept all night too.
She had to stop it as she needed to study for the exams.
Milton is delighted with life.
She would always give me a clear reason for taking my things away or sending me to my room.
She got out of bed but will never hear sirens.
He was floating on his back.
He ran into an old woman but he will never apologize.
He was ranked very highly but would never accept challenges from others.
They drove all the way to Vancouver.
When she was finished, she handed the food to her mom.
They went outside to play on the swing.
He was unable to make a hit due to the pitcher being too fast.
He was scared and passed out.
He had his share his home cramped in a pen with other animals and the penguin hated it.
He always dreamed of being in the NBA.
She stood in line to get her food and will always like eating at buffets.
She cut the kitchen towel in half.
She wasn't very adventurous but thought she could do ok there.
She was sleeping because the power had been off for hours.
He couldn't afford the special new bicycle.
The nanny asked for some money to buy textbooks for the kids.
He started a fire.
John failed to read the books his local chess club required for entry.
They saw the amount of people there and went back home.
So he found some old contact who sold electronics.
He wanted to make a silly looking one.
She was bringing a tray of drinks to a table but will never drop drinks.
She did not go to the doctor.
I quit this group this summer but will never be asked to proofread.
I secured the ladder to the roof with a rope.
She was born with lung problems.
Her teacher thought she had amazing talent.
So she added some soy sauce to her meal.
She purhased some beautiful wine glasses.
A bear at the campsite tore apart their tent.
The president recently came to town but Donald was never able to meet him.
Her mom never came.
He has an old loud dog.
She forgot to contact her friends and they will never be supportive.
He usually spent all his weekend in his apartment inventing something.
Scott and Donna both stayed in the hotel room the entire vacation.
There was a knock at the door and his friend was there to watch the game.
She sewed them together to make a skirt.
Thankfully she had been sewing for years.
She knew it was fixing to be that time of the month.
He left his clothes in the dryer, but they were gone an hour later.
Her parents just brought her a doll.
I once had someone throw up five times in my class.
He approached it and saw its owner.
He was a great cook and made excellent pancakes.
She got a big ladle out of the drawer and will never drop it.
His mom decided to get him a puppy.
My dad is an orthodontist and he fitted me with braces.
She had no kids.
After their vacation, they went back on their plane.
He was scared of the dark.
After taking some pain medicine, Robert couldn't feel anything.
The birthday is tomorrow but will never go to a restaurant.
She was at the beginning of a two-hour whale watching tour.
She did not drink.
He went on a date with a man close to his age.
After a couple of hours he realized it was one he wrote.
On Friday, Tom's dad cancelled a meeting so he could go fishing with Tom.
Everyone got into a water balloon fight and the blue team won.
Savanna's let go of her kite and lost it.
I didn't get back home until after midnight.
They put a time capsule in it and buried it and wait patiently for 5 years.
Eric sucked at his job and didn't sell any magazines.
She frequented the local museum.
Once he wore it, he realized it was on back to front.
She decided to cut her hair like all her friends.
Every time he had to perform for children he threatened to quit.
I live alone but I wrapped a towel around myself to go to my room.
One day the smoker said he could quintuple his investment in one year.
When they went to check the progress they realized it was all pink.
Kate would often play monopoly with her cousins but she will never win a tournament.
I declined his request and he looked sad.
After college, they all started work at the same company.
James bought tomato seeds but will never have tomatoes.
He launched it in an open field.
She left it there in case the owner came back.
He started getting too loving.
She had a broken foot and couldn't exercise.
Delilah accepted and played nicely with pepper.
That cat was so lazy.
The whole evening had a Japenese theme.
As she had no choice that day, she ordered a small order of french fries.
She checked out a few books and headed outside.
He ordered a salad.
He turned on the stove and boiled the water.
It called for mild chili peppers, and they did not add any.
He got dressed correctly even with the lights off.
On the way she got stuck in a traffic jam.
Ted's did not want his family to know he was gay and he will never get murdered.
He was excited to go back to work, which was right next door so he could walk there.
She had hired a gardener and housekeeper to take care of things while she was away.
She ordered a coffee.
He was a lazy worker and always showed up late to work.
Tom drove his girlfriend to the park after going to the store to buy things for the picnic.
He started out the window focusing on the words.
She was confident all the time and did not need to practice.
They were picking out curtains for  their kitchen.
All three of them couldnt decide on a kitten of their own.
He tried to reason with the bully.
He was able to purchase the textbook he needed at a local college library.
He always hiked with a buddy.
They got lost.
His mom told him that he was only 13 years old and too young to drive.
It was a guy she had met at a store.
Luckily, we didn't have power outage.
The problem was he was too lazy in town.
He was early to the tournament.
When his friends would come in, he would give them equal service.
I trained and became good.
He was not upset over their breakup because he never loved her.
She never went fishing at the lake.
Surprisingly, Don won despite making fun of the other candidates.
She said my friend had a background in criminal justice but I will never set her up with an interview.
The wooden seat broke in half and she fell!.
A man got on and asked Miley when her baby was due and she said 4 months from now.
Unfortunately she could not afford to buy a new camera so she never got to get good at taking shots.
I told her she should stay home and rest, so she did.
He realized that at least his room was clean.
But I knew out bodies are created to stay in motion.
He took one out of the drawer in his desk.
She didn't meet with any family members or friends when she got there.
They all sat around chatting as they ate their ice cream.
She was grumpy and never joked.
It was awesome to not be lied to.
I told her I didn't want to play a game.
Her grandpa told her she was too small to ride the merry-go-round.
She was able to repair it herself after looking up instructions on the Internet.
He sold newspapers.
The front of the condo was painted bright pink.
He enjoyed it so much that he bought a bow but will never bag a javelina.
John asked her out while working out at the gym and she said no.
She said no.
It really was rather relaxing.
All of a sudden she saw the bus that would pass right by her house.
He was illegally obtaining taxes.
Mr Denzer was hoping to be a descendant from someone important.
It was a amazon package.
He offered me a prestigious position.
She worked at a post office.
The stress caused her to be hospitalized due to a heart attack.
He was unable to graduate college and apply though.
The judge was based towards the defendant.
The korean clerk kept looking at him because he was tall.
Then Isabel's father started dating a younger woman Isabel's age but Isabel will always have talks with her father.
He worked hard in high school and was hired by a newspaper shortly after.
Cassandra sent one of her friends to get more firewood.
She tried it but was unable to catch a Pokemon.
He met Christine, and told her that he thought she only weighed 100 pounds.
Her friends arrived at 9:00 pm.
When she came to pick it up today, she started smiling.
It was the top of line Xbox one.
She fell asleep in the bud.
She bought a big, powerful heater to keep her room warm.
However, the little girl had a dentist appointment later that day and the girl will have cavities on the next visit.
I jumped out of bed and ran over to her and it wasn't a nightmare.
He saved it.
The cabin didn't have a stove to cook on.
They were driving all the way across the country.
His parents told him he couldn't have one.
She got an F for her final grade.
He only made decorations.
He drove up the winding roads and suddenly drove off the cliff and fell into the waterfalls.
A boy on a bicycle pulled up to the door.
He decided to start dating her sister.
She got beat up one day.
She got lost.
His brother Sam never asked him for rides though.
They learned to make rings.
Rick heard a cracking noise above him as he got out of the car.
His brother stole it.
The first thing she did was trip and fall on the ground.
He asked me out and I begrudgingly said yes.
He never held down a job for long.
A nearby car stopped on the side of the road.
This didn't bother her until she found herself living in a large city and will never buy a large bike.
His parents bought him a kitten instead.
He wanted to go tanning.
It had trouble doing a lot of things.
He missed the sign up for his school baseball team.
When I went to make it I realized I was out of groceries.
He offered to mow one of his neighbor's lawn.
After and bath and some Tums he was all better.
So he prays for luck.
He decided to have a health screening but he will never feel anxious again.
He decided it wasn't for him.
Assuming it was a neighbor's dog, I filled a small dish with dog food.
He picked out a 2-door convertible.
Two men were on base, one in scoring position so he bunted.
He never practiced singing at home.
Sarah went to the swings.
But her father one day came back with an iguana.
She was surrounded by friends all day.
Jim's grandparents came from out of state.
He was too eager to get a funnel cake.
He exchanged his shoes for some really cool shirts.
During school, he was frequently bullied about his giant feet too.
Two nights ago we had a terrible storm.
The first few offers were extremely high.
One day, he went camping in his backyard.
Her mom told her again and again she would achieve her dream.
One month later they were surprised to find out Laura was pregnant but they weren't twins.
Her grandmother gave it to her.
He saw that his roof was holding strong.
She wasn't very good at cooking though.
She was amused by it.
He made an assembly line of sandwiches but will never put mustard on one.
He was about to hide a roman candle.
He saw a beautiful woman coming his way but will never offer her water.
Her dad knew she wanted to go before school went back in session.
He planted a few trees in his yard.
It was an amicable break-up with lots of good will for the future.
He couldnt find what he wanted.
She dropped off her package at a post office box.
Her family booked a vacation for the same day and she would have to miss the recital.
It was a perfect sunny day.
She loved living this way and wanted to stick to her ways.
Valerie forgot to buy a turkey.
They heard a beeping noise inside the barn and there were only cows in the barn.
He didn't want to get in trouble for ripping his pants.
Bernie was excited to get it and waited at most four hours in line.
Ella was also a Buddhist and fit right in.
He knew that he had to go to the doctor as soon as he could.
Her oldest boy never left home.
She finally saw a dermatologist.
One day, Kenneth decided not to cheat.
Due to the snow, Hannah had to stay home from school.
She was allowed to.
It was her sister's graduation, but her sister decided to go out of state to celebrate instead.
He was heading out on a ten day cruise.
He looked out the window and noticed their volleyball net was missing.
He went into his chambers to contact people to bury the dead.
Today I finally got a call back for a position and had a pen to write with.
But she easily got sick because of them and will never puke.
He asked his parents to buy them for him.
He slept in past his alarm and missed the school bus.
Her kids had left a toy on the carpet.
He liked the food she was cooking.
That Christmas, his parents bought him a kitten instead.
She bought groceries, but the store was out of pizza she wanted.
The airline lost his dog!.
He did not miss his old friends and did not make any new friends at his new town.
Zoot drove them to the restaurant.
His always did homework before bed.
She realized it was just a bat.
Hardly a day went by that she was happy her mom helped her lose weight.
A new guy moved into the apartment across from Quinton's.
He arrived back home.
There was no time limit.
I am trying to watch any tv show I recorded.
He could not find his snorkeling mask, so stayed above water.
Her friend Ann had the same outfit Sonya was wearing.
Francisco's saw Guillermo's  car.
An ambulance drove up to get Jim.
Tyler studied, but he still failed the test.
Due to budget he could not pay a web designer and will never make a nice website.
We were happy that it didn't rain.
He said no.
My father's frown told me he hadn't caught anything.
He would chuckle but would finally stop his crazy laugh.
I scrapped the idea.
He came upon a trail of ants crossing the path.
He ate healthy foods when he got home.
The weather turned very sunny.
The opponents couldn't double team him.
She was too tired.
The first thing Mr. Smith did was purchase an expensive ladder to put next to their fire escape.
He started out running in front of everyone and had a comfortable lead.
She always placed first ahead of her nemesis Faye because the judges were biased against Faye.
She got out an old cloth.
Except everywhere we go, it seems like pee everywhere.
She put the frozen spaghetti in the microwave.
She never had any bruises on her.
Her favorite event was hockey.
They got her a hedgehog.
I had just enough cash to buy some starburst.
I had borrowed it from my older sister.
12 year old bill was skipping school and avoided it.
He had professional experience.
She tried to prepare for a math exam by reading the book.
But one thing he wasn't shy about was girls and he was very charismatic around them.
They went to Willis Tower and hung out at the cafe, then went to the park.
He sold his security cameras.
This one will last forever.
When he got married, he and his brother opened a car showroom.
Jamie slept quietly in the back seat.
He drove to work and was only 5 minutes late.
But he forgot to bring his ID.
She got a diary.
The man she met up started a conversation with a man in the restaurant.
She's a basketball coach.
It was almost as bad as the movie they watched last week.
I wasn't wet when I went to bed last night but will never get peed on by my husband.
She saw a small black mouse going across the floor.
She looked everywhere outside.
The temperature was in the 80's.
He was an old man who liked to play the clarinet but she will always think he's strange.
He decided he wanted to win the math competition though but will never win first place.
So he booked a trip for an Hawaiian volcano hike.
She really wanted a very expensive pair.
A fire burned his house down while he was gone but found some salvageable things.
The only good thing was Che was deeply liberal.
He decided to take a hot shower.
Susan's mom said Susan couldn't go.
She sat down on it and cracked the tube.
They were going to drink shots and eat snacks.
He was talented and many people like him.
I noticed their teeth were looking whiter than before because of what I taught them.
It fit him perfect right off the rack.
He had been acting for years in major productions.
He talked his friend Ace into joining the union with him.
She was an unattractive child but she could sing full songs at the age of 5.
She woke up late and missed the only bus to see the Sears tower.
She wanted a manicure.
The dentist replace Robin's teeth with dentures.
He'd been sleeping for nine hours straight.
It was returning after vacation.
He decided to find a roommate on Craigslist.
She wanted to get a new pair of shoes.
It was written out to someone else.
The piers were his favorite.
When he found out that he could now ride the subway he was thrilled.
This paper seemed very original as I read it.
She decided to move to another state for a new job.
One day, one of his friends recommended kabobs.
He was finally rescued by his brother.
He changed lanes and traffic moved much faster.
To my surprise, my father-in-law gave us the down payment for our new house.
Mikey and his grandpa saw a squirrel walk in front of them in a meadow.
Quinn couldn't find what she was looking for.
My grandma and her sister would run in the roads for exercise.
Instead, the person stole all of my clothes out of the closet and the cops believed I was robbed.
He went to the beach and there were none.
She stayed inside and played around.
One day a man came in with a car title to register his car.
He easily picked out a nice outfit.
I met him at the doctors office today.
Ellen put on a lot of bug spray.
I had never heard that sound before.
He was deaf.
He is going skiing for a hour.
She even refused to leave the house.
She thought the band that was playing was a bit too old.
He usually went to the mountain and didn't know what to do but will never explore the sea.
He climbed the ladder of the tall slide.
His grades were perfect.
He joined a band and went on tour every year for twenty years.
He saw an old man sleeping in a bed.
She bought limes by mistake.
On the night of the first game of the season, his power went out.
He liked that no one could see him or get to him with the door always closed.
Her friend suggest she start walking with her at the local park.
Hay is getting promotion from his label.
She wanted to learn how to ride.
He saw someone he'd met before.
Her grandpa wouldn't take her to the archery range.
He would always find some and keep them away from her.
His brother helped, and they took a picture.
I purchased it at a local store to measure out my food.
Luckily he had a lot in the bank.
He worked hard on mTurk to pay his bills.
First, she got a newspaper.
His band mate, Sly, helped him with the printing.
They bought a bunch of fun streamers.
He installed cameras and realized he had been sleepwalking!.
Oscar decided to sell his old vehicle to a mechanic but he did not have enough money to get a new car.
One day she had a minor accident.
They were cheap to go to eat, and my parents could afford it.
She went to the animal shelter and saw a cute bunny she wanted.
They were not able to go on the stage.
I didnt go.
Her hand slipped and she dropped the razor.
She called for her mom to get it.
All of a sudden there was loud thunder!.
Doug took some time before writing about his mother.
She had a flat tire so she got out, changed the tire and went on home.
I thought it was sweet of her to offer, so I let her.
She went to the animal shelter and got a cat instead.
He tried calling for help on his phone and successfully got a tow truck to come.
His grandma was excited to meet his new puppy, Jax.
My wife saw she was wearing a hat.
She forgot her speech on election day.
They were going to give a tragic interview.
Her mom said they'd order Chinese food instead.
He decided to get some water instead.
He got hit by an ice cream truck.
I didn't drink the sodas because I am diabetic but I loved my uncle and he was there.
He worried about it given his advanced age.
Anthony opened a restaurant.
She ran over some grass clippings on the road.
He suddenly saw a crash across the street.
When I got to the checkout line, I paid with cash.
Marty had a huge crush on John.
She mixed up flour, salt, and eggs in a large bowl but will never cook it in a big pot.
His team wasn't good and got eliminated at the beginning.
They left when bigger dogs arrived.
They were not offering anything special.
He decided to start his own business.
She never went to the Eiffel Tower.
They both loved fruit so they decided to make pumpkin pie.
She read up on cat rearing and followed expert advice.
Phil was ready to take over and enjoyed the challenges of running the business.
They were planning on taking an Uber home.
After eating some food, he felt good in his stomach.
She also sat in all the couches and chairs.
After two weeks the cat tree was complete, and his cats were having a great time on it.
They were headed to a trendy new restaurant.
The bus was on the way to her home.
She thought about giving up bread.
Dwayne thought about what kid of pet he would like all morning and changed his mind.
The next door neighbor did not want glasses of lemonade.
But there wasn't any wind.
She was confused when the room was empty.
She ordered one at a restaurant and got violently ill and never drank one again.
He sucked on it for several hours.
The house was all lit up and noisy.
We have a plan to drive to New York City but the weather is suppose to be terrible.
He built birdhouses.
Except my wife was turned away at the airport before we could leave.
She hated her sexist boss and got him fired.
His roommate had two dogs.
She lived on the 6th floor of a condo building so all she could buy was a sticker for her door.
He dropped his toy out the window.
Lucinda had the same outfits to wear to her dances.
She decided to play video games while she laid in bed.
He sat the pipe down on the porch.
I loved music and dvd stores so I went in and bought a few great action movies.
She never listened and it made Tony furious.
He was worried that he might fail the team.
I relaxed and called in sick to work.
Her and her husband called an ambulance.
The water went out.
She installed a very basic wooden gate.
Her son was excited to use the potty.
Eve put the baby in the car seat.
Luckily, it only hit the side of my trash can.
He was looking for a beaver.
Her mom decided to surprise her with the dress and a trip to Disney World.
Our son lived in Boston but died two years ago.
Teresa was obsessively neat and washed her bed linens every day.
They didn't buy any of the wine bottles.
They had plenty of beer.
I got in the elevator by myself.
He decided that he was going to swing on a rope.
She made a delicious meal.
He had a hankering for french toast.
He needed his hair brushed.
She tried to spend the whole day not talking and it was easier than she thought.
She loved her name.
She turned on a video lesson and started doing gymnastics.
He noticed a guy at work kept flirting with him.
Michael planned to steal her away from Gob.
Growing up an orphan, Thomas lived a comfortable life.
His truck skidded across the ice and hit a parked car.
He didn't respond to a help wanted ad at a collection agency.
He picked out a snazzy pair of shoes.
He wanted to help it lose weight but the cat will never lose weight.
The front desk worker said that they are already closed.
He drove to the train station early the next morning.
One day she sat in the back of the class instead of the front.
He felt warm as the sun shined on him.
She had just found out she was pregnant and wanted to tell me first.
He forgot to put sunscreen on his face.
Chad avoided the new gym.
He called up some of his friends and they went to a restaurant.
She was making a cake.
John is a kind roommate and takes all of the spiders Bill finds outside.
I threw it out since the weather was so cool where I lived.
She was hoping he had an extra cigarette for her.
She was starting a bachelors in college.
Her father had died.
They picked out different stuffed bears.
She saw a rabbit.
She likes to top it with strawberries or honey, depending on her mood.
After he finished, he was informed he had to go home.
He planted many kinds of flowers.
No one went to mourn her.
They tolerated him.
No one ever found his secret location.
He decided to start practicing for try outs.
She asked her daughter where they were, and the girl said she gave them to a friend.
He started eating better.
She didn't know she dropped the seeds on her way home.
Our street is fairly busy but they will never beep.
He said that he was having a baby with his ex-girlfriend.
She scrubbed the wash sink with a sponge but will never lose her ring.
He wasn't allowed to skate.
They got nervous and called off the wedding.
We moved there to help her with her daughter.
She didn't have a desk yet on her first day.
I didn't bother looking very hard and the pants were too small.
It started raining and he was unable to fish.
They did a lot of things wrong but I know enough not to follow in their footsteps.
He picked up cupcakes to take to class the next day.
She loved learning about her new city and exploring.
She had a short lunch period and no money.
He threw his backpack on the floor in his room and emptied his lunchbox.
She hadn't had any customers in a long while.
He never spoke when the Director was speaking.
He took it to his dad to fix.
He brought it home and threw it in the shredder.
He called her sober the next day.
She had a good night's sleep and jumped in the shower to get ready for work.
The woman at the counter handed me my pills.
He bought the biggest chicken he could find at the store.
Tiffany's father was rich and Tiffany begged him to keep her makeup artist on his staff.
I never make fries with it.
He threw it out after purchasing a new one.
He is eating Angel food cake.
Today was her sister's wedding day.
She is studying extra hard so she will ace it.
Her mom told her that she would lover her new school but will always think it will be a bad year.
They're so expensive though.
The grass was awful and he decided to go golf somewhere else.
It was a pool party.
Jerry really wanted to learn to speak Korean.
She decided to not invite Tera.
Their mom decided to turn it into a contest.
She opened the door to see the cat outside.
She went to the grocery store and bought everything on her list.
They made fun of her and did not like speaking with her, so they stopped hanging out.
Damien froze in place and watched the parents argue the entire time.
One of his roommates decided to clean it.
I had a great time the entire day.
While walking they saw a small girl crying on the sidewalk.
She signed up for the school reading club.
I was alone in my office, and heard a car backfire in the parking lot.
Bill kept arresting him.
He went to eat at his grandparents house.
We gave her a purse.
He kept paddling faster and faster as he went.
Adelyn's great aunt told her there were three orphaned baby cows.
They were getting ready to practice.
When they got there it was closed.
She had gotten him a gift, but forgot it at home.
She was hoping to have a c-section.
He retained a lot of short term memory.
They took his desktop computer.
Over the course of break forgot to work on it.
She slowed her walking, hoping to miss the bus.
It was pouring down rain outside.
She refused to eat anything but chicken nuggets.
He went to bed.
I bit into an olive.
He stole their funds and went to prison for many years.
His friends listened and tied balloons instead.
Her boyfriend wanted to have a date.
One morning he tripped and broke his arm.
His favorite thing about the circus was the lion tamer.
His dad was a experienced hunter.
She decided to practice solo.
This summer, they decided to stay home.
One year, Tana moved away to Idaho, but Tina and her kept in touch weekly for decades.
They went to Hawaii and laid on the beach a lot.
His wife had it custom made for him and he loved it.
He never asked Santa Claus for one.
I still did not get asked to come in for an interview.
They were teaching them about evolution.
She opened the door and walked inside and only found the husband.
He bought ground beef.
She told her husband to take her to the hospital.
I always had to special order them online.
He was going to have one gifted to him.
There's a trail on Tuesday between his daugther and the father of her child.
Henry decided to walk to the end by himself.
She saw a dog.
He did some research and found generic brands are not worth it.
He mailed it to her with a signature on delivery.
She made coffee at home.
I loved my shirt.
He told the customer that he owed two dollars.
He was soaked and started getting very cold.
She went bike riding on flat surfaces.
She replaced all the trim.
Her girlfriend appreciated it.
He enjoyed improving many articles through his editing acount.
They made hotel reservations and took a flight to Australia.
His teacher looked over his shoulder, and amazed.
I tried to install a pool.
He spent one summer on a boat in the ocean studying sea life.
He had packed up his beach towel and sunscreen but forgot his swimsuit and did not go into the water.
She put the ingredients in her cup.
Her husband had an accident suddenly.
They started running before the judge fired the gun.
She was couching on the floor to reach the base.
Her boss fired her after the photos were leaked.
It started to get hot.
Then she froze each batch for later but guests will never love the food.
It was designed to be a practical car that a small child could ride in.
When Marie got married, she invited Sal.
He needed to get his maid to clean his apartment.
I took it seriously and studied hard.
We had not spoken for 10 years.
No one could ever beat Morgan.
He found a patch of wildflowers.
He didn't have any supplies or clothes and felt unprepared.
She dropped out.
His father was already up and ready to go and they headed out the door.
She decided to implement a punishment system.
She went to a friend's house for a makeover.
They sold a big stack of books.
The crashed into some rocks and trees.
Now I have to take a quiz that I have study for long.
The date went bad though and I did not want him to kiss me in the car.
Once the people got to know him, they found that he was a clean-cut, kind man who smiles a lot.
It was just the wind.
After a lot of research he decided to buy a manual-powered lawn mower.
She took dancing lessons.
She wasn't letting anything distract her from the lesson.
He is a new born cat.
But she ran out, so I had to buy some more for her.
He immediately went to the bathroom.
They sat in the parking lot to tailgate.
It was hard and never got any easier.
The aquarium was closed for renovations so they had to make plans to come back another day.
She was going to make new curtains but they looked terrible.
She was excited to be on stage.
She went to the movies to see a book turned into a movie.
After she put it in the oven, she made a salad and mashed potatoes and the dinner was a hit.
Her husband hated that she was late all the time.
It sounded like a horrible experience.
The parking was free.
He was forced into swimming.
The sunrise was about to start.
Donna refused to do it.
She was really hating it.
She RSVPed and said she would unable to attend due to a previously booked business conference and sent a gift certificate.
After we paid, I went outside.
The little kids loved the sermons.
Anna had to start giving him less tartar causing treats.
They listened to one of Tom's CDs.
She stored her toys under her bed.
A woman came into the store and asked about their check policy.
She never misplace the precious ring luckily.
Janet didn't mind it at first and will never throw her notebook at William.
I got a better job offer a few weeks ago so I have to give notice but the boss didn't accept it graciously.
She went to different stores but didn't find any.
They stayed in a small motel that had a swimming pool but they went to the beach instead.
None of her friends showed up to the party.
One day, Bill got a bad sunburn.
She went on a strict exercise regimen.
I used it more this week than average.
Friday morning, Tabitha had a fever and had to stay home from school.
Timmy's brother thought it would be fun to tell each other stories about the past.
I had to present in front of my whole class.
She was traveling where AIDS was common.
It wasn't that big or warm but it looked good and he will always be able to stay warm.
They got there and realized they were terribly unprepared.
He still went outside a lot too.
He was excited because he knew everyone.
He noticed an abandoned truck at the end of the street.
One day Peter hid under some leaves in his cage.
She asked for his number.
He bought the tickets to the show.
He heard a lound bang after he left the room.
She printed out a copy of the directions, just in case.
A bird outside their window ate their banana and flew away.
His battery lasted all day.
She was very confident about a speech she had to give to her class.
Chris kept trying to swat it and finally hit it.
He got off the monkey bars and landed on his feet.
Cheryl worked on her resume, but never posted it.
He sees a group of rich lawyers eating KFC.
I do my job so well that I got a raise.
The one in her bathroom is old and outdated but will never order express shipping.
She was so proud.
She went to her mom's house and looked at her small selection of yarn.
She started going to a book club.
They all rode in the back of a station wagon on a trip to see family and Jack will never miss the ride.
He was asked one day about a complicated procedure and will never tell a lie.
She was getting tea.
Although, we both knew what that really meant and didn't bother turning on the TV.
She found a large wild apple tree.
She would stay in the sand because she was afraid of the water.
She reached out for the drawer with fruit.
He decided not to complete the project.
He did not mind because he got to work with his friend Joe.
He cared but his family did not.
They won a game.
No one played with her.
He was fired after he was unable to generate any new ideas.
It was her best friend's birthday and they were celebrating.
He's out of this game with a hurt wrist.
One of the kids wandered off from the group.
One day a dog came by and stole my book.
He gathered large rocks and shells on the beach.
He wants to figure out the game without a code.
She got the butter and placed it in a pan.
It was disgusting so she threw it away.
He was close to having a million dollars.
His car ran over a child that was crossing the road.
We all posted a photo of the sonogram on Facebook.
He liked to go at least once a month for some alone time.
He was taking a bath.
He decided to call the police.
It was a typical live game.
She didn't change even when she married or had kids.
My best employee came to me to complain about being behind.
The crowded cheered for her as she danced.
He never broke a rule in all his time there because he was afraid of getting detention.
She pulled out her sunglasses to make it more comfortable to see but the lens will never fall out.
We nearly drowned when we visited the Mystic Seaport.
He was paying attention.
The driver sped away quickly.
She remained in bed for the rest of the day since she was freezing.
I found plenty nice pairs.
The store was open 24 hours.
They traded and shared a lot of candy and had all they wanted.
The marriage lasted until the super passed away a few years later.
She fell asleep in her kitchen.
Searching the internet provided me with all the information I needed.
When he came back from appointments he would sit but Dave didn't say hello for the visit.
Martha only was able to teach the sign for mom with her hands.
She decided to vampire victim for Halloween.
Its wing was broken and Lily was scared so she abandoned it.
A friend offered him some sour candy as a joke and Tom will never make a silly face.
It attacked one of the manufacturing warehouses for Tom's business but he will never close down the company.
There was an ex-girlfriend there.
When I got on campus, a male professor greeted me.
He paused the movie.
He placed it in the oven and cooked it until the cheese was golden and bubbly.
She had a parasite.
He challenged all his friends to eat vegetables.
His parents didn't mind his poor eating habits.
To honor him, I wrote a poem.
She knew she had to skip town!.
Tom was devastated.
She placed the lasagna inside and shut the door.
Yesterday a little boy fell in the water.
