On my way to work I stopped to get some coffee.
Terry aspired to be a chef.
Kim and her glass went on a field trip to an aquarium.
Susie was sitting on her barstool.
Celeste rode her motorcycle across the woods.
Johnny slept well the night before.
Ivy's friend said he could balance a spoon on his nose.
Adrielle couldn't wait for her birthday party.
I got a taxi cab late at night to the city.
Ike often liked to take walks alone.
Kim was upset she had a grass stain on her pink shorts.
Gina needed to buy one gallon of water.
Gabby always brought cookies to school.
Lucy had indigestion.
Andrea wanted a picture of her jumping.
Greg's old staircase needed work.
Alan's class watched a video about world hunger.
Candy got a job at a local fast food joint.
I was bored of only using netflix.
He raised his hand before he struck her.
I had just turned 16 and had a brand-new driver's license.
Kim was on vacation and couldn't find her hotel.
I noticed that my water bill was higher than usual.
Mary loved flowers.
Jill was away at college.
I bought a pogo stick on Wednesday.
Carl wanted to buy a new car.
There was a boy scout club who raced cars.
The Denver Broncos starting quarterback was injured.
Zack was at work making some lunch.
Hank always slouched in his chair.
A man desired to learn about many things.
My wife treated my sister in law and myself to dinner at IHOP.
My niece always wants to watch peppa pig.
Jim and Damien played cards during their lunch break.
Micah became homeless after her parents kicked her out of their home.
Lenny was a fan of football.
I hated garlic.
Tina wanted a raise.
Ed's family always made hot dogs for dinner.
I bought a spaghetti squash to cook for dinner.
My younger sister is a complete codependent.
I ordered my favorite drink this morning.
Lucy was at the library with her grandma.
I was walking through the forest on a dark and stormy night.
Sara had to carry her groceries home.
Amy was late for class.
Helga spent her day off cooking food for herself.
Jake thought he was a great basketball player.
Katie really wanted to be a cheerleader.
Paul and Carrie played trumpet in Orchestra together every Saturday.
When Sam retires he sells his successful pizza shop.
Amy rode her bike home as fast as she could.
Ryan was bowling with his mom.
Jane didn't know much about cars.
My mother has made stockings for everyone in the family.
My gray roots have been driving me crazy for two weeks.
I sat in on my first poker game.
There was a stray cat named Sampson.
Cam ran across the beach and dove into the ocean.
Dave was a homeless man.
Todd and Sam had planned a beach trip for the coming weekend.
Johnny went surfing this weekend alone.
Two boys came home from school in the snow.
There was a scavenger hunt event.
I was cleaning the apartment yesterday.
Mary worked hard as a waitress at a diner.
It was a rainy day and there was nothing to do.
We had just arrived in Shanghai that morning.
Miss Godiva went to Belgium for some chocolate.
Barry couldn't figure out where his one cat was.
Amy and Beth made mud pies at Amy's house.
He set up his easel in position, oil paints ready to go.
John, Eric and Carl waited in line for four hours.
The family went to the museum.
Gina's mother found a tape of cursing rap music.
My parents had a good relationship.
Anna needed a belt for her outfit.
The wind howled loudly, carrying sheets of cold, stinging rain.
Corwin learned to play Hot Cross Buns on the recorder.
Denise was a gymnast.
Ethan was a very naughty boy who loved to do naughty things.
The school band was practicing for a marching competition.
Joe was feeling a bit sick.
Joy wanted to be a star.
Eric decided his dog needed a buddy.
Linda wanted to save money.
Ed was driving home from work.
Samantha was bored.
Susan always texted on her phone.
Caleb was tying up his skates, tonight was a very important game.
Evan loved bowling even though he wasn't very good at it.
I decided to go to the store.
My neighbor called me over to have coffee.
Gus and Sam rowed their uncle's boat across the lake.
The kids at school were discussing allowances.
Kelly loved straightening her hair.
Lula needed some extra cash.
Elaine's favorite meal was soup from a local restaurant.
Jason just needed a job.
My brother and I loved to climb trees.
Kelly and her friends went to see a speaker in the auditorium.
Bob wanted to buy Christmas presents for his family.
Tyrone had a big job interview in an hour.
Todd's favorite class was creative writing in high school.
Eric had a big chess tournament this weekend.
Dawson got a new car.
Jill cared for her grandpa until he passed away last year.
Andrew made a pizza.
Last year I stayed in Martha's Vineyard.
Sean and Sara had just bought a Christmas tree.
Jane was shopping in the mall.
Alicia was trying to plug in her phone.
Hannah was a flower farmer, and grew a variety of beautiful flowers.
Nicole was a very smart girl who always worked hard.
Val's mom was furious with her.
The police chief needed to find the killer for the most recent murder.
Dan tripped on a nail sticking out of his front porch entry.
Dan plays on a recreation hockey team.
Cho and Margo hated walking the dogs.
When Kathy was pregnant with her first baby, she wanted to make a gift.
Amy always dreamt of running her own bakery.
Don loved meat.
George's mother took him to the doctor to get his flu vaccination.
Jerry found a cat on the street.
Rachel and Molly were volunteering together.
Sam was with his friend's wife.
Molly had forgotten her lunch at home.
Mandy had been playing at an arcade all day.
James didn't know what he wanted for his birthday.
Tyrese was battling a addiction with heroin.
John was woken up by his alarm for work.
Ed had a heart attack.
Lucy's grandma was doing her hair.
Emma knew her mom wanted jewelry for Christmas.
Julia loved the idea of travel.
I was in band in high school.
After junior prom my boyfriend and I went to Wisconsin Dells.
Jennifer was walking down her school hallway one day.
Alison's parents had long talked about going up in a hot air balloon.
Emma was on a long car drive.
Kacie had just been hired at a diner.
Sarah only had a carrot for lunch.
Dal was a country girl from rural Denmark.
The little boy was failing math.
I saw an ad on the internet about writing a novel.
I had to go to Boston for a work trip.
Sharon never learned to drive a manual transmission.
The couple argued over getting a real or a fake tree.
Jordan decided to have an ice cream social.
I was walking in the park when I saw a very attractive guy.
Tyler and Brittany got married a couple years ago.
Neil was on a Nile cruise.
Abel grew vegetables in his backyard.
Tim and Jerry decided to go on a camping trip in the woods.
Tom went hiking.
Sally was riding her bike.
Barry moved into a new house with his family.
Ashton was at girl's summer camp.
Since we travel on business, we stay in the same hotel for months.
Everyone said that Cecil was a good cook.
Larry needed a job.
Todd used to be a professional football coach.
I received a message on facebook from a random girl.
I was able to hit the ball into the green.
Nell looked forward to a visit from the book mobile.
Drake's friends were homophobic.
William always wanted to travel to Europe.
Rod loved to doodle, but he didn't think he was any good.
My parents took us riding one day.
Cassidy was at a pizza place with her family.
Ann slept in the basement by the freezer when guests visited.
I loved chocolate.
Alex needed to go to the pharmacy to get his medicine.
Jerry's sink had been leaking.
Aaron couldn't stop making fun of randy.
Henry placed Janet in a box in front of several audience members.
Fiola walked in front of the club.
Ollie's favorite ride at the fair were the bumper cars.
Jackson has always wanted to play the bass guitar.
The mayor was trying to be re-elected for the next term.
Becky loved snacks.
Elly had a history exam coming up.
When we were in boy scouts we had to sell popcorn.
Amy and her friends went to the park to meet the boys.
It was a Sunday morning and I wanted to visit the beach.
Leo needed a new car.
Billy always likes beef jerky.
Amanda had just found out that she was pregnant.
Debbie was very tired and hungry.
Sarah got a new car for her birthday.
Portia had always wanted an outdoor game to play with her kids.
Sam was a paramedic and volunteer firefighter in a small village.
Chris was a very talented man.
I went to a sushi bar.
Gerty had an imagination.
Lucy opened the door to the basement.
Thomas had never tried ping pong before.
Rosie was very clumsy and lacked balance and grace.
Leon needed a venue for an upcoming event.
Jason and his friend Jeff wanted to have some fun with matches.
The baby girl began to fuss.
Martha went on a camping trip with her boyfriend.
Mike was a renowned repairman in his town.
Reba envied her friend who had a closet of dresses.
Dan wanted to meet women.
Tanner was an actor in a play.
Amy and her class were having an ice cream party.
Ronaldo notices that his shoes have become pretty dirty.
Elsa's family visited a beach where wild horses lived.
Charles' mother taught her son to carry a pre-paid cell phone.
Kayla has a pair of new shoes.
Kim was going tubing.
Sasha was in her history class.
Fred was building a snowman.
Jan was ready to get her driver's license.
Gina was at her Uncle Franks and bored.
Nancy was looking for a place to eat.
Ashley is best friends with Susana.
Tina went to a bar with her friends.
Lucy and her mother were hunting for a movie to rent at Blockbuster.
Carrie was in active labor.
Sam was walking his dog.
Colby sat on the carpet playing with LEGOs.
June decided to make dessert for her family.
Daniel has spent months unemployed.
Ash was camping with his family.
Nick and Patrick never agreed on politics.
Hellen is a terrible driver.
Alex was walking home from school.
Jon decided to buy a dog.
Eunice has always avoided candy because it is so unhealthy.
Raquel wanted a boyfriend.
Damion took off his clothes and stood looking in the mirror.
After three hours Ed finally finished his take home exam for calculus.
Heather wanted to challenge her friends to a mud run.
It was an exciting evening at the roller rink.
Henry went to dinner at his friend's house one night.
Kyo was learning how to lucid dream.
Miles has wanted a pair of leather motorcycle chaps for months.
Andrea invited Amanda onto her boat.
Omar was fascinated by ants.
Jackie tried twice to kill her husband, Digby.
Oliver prepares to leave the house when he realizes he lost his keys.
In elementary school, I and my friends were on the baseball team.
Some people claim to need a car.
Lucy was on Facebook looking at a friends photos.
After travelling for two years on business, Sarah was exhausted.
Marco decides to ask Laura out on a date.
Bob was interested in raising bees.
Mia wanted to go sledding.
Susan wanted some coffee.
Bob went to the doctor for a routine visit.
The bachelor's party went to a performance.
Lisa had no clean clothes so she decided to do laundry.
Mornings were very hard for Sara's family.
Marshall was nervous about the big test.
Aya wanted to see the whole universe.
Sarah loved to drink coffee.
Jim worked at an ice cream factory as the foreman.
Aki really liked his classmate Aya.
Tina had sampled her mom's wine last night.
Lucy was in low spirits.
Georgia and her friend Julia wanted the same tattoo.
Beth was eating pistachios when Kim asked for one.
Charlie couldn't decide on a logo for his new business.
One year, my family and I were traveling to Alabama by car.
Dana drives a convertible.
James liked to buy scratch tickets on payday for fun.
June loved to make up stories about people.
Bob was deciding on a college major.
Jen doesn't like Sandy.
I arrived to work one day and it seemed very slow.
Gina and her friends didn't have hall passes.
John decided he wanted to make a positive change in his life.
I was having a hard time in my math class.
Gina hadn't grabbed a shopping cart at the store.
Thomas wanted a new Playstation 4.
Janice stared out of the car window as she rode to a new state.
When Tom finds out that he's adopted he is devastated.
Cassie's car stopped working.
Marissa was at the mall.
Julie had been away at college for 2 years.
Earl was at work one day, when he got a bloody nose.
The boss told Diana to take a seat.
I was having a routine dental check up.
Grandma decided to go on the roller coaster with us.
I first had to think of of a blog niche.
Kenny walked into his new classroom.
Lucy awoke planning to go outside and play.
Sam bought some expensive clothes.
Today I wanted to buy a soda.
Fred works at a restaurant.
Trisha wants to be a writer.
Karen was tired of all the stuff cluttering up her house.
my family was poor.
Lynn's new boyfriend took her to a Chinese restaurant.
I got tired of having eggs and potatoes for breakfast every day.
Stan was throwing a baseball around in the house.
I got my first job.
Erica adopted a Labrador puppy named Jerry.
Amanda saw an ad for the Annual Cooking Contest.
There was a dog named April.
Jane was driving home from the grocery store.
Martha was cleaning some bottles.
Stan and his friends went to the bowling alley on a busy night.
I play the piano.
Bud and Ted were rivals on the same hockey team.
Dave had never been to the famous San Diego Comic Con.
Melody was cooking for the first time for her new husband.
A deer ran in front of Tom's car one night.
Daniel was very tired after work.
She had finally broken it off with John.
Kevin was having a birthday party.
My youngest started to crawl today.
The storm was coming to the small town.
Miranda was an extremely willful little girl.
My in laws are having trouble.
One afternoon, I was rollerblading on a sidewalk in my neighborhood.
Joyce was eating Indian food.
The handyman took his ladder to his van and threw it down.
Tonight I decide to cook dinner early.
Patsy was petrified of taking her behind the wheel test.
Jon hated dancing.
Bob hated spiders.
Molly was getting ready for her wedding.
Jackson is tired of spending all day in his small apartment.
We took my niece out to Cinderella's royal table for breakfast.
Ben was new at school and had no friends.
Fred wanted to have a delicious dinner.
Gina's phone was lost.
Lance and Eddie were at a movie store.
Jan was typing an essay on her computer.
Morgan was at work.
The ornithologist picked up the dead bird delicately.
A man went into his yard with a chainsaw in hand.
Mary wanted her mom to stop smoking.
Max was on his school bus.
A bully named Val wanted to fight Ali.
Mark was laying in his bed asleep.
A consultant to my company lived in Atlanta.
Michael is a Penguin researcher.
We live in a city neighborhood.
Seamus wanted to become a hairdresser.
Annie was walking home from school with friends.
Eugena was a mean girl who liked to cheat on tests.
In 2013 I visited the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum.
Georgina realized no one was in the house.
Lulu and the girls were having a trip in Montana.
Janet tripped during her physical education class.
Emily had her very first job as a babysitter.
Tom wanted to play video games all day but he had school.
I had enough of yard work and decided to go fishing.
Michelle always wanted a dog.
Molly studied all night for her exam next week.
Evan was ready to buy himself a bicycle.
Nancy wanted to see a movie, but she had no one to go with.
Jane was tired of cleaning up needles from Christmas trees.
Ann left the house, nervous for her first day at a new school.
My wife got my son-in-law in the Christmas grab.
Tim became a director.
Bill decided he wanted a new puppy.
Earl was on a diet.
One day Tammy decided to take her dog on a walk.
Amy, Kim, and Lynn were watching the 1st Hunger Games movie.
Emily was at the skating rink with her friends.
We saw the Super Bowl in 2015.
I attempted to buckle my seatbelt on the roller coaster.
Jake grew up poor.
Tammy was getting a manicure.
Ivan wanted to see if he could get enough helium balloons to fly.
Ana wanted a new puppy.
Sam went into his backyard to dig a hole for a bird bath.
As a kid we didn't go trick or treating.
Steven was tired of playing the same video game every day.
Tommy's father is a famous basketball player.
I drove to the gym today.
Barbara's daughter had been throwing up all night.
I was watching tv one day.
Sharon was going to graduate in a few weeks, and was very nervous.
Abelina wasn't sure if she wanted to do anything this weekend.
It was Tim's birthday.
Jane was at the beach with friends.
Tina couldn't stop whining about becoming broke.
Stan went with his class to the zoo.
Mike went to the mall with his mom today.
Jared spent all day comforting his friend.
I bought a kiwi from the farmer's market.
There was a boy who played out in the mud.
I had a meeting with a client today.
I lost my best shirt and was sad.
Gina called her friend Tami on the phone.
A troupe of Vikings entered the Target through the sliding glass door.
A man was friends with a judge.
Paul was a basketball player who got cut from the varsity team.
Steve woke up in the middle of the night in a panic.
Jordyn and Jackie are best friends.
Lucy was gardening with her grandma.
Tim was very judgmental.
My dog, Annabelle, was looking a bit shaggy.
Francisco hopes getting a new car will help him find a girlfriend.
My girlfriend had just broken up with me.
John had a fight with his dad.
We decided to go camping last weekend.
Beth was having a great time playing at the park with her class.
June's husband noticed that she vacuumed every day.
May really wanted to go to the concert that was playing next week.
Ada always ate healthily.
My friend Rosa tried to open up a yoga studio ten Years ago.
Bill recently got in unnecessary trouble at work.
Willard started feeling sick one day, and hasn't been well since.
I was going to attend a potluck and wanted to bring a family recipe.
Joe was on the bus.
Jane is pregnant.
Kelly got gum stuck in her hair yesterday.
Tennis always seemed like a challenging sport to Mary.
Amanda was having a very rough day.
Janet spent over a hundred dollars on her new jeans.
Jo went up to do a stunt.
Gina rode a story to her child.
Mindy bought a fish on impulse at a grocery store.
Melinda had always wanted a dog.
Sam was DJ at a wedding last week.
Mary went grocery shopping.
Timmy was playing in his backyard with a shovel.
My cousin has a pet bird.
Julia and Michael went to a rock concert together.
Amanda's cat Loki wanted to go out.
Jimmy Asked the family if they can meet up in the living room.
Two spies met in a wooded clearing.
I went with my mom to the supermarket to help her with groceries.
A man in Alabama wanted to see what life was like up north.
My 98 year old friend's daughter drives him everywhere.
Nana came into the room with a puzzled look on her face.
John's cat was his best friend.
I was walking to my class.
Nancy was driving with her instructor.
Wendy was in the car with her mom.
Beth was going to see her favorite band live.
Erin absolutely hates superhero movies.
I was taking my dog for a walk.
Two little kids decided to play a game of basketball.
Tammy knew that her husband was running around on her.
Haley wanted to do something fun.
Jane lived a very boring life.
The Johnson family was on a vacation in the mountains.
Tim had always been a good golfer.
Gina's mom wanted the stray dog Gina brought home out of her house.
There was a guy walking in China.
Lindsay walked upstairs to the local parrot aviary.
Nancy's life began to bring more stress than she was used to.
Dan was having a bad day.
Chess was not a game the Becks liked to play.
I was 10 Year's old for my first kiss.
Kevin and his wife had a child.
Bob and Emmie went to the park.
Lara enrolled her daughter in daycare when she was four months old.
Amy was watching TV when she found a scary movie.
People remember their fights, but one fight Charles will never forget.
Randy wants to buy a new car.
We had to make a tight connection.
John and his father decided to build a robot.
Billy loved to jump from high trees when he was young.
Faith's older sister began taking dance lessons earlier this year.
Junie saw an ad for sea monkeys in a comic book.
Ana was visiting a foreign country on vacation.
Bess was in her dance recital.
My dad was a heavy drinker.
Meg bought a new home.
Gina and her class had to write speeches.
Tim had his first piano recital today.
Amy was having her first Christmas with her husband.
Jennifer was shopping with her sister.
Bill had been bullied by Dan for years.
For Valentine's Day, my husband and I planned to bike to brunch.
I decided to travel to Sri Lanka.
Benny was a dog that grew up with a family.
It had been raining for three hours now.
Anna went to the movie theater with no idea of what to see.
Sara was 35 and single.
John bought new headphones.
Michael and his family were eating lunch outside one day.
A little girl saw a green light out the window.
A fight erupted at school.
After purchasing my motorcycle, I inspected all of its parts.
A man bought candles in case of a blackout.
Julie was a mean girl.
The doorbell rang and Missy opened the door.
On grocery day I bought two bunches of bananas.
On the reading exam, Timmy purposely slept during the entire test.
It was a brutally hot summer.
Jenny wanted a pink bike for her birthday.
Donna breeds bulldogs.
Nathan was having a family picnic.
I hated oatmeal.
Amy had been ignoring Ray in class for a week.
Jackson wasn't feeling well to his stomach.
Peg was on a strict diet.
One day a little boy went missing in the town Becky grew up in.
Juan was having a terrible day at work.
Tim went to get his oil changed.
I did a lot of mTurk work for an Amazon requester.
My sister in law gave me a toy to sell on ebay.
Gertrude went to a sewing class.
Often times people hope for perfect weather for their wedding.
Quincy was tired of his life working in an office.
Matt visited his family at home.
Sandy was at home with her toddler.
Rita works at a Pita Bread store.
Jake was very tired from working a ten hour day.
His outfit drew quite a scene.
I played chess with my friend on the internet today.
Pat was at a college party.
Gina 's friend Rita wanted to know why she was upset.
Jake and Tim were playing video games.
I woke up with a really bad sore throat.
Sally's old car broke down again.
Jane went into the tunnel.
Tom likes watching movies.
Nik wanted hot dogs for dinner.
Kevin had a crush on two girls, Mandy and Sarah.
Bob needed to clean his computer case before he could build it.
Christy worked at a store.
Eddie saw a commercial for a part of town called Sodosopa.
Amy and Beth were discussing their 1st day of junior high on the phone.
Pam had been in good health all year.
Julia was celebrating her birthday.
Jaris ran out of firewood.
John was in the 9th grade.
John was a senior on the high school football team.
Jimmy had a great idea for a social networking website.
Ruth and Henry went to visit relatives in Florida.
Lucy found a small brown bag in a shopping cart.
The Smith family wanted to spend a night together.
I used to think junior college was not real college.
Sandy was driving to meet her sister.
Bob had inherited $5,000 recently.
Ben was proud to be an American.
Darius went to the beach with his friends.
John walked into the kitchen after waking up.
It was Dave's 25th birthday.
Brad took a trip to Las Vegas in December.
Lulu got in a cab to go to meet her friend.
Dj went to wash the coffee carafe in the bathtub.
I woke up late today.
Sally had stolen my marbles and wouldn't return them.
Abbey was at the orthodontist.
I put a small plastic spider in my brother's tea as a prank.
JoAnn loved playing in big piles of leaves.
Sam was an office worker.
I traveled to the Gulf Coast of Florida in March 2015.
Mary was at a party with her sister.
Tim was waiting for the mail.
Alexis had a gymnastics meet.
Lilly was blowing bubbles when one exploded.
Gertrude's friends are throwing a dinner party in Queens.
Brenda's dog was a husky.
Andrew walked to the wall display.
Buffy signed up for a drawing class at the local community college.
Jane and Fred always met by the log behind the fence.
Brandon was excited to finally go to Florida.
Ava went to the butterfly farm.
Jackie was participating in an engineering program.
Jade had bought a tray of cookies for a Christmas party that night.
Rory the hound is an excellent digger.
Janet was making dinner.
Every evening, Sam played football with his friends.
Max sees a cat through the window, and runs outside.
Jason decides to get more exercise.
Jason and Alison went for a walk.
Doug and his friend Lou snuck onto a horror movie.
The dentist gave Randy his last filling.
Ken needed to do many chores.
Sue got up needing her morning coffee.
Ralph and his wife were driving down the highway at night.
Tim bought a car.
A group of flies were chasing Dan to the shoreline.
I mourned the death of my favorite actor Abe Vigoda.
Christian's dad made him go to bed early.
Olivia was with her infant at a check-up.
The Rodriguez family moved.
As Ben walked to work he passed a beggar on the street.
Eddie was savvy in business and real estate.
Jim loves cars.
I had a friend named Dan.
Laura was worried that her daughter might get a B on her report card.
Rob was good at computer programming.
Ben was in charge of deep frying the turkey this year.
Natalie's favorite movie is The Wizard of Oz.
Larry went downstairs to drink a glass of milk.
Jeff loved his dog Cindy.
Katy wanted to join the marines.
Travis started an internship at a company 1,000 miles away from home.
Harold had always hated fruits and vegetables.
Lou liked to feed stray animals.
The farmer planted a large garden.
Cora was trying to make a Christmas gift budget.
Gina had been looking for her her phone for an hour.
I bought Casey a kindle for Christmas last year.
Ed wanted to go to a wine tasting.
Mark was the type of person who only played arcade games.
Joe plans a trip to Vegas with his college friends.
Julio loved to eat fried chicken.
Fay's toddler had recently taken up marking the walls with crayons.
Nala went bowling with her friends.
Sam was having a heart attack.
Sarah went to a coffee shop.
Chantel stopped in front of the red traffic light.
Patty is like a magpie.
Steve needed a job right away!
I was hired for a job to get people to sign a petition.
Ed was walking home from work when he noticed a young man looking sad.
Gina was in Illinois with her family.
I went to the cell phone store where the line was outrageous.
I was camping in the woods one day.
In the morning, I would let the dog out and go back to bed.
Margo just had a new baby.
Kelly's toddler was suffering from a horrible cough.
Sara was craving sweets.
Fred loved bikes.
Jan's dad met a new family when they came in his store.
No one would have guessed, but Amanda spoke Tagalog.
Carla had one son named Sam.
Kenny was not a suitable replacement for Adam.
Olivia was working in her living room.
Bill kills his first two wives.
Amy was extra early to her 5th period class.
Tom had been asking his parents for a cat for weeks.
A boy was swimming in the ocean.
Little Kayla woke up in the middle of the night.
I began to fix my kitchen drawer that was sticking a lot lately.
Steele was a really good athlete.
Their kitchen was a pretty unremarkable place.
Heather and Brian wanted a new game for their Wii U.
I saw myself in the mirror after getting out of the shower.
Ana took her kite to the park.
Gina was at a highway gas station with her family.
Eric was looking forward to his vacation from work.
Tom was known a great football player.
Yesterday I was running with my friends.
A storm had just passed over Julian's house.
The hotel we stayed at was on the beach.
Liz had a very dirty car.
Shayla had not seen her sister in many years.
Dave wanted to be a cop.
Jasmine wanted to look perfect in her wedding photos.
My neighbor was drilling in his yard.
Tori decided to take her dog on a walk.
I was walking down the street.
Dale was bored and went out for a walk.
Jenny had saved and saved and saved.
Last month I took my very first trip to New York City.
Sam went camping with his friends.
The teacher was disturbed by my friend's new hairstyle.
Bryan was looking for a song he heard on the radio.
I went to the bus stop to get my kids.
Arnie had grown up in the city.
Nita ordered hot chicken wings.
Jordan has to go to Geneva to deposit money into a new bank account.
Kelsi was excited for the new windows phone.
Elena went shopping for a new couch.
Paco had a brown cat.
Alex was on his porch.
Amy was upset Kim liked her boyfriend.
Larry realizes he has been spending too much money in restaurants.
Chuck was sad to see the last Tell A Story hit to come up in his queue.
Susy had a busy week working on her feet and they were sore.
Molly is going to the amusement park today!
Ryan really wanted a new bike that he saw on ebay.
Percy was a good kid.
Travis was on vacation in the south.
Maggie was on the trip of a lifetime.
Sally wanted to go to a concert.
Sally was in highschool.
On Friday evening, Emily drove to the theater.
Sean was traveling across the country in a bus.
Gina's cousin and her sister were on the porch talking.
Cal woke up and felt something was missing.
Sarah had termites in her house.
Ben was at the laundromat.
Tuesday I decided to have a barbeque.
Terri had a pet goldfish.
My friends and I went swimming at the lake.
When it snows, Fred goes to his shed to get a shovel.
I have a date with Grandpa today.
Jason's hair was starting to get really long.
Tim had a dog that was a black lab.
Both of Joe's parents were doctors and wanted him to be too.
Susan dropped off her son at daycare.
My dog Teddy is a Great Pyrenees.
Jean decided to adopt a baby.
I had not went to church at all in the past several years.
The Aveo is the fourth car we have owned.
I was walking with a few family members.
Jose knocked on his boss's door for his monthly evaluation.
Tom was an outfielder on his peewee baseball team.
Jasper notices his hands are very cold when he drives to work.
Tori was running late to school.
Jimmy was mountain biking through the forest.
Amy was going to her grandmothers.
I was walking to my house.
Jackie was running for local office.
Lucy was visiting a friend named Mary.
Ally was so excited to be able to see the pandas at the zoo.
Bob wanted to move to Texas from Iowa.
Jill wanted to get in shape.
My friend Chris played drums for a local rock band.
Sam saw cockroaches in his apartment.
Jill had recently graduated from college.
Jim had gone everywhere around the world in his sailboat.
Tyler went to the school nurse, complaining that he was itchy.
Ben hated running.
Eric was eating out at a restaurant.
Tom was texting his friend Adam.
Tina went to the beach to get a suntan.
Kayla was desperate to get her mom a super birthday present.
Molly and Beth were excited to go to the county fair together!
Jack closed a door on Dominic.
Jeff was lonely.
Jay was shopping with his mom.
Me and my family went on a hike in the woods.
Kim needed directions to a store.
Cassie was at summer camp.
Joe went on a hike in the mountains to view the scenery.
Lindsey loved reading fantasy novels.
Gina had a wound on her hip.
I really need a new toaster.
I love to swim.
The local marching band worked hard preparing for competition.
Deakins was installing a playground at an elementary school.
Emily beamed as she put on her pink skirt.
Ila asked some friends to play soccer with her.
I went to the dirt bike track one day.
Iva was pregnant and had a craving for sweets.
I was walking to the christmas parade when I was twelve.
Jane wanted to have a water gun fight.
Yesterday I went to the state park to go kayaking.
The local zoo decided to add an elephant exhibit.
Tina wanted to watch a movie on the DVD player.
Mandy wanted to learn how to make candy.
I thought I had a right to own a gun.
John was turning 25 today.
Cleo refused to brush his teeth at night.
On the way home from school, I rode my bicycle.
Teddy just turned 16 and was excited.
Neil took a train to southern Thailand.
The teacher was discussing the reading and math test scores.
The weather is starting to get warmer.
I was sick yesterday.
Kelly went to the chocolate store.
Johnny, 18 was attracted to Julie, 35.
My old church was very evangelical.
I said a prayer for Michael earlier today.
I fell asleep on my patio.
Linda easily made friends in college.
John decided to go camping.
Bill needed to fix a headlight bulb.
Last week Donald had relatives in from out of town.
Tim was graduating college.
Jerry was at a festival.
John had been getting into a lot of trouble at school.
Mortimer had always wanted to learn to use chopsticks.
Gina and her friend were watching music videos.
Neil was writing an article about Chinese factories.
Jamie walked from her beach house down to the beach.
Dan loved basketball but didn't make the team.
They finally arrived at the temple.
Erin loved to watch the shopping channel.
Pat's phone storage became full and she checked the pictures.
Amy wanted cognac leather boots.
Steven wanted to write a novel, but could not find inspiration.
Mandel liked to collect strangely shaped beads.
Jennifer was being left with a babysitter for the first time.
Cindy is wearing her favorite blue dress to her friend's wedding.
Fred took his dog to the dog park.
Debi wanted to breed French Bulldogs.
Lara had to clean the house!
I saw a crow above my head.
Deborah and Eric were married for 23 Years and had a grown daughter.
Lorelai lived in a gold house.
Tommy smashed the baseball towards the house.
I played baseball when I was a kid.
Charlie had to cash his paycheck.
Barry decided to go Bungee Jumping.
Eddie was camping with his Boy Scout Troop.
Kirk grew up in a circus in Romania.
When Jack comes to pick up his friend Jan from work he meets her boss.
Guy went through the forest in search of an ancient civilization.
Harry was a big child for his age.
Lily hated mosquitoes!
Bailey hated geese.
I decided to write a program that could write essays.
Rachel locked her keys in her car.
Chad went to the bathroom to weigh himself.
John wanted to win a contest.
Jim ordered a sandwich at at sandwich shop.
Edward was a star football player in high school.
Josh was the best football player at his school.
Joe was making an advertisement for his line of shirts.
Yesterday my headphones broke.
I wanted to see if i could save some money so I started using coupons.
Marissa decided it was time for a new job.
Daniel needed access to a certain machine at work.
Tim's job was making him move.
I wanted to know the name of the song I heard in my head.
Every Sunday my husband takes me out on a date.
Jane wanted to plant some flowers.
Laura's cat had run away from home.
Jean brought her son Chris to play at my house every afternoon.
I used my ruined treehouse to build a fort.
One day, a grandma was drinking tea.
Jenna always wanted to take tap dancing lessons.
Henry spoke for a brief moment in class.
Jackson is worried about his Chemistry test on Friday.
Frank left work on a Friday afternoon.
Sally wanted to audition for the school play.
Taylor grew up as an only child.
Donald thought he was disappointed with his wife.
Tom knew that chili dogs were unhealthy.
Tammy hated being a waitress.
John was a homeless man who lived in a very rainy city.
The captain of the new steamship wanted to  test it out.
Megan was grocery shopping.
Billy was drinking punch.
Anna was visiting Ecuador.
Sally just knew she wanted to be a teacher.
Abby moved into a new suburb where there was street cleaning.
Rich was known as a robber of people.
Hannah and her friends decided to go on a hike.
Eva had always had curly hair, and she hated it.
I went to the store today.
Pat had been training for her first 5K all summer.
John was going to a parade.
Paul decided he wanted to visit Africa more than anything else.
Tom was purchasing a new boat.
Bella loves to go apple picking.
Gaby was six months pregnant.
Tom had to explain to me why swimmers have to shave their bodies.
Yesterday was a stressful day.
Phil has heard that shaving his legs will make him swim faster.
Candy's mom was a surgeon and she wanted Candy to be like her.
Lonnie wanted to have a barbecue.
It was the last minute of Jacob's basketball game with the score tied.
Our son is a Boston Bruins fan.
Amy collected stuffed animals.
Todd loved to make pizza and eat it too.
Lisa told her friend she was addicted to five-hour energy drinks.
Lucy was bored so she decided to put on makeup.
David went to the mall.
Sean wanted burgers.
Stephanie has a new baby.
I was smoking a cigarette in my house.
The parents called up the stairs to their daughter.
Maggie was sleeping at her cousin's' house.
Dan was not a very smart kid.
Joe ordered a sub in the cafeteria.
Gina was watching music videos.
Lisa was having a party at her house.
Jimmy was really mean to Chad about his Facebook likes.
Andrew realizes he has never been to his local park.
Joe was walking down the street and saw a homeless man.
Chad was experiencing a very bad toothache.
Once I was staying with this female friend of mine.
Kim had trouble sleeping one night.
The marathon already occurred for thirty minutes.
Stew loved the game operation.
She wanted to be the very best at sewing.
Michael was a fifteen year old boy with a big imagination.
David invited his friends over during their first day of summer break.
My brother and I gathered some rocks one day.
Melanie was always leaving things in her pockets.
Larry and Lauren are going on a first date.
Carlos is a detainee at Guantanamo.
Tara was a recent graduate, and couldn't wait to live on her own.
Mike is trying to increase his muscle mass.
The soldiers were talking to each other.
Sheila loves her Australian home.
Cornelia needs to write a book report for her English class.
Ants were coming in the house.
Ian wanted to buy a coffee beans.
Cameron and Jake were brothers.
Ever since he was a little boy, my son has loved Christmas.
Cat had been up all day and she was tired.
A girl named Val wanted to fight Ali.
Kay had a horrible migraine headache.
Jasmine had a big essay due tomorrow.
Joe likes to drink beer.
A requester once made me write a story.
Sharon likes to gossip about JJ.
Alicia and Kimberly had just gotten married.
Jen was running late for work.
A mountain climber went to the top of the highest peak around.
Kara was grilling several chicken breasts.
Sasha was just getting home from the grocery store.
The teacher announced that we're going to learn how to draw shapes.
Mark was bad at math.
Tom met a girl at work.
Nan went out with a younger guy.
Lily was at the dentist's office.
There were a bunch of scientists that wanted to explore Oak Island.
Jane was tired.
Kim planned a romantic picnic for her and her fiance.
David wanted to be a dentist.
Sandra was skipping with her dog one day.
In college, Charles had a crush on his photography teacher.
I went on a date with my current wife.
Taylor's teacher gave her an assignment that she didn't understand.
Jim needed coffee every morning.
Gina had an interview one morning.
Julie went to the beach.
Tim was a civil engineer.
Joey went to the pumpkin patch with his kindergarten class.
Jeff was eating leftovers from last night's party.
Jill wanted to learn how to swim.
Ben drove down a dark street.
Chris played baseball for his school's team.
When Bill gets out of prison no one will hire him.
Sam was being bullied in school.
Vera wept as she held the shredded flesh of her dog in her arms.
Dave went to the beach with buckets.
Jake was nervous to meet Becky's parents.
It was mother's day.
Sam heard a rustling sound in the cupboard.
Jill decided she would try a different ice cream flavor.
Jenna had just ordered some sweaters.
Matt bought a stock on the stock market.
Melanie was making blueberry muffins.
Lucy and Lisa decided to play Barbie dolls.
Kylie was only 17 years old.
I have an old dog.
Bill recently inherited his father's pocket watch.
McKenzie signed up for a sewing class in school.
Today I would be going on my first date.
Gina was walking home from the park.
Joeldeen was an immigrant from france.
Ryan went camping with his friends.
Ethan was doing some spring cleaning.
I wanted to start a Notary business.
Russ drove to the store to buy some food.
In the last mile of a marathon only two runners were in contention.
Cassidy was at her friend's house sleeping over.
Jon's friends told him he had a secret valentine.
Gina had thrown up her dinner.
Jim needed money to pay his bills.
Rachel has a degree in Linguistics.
Donald lived in the country all of his life.
Sharon slept right through her alarm clock!
During the Holiday Season my neighbor, Mary, feels lonely.
Jen had just finished the dishes.
CeCe thought she was good at skiing.
Martha went to the movies by herself.
Pete decided to wear a hat today.
Tom was remodeling a house for his boss.
Lucy needed to fix the light fixtures in her bedroom.
Judy was walking down the street minding her own business.
Kelly wanted some new earrings.
Jane was tired of her commute being so long.
I visited several local animal shelters, looking for a puppy to adopt.
Art loves deep sea fishing.
Milo realizes that his back has begun to grow hair.
Vladimir notices that all his friends at school have new bags.
Sean has always wanted to visit India.
Ella loved to color with crayons.
Ramona was walking home from school.
Marsha loved swimming in her pool at night.
John had never wrestled before.
Ana was making a volcano for her science fair project.
I visited Kosice, Slovakia.
Ian was going bald.
Usually a good student, Joan was confused about fractions.
I was camping with my friends.
Jason went to work today but he wished he'd stayed home.
John gave all his money to charity.
I decided to make oatmeal for breakfast.
Bob set a thick slab of wood on his workbench.
Carl went for a hike along a wide river.
Dan loses his job.
Jane bought a new truck.
Ed was supposed to bring ice to the family picnic.
Laura was going on her first date with Bill.
Haley wanted a new pet.
Bob was wrestling with his brother.
I have a pet cat named Nala.
Tim was mad.
James is late to work today.
Alex ordered a new mirror.
I've always loved to bake.
Lisa wanted to go to the beach.
Amy and Judy were having lunch when Erin approached them.
I applied to 7 colleges.
Bob was eating dinner when he felt something funny in his mouth.
Macy finished her 2-3 report on global warming.
Martha had two cats.
Nala was at a family picnic.
David asked his father if they could drive to the toy store.
I took my daughter and her friend to the MFA in Boston.
Kate wanted to play with Jane.
Yvonne wants a snack.
There was a kid named Bill.
Sara was on the phone with her friend.
Pete was hungry.
Rufus had always had trouble meeting new people.
Jeff was reading comics at night.
Daniel used a laptop regularly and started experiencing wrist pain.
Dan went to the pet store.
Wanda and Katie wanted to go the the mall.
Chuck the waiter was bored at the slow restaurant.
Anne got a turtle as a pet.
Miles was a soccer player.
Scott was a hard-working men's basketball coach.
The contractor came to Greg's house to give an estimate.
Jane went to Ali's school to pick her up.
Mike went to work at his new job for the first time.
Brad worked out all of the time but was not gaining muscle.
Josh broke up with Hayley years ago.
Ted was walking through the park.
Amy worked in the gift wrap department at Macy's.
Donald writes books for children.
Logan had never been to a beach before.
Prince borrowed twenty dollars from Zeke.
Carla worked hard to become a femme fatale.
Zach was very tired but had to drive for 3 hours.
Kevin and Thomas both wanted the last popsicle.
Boris has always dreamt of seeing New Mexico.
Arlene still felt weak from a previous illness.
Jon was applying to college.
Jake watched the cute puppy skitter and skate across the ice.
John enjoyed playing video games at Ted's house.
Christopher is sad because he has no prom date.
Yesterday I had the worst motion sickness.
Teddy was driving when he came across a woman on the side of the road.
Mandy loves to cook.
My family was going to come visit for a few days.
Debe was going to make baked macaroni and cheese.
There was a bus strike in Amy's town.
Brent went scuba diving one afternoon with his friend.
Billy was a student at a large state University.
Carl received an inheritance when his father passed away.
Shawn ran out of dog food.
I was at the bar last night.
A new frozen yogurt place opened up near me.
Mary was excited about the big sale at her favorite store.
Mike chose the shortest line at the convenience store.
Jane had gotten a new pair of skates for her birthday.
Our dog ran away.
It was Christmas morning in Taylor's house.
Anna wanted to be a basketball player when she grew up.
Lily had left her son alone with her husband.
Chad told his date, Meaghann , that he liked cheese.
Will had never been to the eye doctor before so he was nervous.
I decided to disprove the Four Color Map Theorem.
Gina was in the car sleep on the backseat.
Roger lives in Texas but is from New York.
Chad recently decided to take a speaking engagement at his old school.
I knew what I was going to make for dinner.
Ava was roller skating one day.
Beth was cleaning up her closet.
Max took a train to his grandmother's house.
I was watching TV one night.
Becky helped her daughter shop for a costume.
Isobel went on an airplane trip to Honolulu.
Shane had given up for adoption Years ago.
I was pretty dirty after working in the yard.
Dill made trinkets for party poppers.
Eva went to the beach one day.
Pat complained about his tiring homework assignment.
Adam had ordered a caramel coffee with no cream or sugar.
Reese had two ferrets.
Joe likes computers.
Gwen was married to Gavin.
George had a ton of books from the library.
Rex played poker once a week with his friends, all but Alex.
Jessica loves to make Christmas dinner for her family.
School started for little Suzy every day at 7.
Amanda was trying to watch a movie in the theater.
Sam saw that his dog was scratching a lot.
Rick wanted to build a raft to float in his lake.
Garry went to the library to find a book to read.
I played bass in the school jazz ensemble.
Sam liked Sally very much, but he was nervous.
Hannah was being teased by the school bully.
Pat was done with society and decided to go live in the woods.
Michael had a pet dog.
My cat is always hungry and begging for food.
Ron and Hermione reunited for the first time in a decade.
Logan is tired of working a regular job.
My friend is an opera singer.
Lucy sat next to a girl her age named Meg in Sunday School.
There is a holiday in my town known as Mischief Night.
Alon and Shira decided to move in together.
James was feeling sick this morning.
Erin had been searching for weeks for her wedding dress.
I asked a girl out to the bar.
Ken found the dusty old book, just sitting there.
We went to Be Our Guest restaurant while we were in Disney.
Gina could hear the bully and her friends laughing at her.
Sally woke in the middle of the night, trembling.
Jake had just moved to Michigan from Florida.
Zoe was having a bad day.
Rick was picking on a classmate during school.
Gabby was making rolls for dinner.
William came over to Isaac's house.
Tyler's dad took him to a baseball game.
I went to the middle school in my town to vote.
Shiloh was born in India but came to America at age six.
Karen saw an autobiography on TV.
Bill strapped on his parachute and looked over the bridge.
Aaron's cat was exceedingly cute.
Ned had not prepared for the test in math.
Charles didn't think he had a drug habit.
A group of parents waited at the corner for the school bus to arrive.
Martha was at Mcdonald's.
Gene needed a change of scenery and decided to move.
An American man went on a family vacation in Mexico.
Mitch was planning his 50th birthday party.
Harry was swimming in the ocean.
Cody was home alone with her son when she saw a horrible sight.
Sam went to the pool.
Lucy was at home on a rainy afternoon.
I needed to simulate a data set.
Lagertha didn't like being told what to do.
I met some coworkers for happy hour on Friday.
Kelly went ice skating yesterday.
Bob was listening to music in his car.
Anna took her golden retriever to the beach.
The kids went on a trip to the candy factory.
My best friend loved riding dirt bikes when I was a kid.
Larry was a drummer.
Monica had just woken up.
Arnold was scared of big malls.
Before Hank goes grocery shopping, he makes sure to write a list.
Billy and his friend Al went to a flea market.
Once, when I was younger, my friends and I were in the car.
Sixteen was too old to go to Disneyland, Jen thought.
George was a loving man.
Roy liked to dig for rocks.
Kenny was a famous jazz musician.
Nora was trying to lose weight.
Sally's friend called her.
Ruth went to the post office to by a stamp.
Steve was training to be an aircraft pilot.
Wine is Sandy's favorite drink.
My sister in law's husband drove an old Ford Escort.
Amy invited Beth to her Yoga class.
Jane's mother gave her $20 to play at the carnival.
The man was in the desert.
Meg and her brother went fishing.
Dolph thought online encyclopedia projects were a noble human project.
Audrey knew his credit was too poor for him to receive a credit card.
Cindy loves this Greek restaurant next to her apartment.
Conner likes to look out of his bedroom window.
Amber planned a Halloween party.
Mike decides he needs a hobby that gets him outdoors.
It was Ben's first day of kindergarten.
Charles hated his cousin's landlord who got angry over twenty dollars.
It's almost thanksgiving so I went grocery shopping.
When we were shopping for my first car, I didn't have much hope.
Sam ran through the empty office to his cubicle.
Neil had just arrived in Northern Ireland.
Derek wanted to cook something good.
We all load up the van.
A child found a grasshopper in a lake.
John had a hairy back.
Rita was ready to board the train and go home.
Amy's mom was on a health kick.
Kay was attending a self empowerment seminar.
Tim was driving through the desert.
Charles and Tony are best friend.
Kevin wanted to buy a video game.
Jimmy was crying after he finished his bottle.
Billy wanted a car.
The group got together in front of the ice skating ring.
Eric wanted to make tacos for his family for dinner.
Katie had a great dog named Kodi.
Uki was a gangster in South Chicago.
My friends and I were playing in the street on the fourth of july.
Audrey had a very important test to take the next morning.
Diane wanted to try a different kind of diet.
Wilma got back in town a bit ago and asked me for my eMail address.
Trish was sick of being afraid all the time in her own house.
Jill was exhausted from a long day at work.
Becca was tired of her office job.
Michelle had a huge stack of books.
One day, while he was driving, Sam's car broke down.
Jack always loved to perform on stage.
It was time for Jane to potty train her son Jim.
Ronny was a very attractive young man.
Seth wanted to make mints that weren't so aggressive.
Gerard bought a new car.
I was sent to the principal's office today.
Liz was a mother of 2 kids.
David and Pam went to a coffee shop.
One day Jordyn was watching her fish, Richard, swim in his tank.
Billy decided to order pizza.
Gina's brother and dad drove of town.
I clipped and painted my toenails.
Chris went to the beach one weekend morning.
Jean was a great Pianist.
Lindsey bought a violin and practiced and practiced.
Every Friday Saul went to the football game.
Neil had just finished a safari in Kenya.
Gina has to walk to the other side of campus late at night.
I was eating at a bar.
Drew ended up getting a D on his first exam.
Giorgio watched the baseball game on television.
We have two cameras.
Bill decided to ride his bicycle to school.
Ian had a crush on Kayla.
The first day of school made Ted nervous.
Fred was in the woods with his brother hunting.
Larry loved to build large Lego buildings.
Ted was a university student.
Roy and Jim were working outside on Roy's garden.
Matt wanted to be a comedian.
Harry and his friends went to see a scary movie.
There was a boy in Gina's class who bothered her.
Fred was not feeling well so he decided to go to the doctor.
Lily went to the beach.
Devon drove to a restaurant with his wife for dinner.
Kay was waiting for her driver's license in the mail.
Vera felt good about shopping for herself at the Salvation Army.
Patty always wanted her kids to achieve.
Jake was on a boat with his family.
Lori wanted to win a title.
One day there was a goat in a open field.
Jill had set a goal for herself in the seventh grade.
Ray wanted a PS4 video game for his birthday.
Linda and Alan went on a cruise to Alaska.
A host of people have become sick lately.
Jessie and Mark were in a beach house on vacation.
Gina needed to go to bed.
When I moved overseas recently, i was super excited to bring my bike.
I took a book out of the library to learn French.
Christina was at her grandma's house.
Eva needed to lose a few pounds over the summer.
Ally and her friends were gathered around the firepit.
Micah bought some sandals in Brazil.
Jenna skeptically called a psychic for fun one night.
Ryan took a great picture of his mom.
Hannah dumped her boyfriend before she left school.
I took a painting course last year.
The other day it snowed a few inches.
Frank took one of each of his shoes to the clothing store.
Joey bought a new cell phone.
Carl met the girl he had a crush on in the woods.
Bob woke up in the middle of the night with chest pains.
Sylvia was starting second grade.
Tim wanted to be on his school's soccer team.
Kacie was giving her toddler a shower.
I made plans for dinner with my girlfriend.
Sylvia was making a pizza at work.
Jake loved working out.
Stan had a few talents up his sleeve.
Sam wanted to get a dog.
Niko owns a pawn shop.
I eat way too much food on a daily basis.
I sat down with a canvas and some paint.
At the Mexican restaurant, Jordan patted his full stomach.
Sean was scared his work wouldn't be accepted.
Margaret was in the kitchen.
Omar was starting his first day at a new school.
Ed wanted to do well on his road test.
Sean was craving some hot cocoa.
Jackson was on a rafting trip with his dad.
Grandma wanted to clean out the shed, but needed help.
My sister in law has a family tradition.
Beverly loved cliff jumping.
Steven's mom kept telling him all morning to hurry up.
I came into a building.
Tyler wanted to go to space.
Ashley and Louis went on a date.
I lost my wallet last week.
It was Kaden's big day, a party for his first birthday.
Fred was looking for his shoes.
The snowstorm was the worst he could remember.
Alex had problems breathing on day.
Jan and Rob kept chickens in a coop in their backyard.
My granny met my grandpa on her nineteenth birthday.
Bob was a man who had smelly feet.
Veronica yelled out her cat's name from the window.
Don wanted to be an acrobat.
My brother called me.
While on a trip we saw how fudge was made.
Mark and Jenni were having an ultrasound that day.
Danny went to the Chinese Restaurant.
Charles needed a job to save his life.
I was talking to my co-worker about a problem in our workplace.
Bjorn needed to get to school.
Kevin never played poker before.
Lucy's grandpa had given her an Easy Bake Oven.
I moved into a new house on my own, far away from family.
We needed to put up our new porch today.
My friends were having a banquet.
Allen was out one night doing some Christmas shopping.
I cleaned out my garage today.
Jim got new shoes.
Juanita had never learned how to ride a bike as a child.
Henry walked towards the bus station.
Cade is a very fast runner.
Matt and I went gold panning.
Cindy wanted to make her grandmother's cobbler.
Joe loved his new pants.
His skin was always chapped since he spent his time in the cold.
I took my dog to the dog park today.
I took my book bag from the desk and headed to school.
Ben returned his books to the library.
Clay was walking on the street when he saw a balloon in the sky.
Ben was a big fan of animals.
Claire wasn't sure what to buy her dad for Christmas.
Timmy wants to learn to swim.
No one suspected that the garbage man was actually a Russian spy.
Ruth was working on a school project.
Sara Liked Andy but didn't know how to let him know.
The mom entered her baby in a pageant.
Gina needed to tie a dog to the fence in her yard.
Mr Ben required anyone passing a note to read the note to the class.
It was almost Halloween and they didn't know what they'd be.
Chris went to an art gallery.
David was very busy.
Greg needed a new car because his old one had too many miles.
Bill went on vacation to Mexico.
Brad loved to collect all kinds of balls.
Amy's mom decided they should eat healthier.
Jane loved to read.
The waiter carried a bowl of soup on the second floor.
A man stood on the top deck of a large ship and looked over the sea.
My sister has a son named Noah.
John was an avid reader.
Juliet fell in love with Rose.
Sally had just moved in with her boyfriend.
Kate and Tim were dating.
Dan broke his arm at football practice.
It was early December.
Larissa heads to her friends place for a party.
Bill does odd jobs all summer.
The teacher escorted the class out of the building.
I screamed as I woke up!
Lucy's grandpa was napping on the couch.
Karen wondered what to get her boyfriend for Christmas.
One day I was cooking in the kitchen.
Annie fell in love with a book she borrowed from the library.
Jim was driving from Atlanta to Austin when his car broke down.
Joe was sick and worried.
Ali sat on the swing at recess crying.
Timmy was about to return his library books.
Amanda really wanted to take horseback riding lessons.
When I make pasta I always make my own sauce.
Jen felt tired at work.
Sean and Sara were about to make dinner.
Carol spent hours making a snowman.
Kelly and Pat were watching TV.
Kim and her sisters had a photoshoot planned today in Mexico.
Sam joined the Army when he was barely 18.
Jason is going to take a trip to France.
On a faraway island vacationers enjoyed the beach.
Gina wanted to get her mom's house key secretly.
All kids like candy.
Kelly was nervous to go on a first date with Jim.
A man woke up and got dressed.
Jay went to the hardware store to get sandpaper.
My coworker Juli is 49 years old.
My son and I often bake cookies.
Ana went to her grandma's house.
Sam wanted to Fly.
Rebecca was having problems with her new boyfriend.
Mary was driving home one night after work.
Mary gathered her coupons for a trip to the grocery store.
Anna's house smelled terribly.
Charles' old car had broken down again.
Audrey's car wouldn't start without a jump.
The town's bread truck driver was very eccentric and called Bread Boy.
Donald never learned how to fish.
Joey was excited to go to his first Halloween haunted house.
Mary was prepared to get lots of candy this year for Halloween.
Ellen was self-conscious.
Melly Looked in her cupboards and decided she needed some food.
Fred took out his gun and pointed it at a target.
Fred and James were in a big abandoned area.
Javier lost his favorite flute on a trip to California.
James collected soda cans.
Lou is a photographer starting a job with a local real estate firm.
John went to a new gym to work out.
Claire had dance lessons this evening.
Ali was at the park with her mom.
Kelly wanted to bake some cookies for her family for the holidays.
Dan spent his lunch money on gas to get to school.
The cashier began to scan the food for Joe the customer.
Katie loved to watch the beautiful ice skaters.
Sarah loved to sing.
Cass loved sweet potatoes.
Mike needed to plant seeds after the winter.
Gordon's restaurant was always running out of napkins.
Samantha was going out for the night.
Aurelia has been trying to find a hobby for months.
Paula knew she would be placed on punishment.
Claire was at an auction when she saw a painting she liked.
Carly left church feeling a desire to help others.
Lilly could not get her loose tooth to come out.
Jenna just got a new phone.
Julie was going to Christian camp.
Two referees watched the same play take place on a football field.
Tom and Mary decided to ride the 4-wheeler out to cut a Christmas Tree.
I sat on the bench with my friend Joe yesterday.
Paul goes to church every Sunday morning.
Mommy put the baby in the high chair.
David delivers pizza to an old man.
The Johnsons always enjoyed their trips to the beach.
Mark was at the doctor's office.
Kevin didn't know what he wanted to do with his life.
I like to take my truck off road and get away from light pollution.
Katherine's daughter and son-in-law visited over Easter weekend.
Steven was in a rush.
Janet asked me out today.
Jane was dragged to a metal concert by her boyfriend.
Oscar decided that he must get a job to be able to pay rent.
Charles was fond of Asian women and wanted an Asian girlfriend.
Anna wanted a puppy.
Two couples were competing over who could find the best deals.
Daniel and his wife were leaving soon on their cruise.
Theo was on the prowl for a new home.
Alex had a bag of candy hidden in his drawer.
Ian had spent all of last day working on a project.
Claire went to the doctor to get a flu shot.
Jill was riding her bike on a back road.
Kelly was decorating her Christmas tree.
July was playing outside.
Caesar was playing at home with his new remote controlled helicopter.
Two boxers were fighting in the ring on fight night.
Students found out that their teacher, Ms R, was retiring.
Nate asked Benny who took his wallet.
There was a crowd beginning to form in front of the stroller.
My daughter saw the Blair Witch Project in 1999.
I used to be scared to share my feelings.
Sue needs a haircut.
Cherry was riding the bus.
Kya wanted to be a model.
Ben was bored one afternoon.
Damien decided to rob a bank.
Jon wanted to eat out.
Jim told Jay that girls have cooties.
Ben is a big fan of Criminal Minds.
Jim was a freshman in college.
Paul always listened to music loudly in his room.
Mariana went to the fair with her family.
Ben was painting Cindy.
My father had congestive heart failure in 1995.
Our son is silly when it comes to drinking fluids.
Roku was a bad chess player.
Mike wanted to listen to music while he was doing homework.
Kelly was walking around the halls.
Rhonda and Rich broke up after three Year's.
Kayla was a flutist that attended a music school.
The boy was always sad.
Tom saw that his waist was the largest it has ever been.
A baker began to close shop after a hard day of work.
Bill sold oranges.
Yesterday I was racing my wagon down the hill.
Jill thought she was the best basketball player.
Sam loved to play with Legos.
Randy was walking in the city.
Janice started school yesterday.
I went to the ice cream parlor to get a frozen treat.
James feared that his hiking days were over after gaining weight.
Emily wanted to be a cheerleader in high school.
Anna went to the city of Buffalo.
A first grade class was asked to play musical chairs during break.
One day, Eden sat next to her friend Alexia.
Johnny was an elementary school student.
Rob had always wanted to join the Marines.
Tim was going to a party.
All of Seth's friends at school drive their own cars.
Tina loved her parrot.
Makenzie is my daughter's best friend.
Mya wanted to be a cook.
Bill found some seeds in an old shoebox.
Ruby has always wanted a bunny.
Sam liked to play basketball.
I always wanted to be babysitter.
I attended a Taekwondo tournament.
Gina was at the park all by herself.
Roger was hiking in the mountains.
Sandra was not a fan of cheerleaders or pep rallies.
Robert wanted to go on a vacation.
Timmy wanted to play his big brother in tennis.
Jim knew he shouldn't be speeding, but he was late for work.
I went fishing one summer evening.
Sammy wanted a toy truck to play with.
Emma was watching fireworks over the city.
My English teacher assigns way too much homework.
Carl thought he was smarter than all his friends.
Amy had cut horrible bangs.
Rena thought she needed to buy a new car.
I went to take the trash to the curb.
Johnny and his grandpa had great seats to the Yankees game.
Paige moved out when she was old enough to pay for her apartment.
The other day I took my husband's car to the store instead of my car.
Bob decided to go to his friend's Halloween party as baby.
Everyday he walked by the mural and it reminded him of her.
Eva went to the beach.
Sam had never been camping before.
Tim loved dancing in the street.
It was raining and the sun was out.
John and his dad were on their way to the grainery to pick up seed.
Lilly was very afraid of the dark.
Peter was meeting his girlfriend for Valentine's.
Mike was working out his back.
In 2012 we visited our friends Max and Roe in NH.
Ray got up to let the dog out but he was half asleep.
I went out to eat with a few buddies at a local bar.
Carrie decided she wanted to try out for the high school swim team.
Ellie noticed a new boy at her school.
Billy has a sack full of rocks.
Joe went for a jog in the park.
Last night I was drinking some grape juice.
Tim was graduating from college.
I begged my coworker Amy don't do it.
Tony decided to take his kids to the amusement park.
Joanne joined a gym to get in shape.
Joe had not seen his car in over two months.
Maria's doctor told her that she had cancer.
I just turned 21 years old.
Jim and his family loves playing games.
Cara was old and decrepit and lived in a retirement home.
Amy and her friends were walking to the store.
The man walked into the garden with a trowel in hand.
Tom really wanted a tattoo.
Many boxes had been packed.
I ran towards the bathroom.
Maggie had plans to see a concert.
Bay was scared of the dark.
After months of hard training I was ready for my first boxing match.
Lily was on a week long field trip in the desert with her colleagues.
Her team needs a home run to win the game.
Sam's boss told her to write the week's specials on the chalkboard.
People tell Arthur his grilled chicken is the best.
John hated the neighbors two doors down.
Susan was tired of how her hair looked.
The governor of my state was well liked.
Barbara had been looking forward to her vacation all year long.
Larry was offered a job in a different city.
At the crime scene the detective took out some powder.
Bill's mom was constantly telling him to tie his shoes.
Jerry can barely see the road since it was extremely foggy.
Lauren decides that she no longer loves her husband.
Amy and Beth were walking to Ella's party.
I met a girl named Brandy the first day of school.
Mark was walking through the park.
Stan had a beautiful garden.
Jrue dealt with leg injuries throughout his career.
Ed was making dinner for his new girlfriend.
Steve was a freshman trying out for the basketball team.
The bulldozer had done a great job.
Jennifer was her teacher's star pupil.
A cop pulled Rob over for speeding.
Our cousins came to visit.
Genie was having a difficult time at work.
Tyler worked at a smoke shop.
Rob was tired of Super Mario Brothers.
Alana loved chocolate cake.
Jay loved to rush things.
Tina had a sleepover party.
Alex liked to make mixed CD's for his friends.
I bought the movie Breathless for my 19 year old niece.
Bob was playing league of legends.
Colton's mother told him to drive to the store and buy dinner.
I had a stroke in 2011.
Manny walked down the street and crossed it.
Eve was sad because she thought nobody remembered her birthday.
Bill was unsatisfied in his job.
Scarlett wanted to take fencing lessons.
Jack was a great tap dancer.
Misty had recently had her heart broken by her boyfriend.
Thomas loved oatmeal.
Howard liked spicy pickles with his burger.
Fonda and Ricky have money problems.
Sally's job required her to wear headphones all day.
Ben was on a hike one day.
When I was a child, me and my cousins used to stay at my grandparents.
Sam was looking for a job but did not know where he wanted to work.
I was six years old when I lost my first tooth.
Ben doesn't like to eat vegetables or anything besides sweets.
Dan was the worst player on his basketball team.
Glen's car just broke down.
Ike drove downtown to go to the dry cleaners.
Sam got on the bus to ride to work.
Eric liked eating oatmeal.
Glen was playing video games in his room.
Jon loved to spend every summer at the beach with his grandparents.
Lucy was excited about the Schwan's delivery.
John had recently graduated college.
Ron had a favorite stuffed animal.
Larry recently took a flight to Florida.
Tom was walking in a store.
Our internet service was out last weekend.
I took my friend to a restaurant.
Carrie and her family were going mountain climbing.
Bob said a mean thing to Mike.
Chrissy's aunt sent her a gift.
Jim bought his girl a ring.
Cathy and her boyfriend were on holiday in Jamaica.
Joey and Tom were walking to the park.
Enrique was installing a new sprinkler system in the yard.
Someone came into my restaurant around night time.
Beth loved hot water.
Me and Diana went to the nearest outlet store.
Tara was skateboarding with her friends.
Lacie decide to try to make a candle.
Hank and Julia visited thrift stores one weekend.
Bob had a midlife crisis.
The library was closing.
Kim slipped in the mud at her friend's house.
Darrell broke his tooth chewing on a lollipop.
Sophia was a neat freak.
My kitchen was filling up with trash.
Bertha knew she was getting old, and tried to keep up with her health.
Amy was making a new dress for a party.
I currently work two jobs while raising two kids.
Chris started writing his new fantasy novel.
Amy was going to see Home Alone with her friend Beth's family.
The Smith's were driving to grandma's house.
Anna was out playing in the snow.
Derek was very sad.
I started my new job yesterday.
Mary has been watching the OJ Simpson miniseries on TV.
Eric had a really bad headache.
George was driving to work one morning.
My cat tried to swat the mailman through our mail slot.
Paul went to the store to look for a new bike.
Sophia wasn't a good swimmer.
Amy bought a toy for a friend's new baby.
Lee was visiting Paris on a class trip.
Sam was trying to make a sandwich.
Josh had always wanted to have a job at his old high school.
I woke up in the middle of the night with chest pains.
Kim set up her flea market table early in the morning.
I went jogging in a field one day.
After Hannah placed the chicken in the oven, she closed it.
A little boy was searching for his ball.
Sam wanted to eat spicy sushi.
Tommy saw his friend playing with a dog.
Megan wanted to make an apple pie.
Jake was playing hide and seek with his mother.
Nobody could pick me up from the airport last week.
Billy was so excited to go fishing with his grandfather.
Sasha thought it would be funny to play a prank.
Mark went to a lot of concerts when he was younger.
Jim wanted to go home for the holidays.
Ellie was worried that she might be pregnant.
A girl came to Gina's house claiming her brother got her pregnant.
A fellow named Glenn was intimidating people with his skills.
I visited a dealership because they were having a sale.
We went to Disneyland and had a blast.
Kim was at the lake with her family.
Fred woke up one day and turned on the news.
A man parked in a rest stop after driving for hours.
For a long time, I used to work temp jobs.
Josh wanted to get into gardening.
Cindy enjoyed knitting sweaters for her boyfriend.
Pat had a song stuck in her head all day.
Gerard was an investor.
Phoenix travelled to Ukraine, to scatter his father's ashes.
I went to a wedding last weekend.
John was riding a rollercoaster.
Sam has been working at his job for 4 years now.
Samantha dug into the ground with her shovel.
Annie and Sarah were at the lake.
I went to the store to buy some eggs.
Fred was an aspiring comedian.
Jenny's family arrived late to the parade!
Eve ended her relationship with Logan.
Lisa was in college.
Amy didn't drive and caught the bus to work.
Jack didn't want to go to nursery school graduation.
Derek loved math in school.
Rita hates Halloween.
My little sister is a pain.
Tom had been on a diet for about two weeks.
Eliza was having a horrible hair day.
Tom worked at an office.
It was Julia's friend's birthday.
Lenny was excited about school today.
Cassie's Mom packed her lunch and wave her off to school.
Liz got a monthly makeup box subscription.
Ella was about to find the sex of her baby.
Nate was the best man at a wedding.
Kelly was sitting and watching television.
Freddy had a crush on Helen.
My wife wanted to see a new movie that came out.
Lloyd was at the bar.
Rylie was decorating cookies.
I saw a health show on television yesterday.
Christa was with her aunt and cousins.
Jon was arrested for robbery.
Harry wanted a suit.
Amy and Beth were feuding.
Jake felt sick.
Pip's mom made a big bowl of popcorn for the family.
Joe was left alone in a house that was said to be haunted.
Ronald had never eaten octopus.
I recently updated my lottery winnings plan.
My son is learning to play the guitar.
Kori went for a walk in the park.
There was a girl named Sara who wanted to try out for the talent show.
Tina absolutely hated her job.
Kate was driving to visit friends in another state.
Jason disliked dill pickles.
Dana was a thrill seeker.
John considers himself a pizza enthusiast.
Fred had been answering questions for the last hour.
A man went into a thrift store with not a lot of money.
Mike was taking a history test.
Jasper notices that his hair is getting thinner as he becomes older.
Sean and Sara decided to bake crackers.
Ted went with Tim to go play table tennis.
Meg's company instituted a generous maternity leave.
Tom was a professional motorcycle racer.
Rael was driving home alone one night.
Lucy's grandpa knew she likes sweets.
Beth was eating her lunch at work outside.
I sit at my desk every day and try to write a story.
My sister  wanted  to  become  a dentist.
My cell phone bill is way too expensive.
One of the hardest thing I've ever had to do was change my diet.
Driving by Julie spotted a yard sale.
Kenzie was trying to reach a book.
There  was a hair salon that was looking to add a new product.
There was a huge exam for the semester finals.
There was a scary, abandoned, small house near my grandma's.
Will's dream was to own a pizza shop in his neighborhood.
Jennifer has always wanted to learn to speak French.
I had a big paper due in my writing class.
I walked over to the thermostat and set it to 65 degrees.
I was taking my economics exam.
Jim made his father proud by working hard in the family business.
Cal's alarm clock rang out at 5am.
Whitney went to her friend's house to play.
Kate had her first ice skating lesson.
Madison was walking when two small dogs began barking at her.
Rich wanted to propose to his girlfriend.
Dad had been working hard for many weeks and was missing his family.
Heather had been invited on a date.
Rob was invited to go trick or treating.
It was a very cold night.
Bill saw his friend be the life of the party at a social event.
Today is my first day at my new job.
Jamie got her dad's gun from the top drawer in his room.
Kya took a cooking class one evening.
A professor gave a test so hard that even he would fail it.
Joey was asked by his friends to join them at the ice skating rink.
Bill was an astronaut.
One day I decided that I wanted to learn to make pancakes.
Ned rode his bike to work everyday because he lived close.
My family and I went to a dog breeder's house.
Joanie was making apple pies.
The Celtics had a mediocre basketball team.
Harry was a detective in San Francisco.
Ben was researching information for his project.
Kathy had learned some new hair tricks.
May knows her 21-year-old daughter is immature.
Julia was at lunch.
Jim buys a new PS4.
Jan has been dating Bob for a few months because he is really fun.
Liz wanted to get a dog.
Carrie was a lonely child.
Jill wanted a boyfriend but was too shy to meet boys.
The last of the crates were loaded into the university lab.
Ben was feeling lonely.
Water skiing is fun when you know what you're doing.
Eric hated sleeping alone.
Hanna was really tired of spiders creeping in her house.
Mary wanted her school pictures to be the best.
Russell ran a small woodworking shop.
Tim left his job for another job.
Julie was so sad about her divorce.
I decided to drive to the mall.
A rare book was on display at the local library.
Kelsi suffered from stage fright.
Gabriela's class was doing a fun assignment.
Roy was a cocky guy.
It was early one morning when I was falling asleep.
Sam got some chickens.
Madison and Ryan are brother and sister.
Mary didn't want to play piano.
Vinny was with Nancy and her boyfriend.
Cindy was playing with her mom's phone.
My family wanted to get a portrait done.
John wanted to have a sleepover.
Tim was playing pirates with friends.
Yesterday I ordered a book online.
Amy sat in the house all day Saturday reading books.
My father was a contestant on Big Brother.
A woman's friends were raving about a popular new book.
Steven is a reporter and wanted to get into a big party.
Kris called her credit card company.
A cat woke up very excited.
Lucy's grandma had taken a picture of her hair.
I decided to drink whiskey during breakfast.
Tim was in his room.
All of the litter of puppies had gone to an new home except one.
I overheard a couple of coworkers talking about me.
After the rain-shower, I decided to take a walk in the park.
Rob felt hungry.
Elly was babysitting for a new family.
Flying in a wingsuit looks scary, but Randy had to try it.
Kellen hated her geometry class, and she was failing it badly.
The prisoner went to the edge of the yard and looked at the fence.
Ann had a hard time falling asleep at night.
Paul knew he liked boys, but he was scared his mom wouldn't love him.
I walked into a fast food restaurant one day.
Ken sighed and kicked his desk in frustration.
A blind man approached me on the street.
Sam got a new winter hat.
Bob stopped at a tree farm to get a tree for his family.
Ryan was planning for a trip to Texas in December.
Amanda was supposed to meet her boyfriend.
My cousin and I were prank calling one night.
Ted was invited to go camping during the weekend.
Sam was tired after watching a movie.
My son finished trying out for the basketball team today.
Gordon knew that his wife's birthday was coming up.
Jake was driving home from work.
Margaret was at school.
Bob nailed Jed with a dodgeball as hard as he could.
Bill saw an advertisement for a new Amusement Park on television.
Mark is a lifeguard in the summer time.
Sam had a craving for his favorite strawberry ice cream.
Gina met her friend Pam at the park.
When I was little, I thought I had big feet.
Bob works long hours to make money.
Luke was very nervous to take his road test.
Tom bought two female mice last week.
Darius was one of many siblings in his family.
Miranda was hungry from some chili.
My wife invited me to a web cam chat.
Jane went to her aunt's funeral.
Larry went to the river to pan for gold.
Buck and Bill were out hunting one day.
Our only market in town is very, very small.
Jude was in ninth grade and never did well in math.
My brother and I were having a water balloon war.
Ben and his friends were hanging out.
Kevin could not find his car keys.
Last night I cooked hot dogs in the toaster.
Jerome felt the car he was driving pull to one side.
Lauren had always loved eating duck breast at restaurants.
Joseph wanted to buy a new couch.
Sarah awoke one cold night to a strange noise coming from her window.
Jessika always played the lottery.
Vickie's camera was dirty.
Elvin needed an A on his Final exam to pass his class.
Corey wanted to try every flavor of ice cream at the shop.
One day, Jacob bought a new baseball glove.
My nephew had a bad back one day.
Briana and Taylor went to summer camp together.
Lucy and her grandma were cleaning her room.
An illness made Jill deaf when she was two.
Alice liked to sit out back on her patio every evening.
The instructor was strapped to my back when they opened the door.
I was playing guitar on my couch one day with a capo.
I was meeting my brother to pick up my mom for a visit.
Lisa's best friend had a very hard year.
Libraries were Jana's favorite place to hang out.
In school, Josh received help from a speech pathologist.
Joe was writing up a lab report.
Brenda is a novelist and needed inspiration.
Mary takes a daily medication for a chronic condition.
I logged onto the Timberland Website.
I met a guy at work today.
Janet couldn't power up her phone.
Tommy's school announced a prize for whoever read the most books.
Miley was trying to charge her cell phone.
Gina was in detention.
Red was making dinner for his family.
Joe was exhausted after work.
Roxy's home is filled with clutter.
Stephanie was very worried about her upcoming Physics exam.
Amy's dad was driving her to school out of state.
Wilma sat at her computer with happy anticipation.
Daniel and his wife got a divorce.
Timmy went on a camping trip.
When I was a child, I was always given stuffed animals.
Martha was online reading a forum.
I had three shower brushes.
Sam thought his truck was faster than all other trucks.
Mary loved coffee, her parents made it every morning.
A boy and a girl were looking for trees to climb at the park.
Tim was walking to class one morning.
Yesterday I went to the clothing store.
Me and my friend Kyle were playing ping pong in my basement.
Samantha was at a bar with friends.
Katie was a little girl who caused trouble.
Nala lost a diamond earring.
One morning, two friends decided to go to a horse show.
Beth made fried chicken for her mom.
Pam took her 2 girls on a train ride.
One day Shaun needed to use his spare house key.
Janice got a new roof put on her house and went out to look at it.
Cal slipped his socked feet into his shoes.
A construction worker was assigned to paint lines in the parking lot.
Pia is a beginning gardener who decides to plant basil in August.
Mitchell has always been good at basketball.
Bart challenged Nellie to go a week without her phone.
Ivy ran into the store one morning.
Jed had been looking forward to a party all week.
Daniel met a pretty girl named Sarah.
Larry noticed that the doorknob for his bathroom was becoming worn.
It was Christmas.
It was a lazy Sunday afternoon and Kelsi was laying in bed.
I loved my wife, Carla, so much.
Jen approached her mom.
Missy was feeling very depressed.
I took the kids to see The Good Dinosaur yesterday.
Tim never seemed to have time for her or the children.
Michelle picked up the colored ham and hard boiled egg on a toothpick.
Kay needed to renew her driver's license.
Eva could print very well.
Jim was tired of sitting around the house.
Lisa needed money to buy baby clothes.
A customer asked for help locating a Vitamin E cream.
Frida needed a relaxing day after a hard work week.
Ted was a student in the third grade.
My Armenian girlfriend accompanied me to the South of France.
Sam saw an ad in the newspaper for free bricks.
Cece's plumbing was out in her apartment.
I recently began developing my own video game.
Monica was putting her baby down for a nap.
My mother liked to cook smoked turkey for Thanksgiving.
Samantha really needed a haircut but didn't have much money.
Colonel Vlasic had spent 17 years in the Soviet army.
I took my son to the barbershop today.
When it was 3 o'clock, I went outside.
I am late on my resolutions, but this week I decided to eat healthier.
Junior is the name of our 20+ year old turtle.
Gina was in a bad mood when she got to her desk.
Cindy wanted to adopt animals because she felt bad for them.
Shay and the girls decided to take a trip.
Jane gave birth to a nine pound baby.
I wanted to eat some apples.
I thought of what napkins and placemats go together.
Last week I needed to get my science textbook.
The other day I was going to eat a chocolate chip cookie.
Bob decided to steal a police car.
Gabe went to a school where others were rich but he was poor.
Jill finally got around to cleaning her room.
Emily was invited to a party one day.
Barbara had seven children to feed and no husband.
Drew took the garbage bag downstairs.
Danny would sneak to use his parent's phone.
Cody lets his dog out to pee.
Terry was walking along the sidewalk.
Pete and Tom were playing frisbee.
Katrina asked her mother if they could buy a kitten.
Mark started practicing ballet.
Greg saw a mouse in his kitchen.
Cody and Sarah were hiding Easter eggs for kids.
Josh and Chuck got into a fist fight today.
Cindy wanted to buy her mother a necklace for her birthday.
William lived in Montana on his family's ranch.
Jason picked up his VHS tape with a glad smile.
Erin was walking home from school one day.
Ora hated going to the laundromat every month to wash her clothes.
Margie wanted instant noodles for dinner.
Charles was running behind schedule.
Alex introduced Tom to his dog.
Thirty-five Years ago, I was called for my first Service as a juror.
Elena was driving on the highway.
Mick and his sister went outside to play.
Cal had a cat named Kip who was always cold.
John had a big work project to do.
Lester was the quarterback for the football team.
Angie wanted to surprise her kids with a trip to the zoo.
Gus wanted some entertainment now.
We bought new pillows the other day.
Pam was on a vacation.
John and his pals made fun of the cafeteria ladies.
Beth's garbage disposal was making a weird noise.
Tim hated his job as an accountant.
Rod was ironing his clothes.
My wife was making a nice meal.
In 1965, Fred DeLuca borrowed $1,000 from friend Peter to start Subway.
Will had no car.
One night while walking my girlfriend home, she saw a strange shape.
Anna's mother wanted to take Anna out shopping.
Constance travelled to Italy to be with her lover Francisco.
Today in class, several adults came to describe their career.
Drew only buys new underwear for special occasions.
I had a date at the local movie theater.
Ariel is broke until payday.
Jana was an aspiring model.
Ben wanted to go to Hawaii.
I wanted to adopt a new cat.
As Gina walked around the playground alone Tami came and joined her.
Mr and Mrs Smith were dining out for their anniversary.
Jeff was a scientist and a bowler on the weekend.
Tina wanted to have a barbeque.
Lily was a face painter at the city's holiday carnival.
Marie decided to make chicken for dinner.
Luanne was going to meet the girls for brunch today.
I went to the new sushi restaurant for lunch.
A radio advisory warned of a hurricane incoming in Florida.
Jen is trying to quit smoking.
Chuck loved to hunt, and his son was interested too.
James hated his boring glasses.
At the restaurant, Frank cleared off the dirty tablecloth and plates.
Jenna wanted to try a new diet.
John's buddy was nervous about going to the Navy recruiter.
I decided to try a new recipe.
Jane tried to cook breakfast for the family.
Lily and her friends decided to check out the new movie.
Rick was a cop in Los Angeles.
Katherine was at home watching TV.
Angel wanted to go to college, but did not know what to study.
Jessica was the oldest of three kids.
Alaina was a very sleepy baby.
I was driving to work.
One morning, Joe woke up and had a strange feeling.
John and his friends wanted to see their favorite band in town.
Megan drove her car on top of a very big hill.
I was drinking some soda out of a cup.
Thomas went out with his friends on Halloween.
I was waiting for the school bus.
Stuart asked Kate to the school dance.
Sarah lives far away from her family.
Jen wanted to ride her bike.
Megan took her dog to the park.
I loved to collect rocks.
Fran has five friends.
Sam noticed a bad smell in his apartment.
Tina forgot to pay her heating bill.
A man read a newspaper one morning.
Merle was 85 years old and in a retirement home.
Gina had been waiting to see Jamie all day.
Kay wanted to throw a dinner party.
Manny asked Carrie to cosign a loan for him to buy a trumpet.
One time my cousins and I were playing at my grandparents.
Jamie never thought that she would attend college.
Brandon went to the mailbox.
Jim always had problems understanding math.
Lily wanted to make a garland for her dad's birthday.
Irene was sad that her family had to move out of her childhood home.
Jimmy choo made an exclusive collection of Cinderella shoes.
The police radio called for the apprehension of a man in a blue hat.
Janet always wanted to go on a cruise.
Timmy was struggling in math.
My family made a friendly bet about football.
Sara was in a good mood so she sang her favorite song.
Jeremy wanted to impress his classmates by winning the diving contest.
Mikey was desperately looking for work.
Alice loved to drive her car through a certain tunnel in the road.
Mark spent the day at the arcade.
Paul was being bullied by a coworker.
David woke up early to make his flight.
Mary misplaced her car keys.
Joey sat by a pond holding a sandwich.
Amy was enrolled in no extracurricular activities.
Rick wanted shiny white teeth!
Paul loved cars.
Vera ordered a product that promised a face lift without surgery.
Joe was walking through downtown.
Craig bought a new pair of pants.
Billy loved apples.
Kelly wanted to buy a new pair of shoes, but had no money.
Robby was a Rastafarian.
Jacklyn is a very bright young woman in her early twenties.
Steven Wanted to go Japan.
Missy love her chocolate.
Beth wanted to make homemade potato chips.
Liam took Jill to go see a scary movie in the theater.
When I was a kid we adopted a yellow labrador.
Tom was watching the basketball game on television.
Samantha is a computer programmer.
I love to knit in my spare time as I find it relaxing.
Mike took his dog for a walk.
Amy accidentally dropped her favorite watch, breaking it.
Shane joined the orchestra.
Mike always thought drinking white wine was not for men.
The girl was desperate to fit in.
Chris and Lisa met the first day of college.
Mandy was going out of town.
Hillary arrived to her campsite in the middle of the southwest USA.
It was a beautiful fall day and the Smiths went apple picking.
Polly loves music.
Kelly felt unprepared for her exam.
Tanya woke up in the middle of the night.
I was once hired to babysit a neighbor's kid.
Larry was trying to park.
The Smith family has four little dogs.
Beulah sold Avon for a living.
I saw this new pair of shoes online and decided to contact the seller.
Jason was invited to apple picking with Lara.
Tim had a toy car.
The smiths were getting ready for their new baby.
Neil flew into Lebanon and checked into his hotel.
Harry's golf swing is terrible.
I love my garden but I hate watering the plants.
Eugene was excited to order the new computer on a chip.
Jenny came into house.
Karen and her friend went to the park.
Pippin fell asleep on my lap while I was watching TV this afternoon.
Brad was always a husky boy.
Anna was visiting America.
Two fishermen were crab fishing in the deep sea.
Bob had to write an essay.
Sue wanted to get in shape.
Jay wanted a tattoo.
Melissa's baby was teething.
Hales found out she was pregnant.
Dan found out his wife was cheating.
Beth was going home after work on night after dark.
Lily had to give a speech in front of the class.
Nina loved to eat oranges and she attended a local elementary school.
Soni had unhealthy skin.
Phil's toaster has very sensitive settings.
Timmy liked dressing as a turtle.
When I was eight Year's old, all I wanted to do was hit a homerun.
Alice was driving her car to school.
Shelly wanted to be a famous singer.
Gary asked Jen if she still had the money he gave her.
Sarah loves to visit beaches.
Hal bought a new jacket last week.
Pablo had several health issues.
JD wonders what kind of pizza to get.
James wanted to do an experiment.
Kim and Beth wanted to see SNL while in NYC.
Gary saw an advertisement for a new chocolate shop.
My two sisters tried to look old for the club party tonight.
Pat lived in Africa.
Trixie is a chow mix dog whose hair gets dirty and matted easily.
Mittens wanted to play with the yarn.
Jill visited a bakery yesterday.
Amy's sister took her shopping on Rodeo Drive.
Julie and her brother always made fun of their aunt's ugly vases.
Sam got the video game World of Warcraft for his birthday.
Lynn's mom called for Lynn and her friends to come inside.
At high school there was an arm wrestling contest.
Lucy was over Mary's house.
Jim was sledding with his friend Anthony.
Sam had bad breath.
Tom was a software developer.
I left my dog out in my fenced in backyard.
Ronny the butcher liked to cut meat.
Beth wrote a story that won an award.
Ashley was at a restaurant with her friend.
Susan was a special education teacher who did not like to call in sick.
The elephants were wandering around the forest.
My mother was very sick.
Drew gave his girlfriend a pair of flowers.
Tom went to a coffee shop.
Samuelson notices that his jeans are becoming dirty and gross.
Tom hated bathing.
Tom wanted pie.
William has fond memories of the forest when he was a child.
Archie put on his new clothes for picture day at school.
Bill had a bad cold.
Sam went into the kitchen.
Amanda went to the store.
Rick received a mysterious package in his mailbox.
Fred woke up late.
Sam and Mel never went out since their son was born.
Ally was walking outside her grandmother's house.
Ted's apartment was a mess with dog hair everywhere.
A car drove very quickly down Pat's street.
Amy was in class when her teacher announced they needed a partner.
Taylor met a good-looking man on an online dating site.
Today I have been working on the alphabet with my son.
Bethany had a boyfriend.
Tim was a postal carrier.
Sarah was traveling on vacation.
We went to a funeral today.
Tommy's secret hobby want to hike in unexplored locations.
Joe was installing ceramic tiles in a house.
Sam had a puppy.
Morgan and her family lived in Florida.
Jim really wanted a new pair of shoes.
Sue was excited to get her dream job.
Sue was depressed because she was about to get evicted.
Rob wasn't supposed to have Mortal Kombat.
Tory is a busy woman and complains about losing energy.
Aaron was having a birthday party.
Jill heard there would be a snowstorm in her town.
After lunch, my stomach started to growl.
Sarah had a blind date planned.
Jake went to the animal shelter looking to adopt.
Becky was performing gymnastics.
Two men made a wager over a game of darts.
Sally felt very shy when the neighbors came over.
Tina was going to make Phil a cooked meal.
It had a been a winter with little snow.
Amber and her friend Emily went shopping together.
Perry loved learning about his family history.
Sam didn't know that the city increased the bus ride fee.
Jan and Steve were out in the forest berry picking.
Joey liked to collect beetles.
Bill was at the laundry cleaners.
I was walking my dog.
My car had a flat tire.
It was Charlie's first day of work at the new firm.
Rachael told her brother he could fly.
My friend's cat had kittens.
It was my turn to look for everyone.
I was having fun on my laptop until something bad happened.
Erin decided to do his homework at the park.
Jake and Mary had been dating for two years.
Joy could not decide on a Christmas gift for her boyfriend.
Josh knew his dad deserved a great Christmas gift.
Nate was making a seafood-themed dinner.
There are two things my Grandma is famous for in my family.
Kate was bringing in groceries when a bee came inside.
Yesterday I went to Macy's.
Jordan took her friends out for mini golf.
Jimmy had to get a new pair of shoes.
Becky was excited because her cat was ready to have kittens.
I cooked fish in a pan.
Tonight I played 4 games of speed chess with my buddy Tim.
The award ceremony started.
Ray went to a restaurant.
Jen loved to wear high heels.
Sara was upset that her family could not eat at her small table.
Joan swore she would never be a stage mom.
Lisa's family loves football.
Yesterday I went to the doctor.
Maddie was excited to see the new Harry Potter movie.
One day me and my friends decided to go on a hike.
I had a phone conference meeting on Tuesday.
Tyler participated in a focus group.
James needed new clothes to go to the party.
Max realizes that he has been wearing the same shirt to work for days.
Kim saw that the local store was having a sale.
Playing in the rain was one of Ashley's favorite things to do.
Tom and Tim were yelling at each other.
Mike had been in love with Jane for the past three years.
Stewart knew his bedtime was at nine.
Drew was running towards a tree.
Rita decided to make her own bread.
Steve wants to be able to dead life five hundred pounds at the gym.
Jen was sick.
Amy started a new diet of raw veggies.
Edith noticed a car circling the neighborhood.
Kaylee and her family visited their cabin on the lake.
One day when I was 12 my cousins came over.
Chris always thought that he was bad at math.
Gina wanted to get another book from the library.
Jennifer went to the beach with friends.
Last night I was cooking dinner when a storm came.
Frank is working on an ad blocking extension for Chrome.
Meg was playing hide and seek with her big sister.
Liz met Mike on Tinder.
Sky was five years old and about to take her first plane ride.
Troy wanted to shave like his father.
Jeremy saw that his Netflix account was suspended.
Ken and Julie had been married for many years.
Bob started to make candles for a hobby.
Tina was supposed to be home at 6 for dinner.
One summer, I was thinking about what to do for fun.
Nick was a young boy who wanted to play with dolls.
Phyllis transformed herself with plastic surgery after high school.
Anne needed a bouquet of flowers for her wedding.
Tobias was a professor of psychiatry.
Jared downloaded a lot of very inappropriate files.
Joan's son ran in the house saying a squirrel had bitten him.
Jim made a Christmas ornament in school.
Lucy decided to go for a walk hoping to cure her boredom.
Rhonda had begun to feel lonely in her old age.
Danny and Tiffany were very hungry.
Jack wanted to learn how to ice skate.
Charles heard about the free party line through a friend.
Evan was at the cabin with his grandparents.
George loved going to the library.
Gina was desperate to get her loose tooth out.
In 1973 I worked in a table tennis factory.
Ben's wristwatch had stopped working.
Koa was not happy.
Gemma walked into the bookstore with her $250 dollar book.
Ava was lonely.
Francis loved his puppy, and they played together every day.
We had some leftover turkey livers from Thanksgiving dinner.
Mitch was in high school.
Julia had baked a cake.
Pete parked his car in the driveway to change his motor oil.
Eli was waiting for the Zoltar tasks to post.
We visited my best friend in college in 1982.
Glen was hired to design the exterior of a building.
Reg and his grandma were watching TV.
Ellen was sick of paying too much for veggies.
Alice was making cookies one day.
Jill took her elderly dad to a fine restaurant.
The baby would not stop crying.
Mark was severely overweight.
Rita was in the woods.
Jim was driving home from work.
The water coming from the pipes was not good.
Bill's family was eating dinner.
Nat installed her new weather station with happy anticipation.
I needed a letter of recommendation.
Sarah wanted to go on a trip.
To try and make his professor like him, John had bought him a gift.
Miles was taking pictures of his sons.
After the three day music festival, Cecily was understandably tired.
Drew came out of the roller-coaster.
Sean was invited to a Christmas Party.
Becky loved chocolate.
Alex was asleep in the nurse's office at school.
Jan got a new puppy.
There was still so much to do before Thanksgiving.
Alice was not feeling confident.
Jane worked as a nanny.
Today was the first day of art class.
The Foley's went out to dinner on Sunday Night.
George wasn't very motivated to cook dinner.
Bob convinced his wife Peg to let him have a rec room.
Bryan went to the dentist for the first time in years.
Yesterday, I went shopping for new shoes.
Chip wanted to be a famous clown.
Cory was camping with his friends.
Julie loved to sing.
Jll's mom is coming to visit.
Liza was babysitting her niece.
Eva was a single mom.
Sue is very scared of clowns.
Emily was walking along the beach.
Jimmy was the wide receiver for his team.
Drew approached Joe.
My dad took me on many excursions as a kid.
Jake wanted to surprise his girlfriend.
Mark saw an old American flag waving in the distance.
Tim was hungry and grabbed some cereal from the cabinet.
Luke woke up one morning.
Remy was a rich kid.
David went to Magic Kingdom in Orlando Florida.
Susan was at the pawn shop.
Jim went to a garage sale.
Eric walked carefully among the headstones.
Terry was always very quiet in school.
Alex was at summer camp.
Gina hated being crammed in a room with 2 other girls.
My friends and I wanted to do something.
Chris had a headache all morning.
There once was a hacker known as 4Chan.
Ryan was having trouble living with his father.
Lisa and her boyfriend were chatting one day.
Mandy just graduated from college.
Ben loved to play computer games whenever he can.
Jim began selling candy in school.
Bernie hates his job and devises a plan.
Jimmy wanted to be a mummy for Halloween.
Kelly and her friends wanted to go to the new movie.
Jack saw a dog in the street.
Fred was a dog owner who was thinking of adopting another dog.
I met this little boy in the third grade.
Ann hated chores, especially washing dishes.
Today I was assigned to do the dishes.
My wife's boss had been worried about her husband.
Abraham went to the thrift store.
Johnny was in high school.
Frankie the cat was settling in with his new family.
One Saturday morning, Bill noticed the hamster's cage was open.
Charles liked fashion.
Ed was falling behind in class.
May was babysitting her neighbor's infant.
May was walking down the beach.
Lauren had a violin and she was learning to play it.
Jessie was on a whale watching cruise.
There use to be this amazing burger joint near Bob's house.
Ben waited and waited for his friend Sal to show up.
Jeremy is a skinny guy.
Anna lost her keys one day.
Jim wanted to go on a trivia game show to win money.
I've been working at a flower shop for months.
The Smith family has a tradition every Good Friday.
Margot was a baby.
Carlos is finally cooking dinner for his girlfriend.
Thursday was my cousin's son's birthday.
Randy went on a camping trip with his church.
Bob really likes to drink craft beer.
Drew took out the lobster from the fridge.
Jim's favorite ice cream was chocolate.
Andy was standing outside at his bus stop one morning.
Laurence grabbed an apple from the refrigerator.
Al was never a very good dancer.
Sam was eating potato chips.
I was fishing on my new boat when I started to have engine problems.
It was Elizabeth's birthday.
There once was a man that lived in a forest.
Tara had a beautiful voice according to her mother.
Jenny was starting Kindergarten today.
John was taking an art class.
Mark loved to read.
Jane's car broke down.
Charles was sure he wouldn't qualify for an auto loan.
I was tending to my garden.
My wife had just accepted a job offer.
Jim wanted to learn Spanish.
Sue happened to look outside her window.
Tim needed to get new socks.
Horace notices that his glasses have become greasy.
Jay's 7th grade class was told to be careful with the bunsen burners.
It was summertime and I was hiking with my girlfriend.
My instructor told me to do several laps around the track.
Linda and six friends were having a sleepover for her birthday.
Fred was out with his friends.
Ellen was on her first date with Tony.
On the cul-de-sac there were two girls named Carla.
We bought a digital camera in 1994.
A bully in Tim's class stole his lunch.
Linda is retiring soon.
Lucy's grandma was choosing a cake to purchase.
Lily loved chocolate but was trying to lose weight.
Jessica was in charge of washing dishes today.
Ryan stood in line for inspection in the army.
Gary was excited for his yearly physical checkup.
Howard had his first baseball game.
Nell was supposed to sell candy for a school fundraiser.
Hank liked dark chocolate.
I bought a build-it-yourself computer desk.
Lisa decided to take an art class.
Laura was forced to put her child up for adoption when she was 16.
Jane was super excited to have a nail party with her friends.
Marie's favorite chocolate was European and difficult to find.
Cade was very mad at his mother.
Cindy made valentines for all the kids in her class.
Ted took his wife for a romantic horse ride on the beach.
Sara is single.
Alex had a basketball game on Friday.
Rebecca had no friends.
My cane needed repair.
Jordan was on a hike with her family.
Gary didn't want to go to school today.
John is waiting for a package.
Year's had passed since Jamie had spoken with her father.
Michael had an anger problem.
Claire learned that a blizzard was coming while watching the news.
Amy loved to look at the stars at night.
Tim hated working his job as a customer support representative.
It was a hot day.
Tim was hit by a car while crossing the street.
Bob always thought he was the best basketball player in town.
John had a problem with incorrectly reading receipts.
Josh wants to start a new business.
Last week we were hiking in the woods.
Lucy wanted to go to a friends.
Seth had been interviewing for a new job for months.
Mike couldn't wait to play baseball like his big brother.
Sydnee wanted to sing songs for a living.
Marcy was downloading some music.
I was bored.
John's neighbor Mister Frank was in his 80s.
Payton was dating Nathan.
The local elementary school was having a musical performance.
Sarah loved children and teaching.
We played a lot of chess at work.
Amy wanted to open a cupcake shop in her town.
A local festival was happening in my town.
Molly was planning on making a soup.
Sam was a safe cracker of much renown.
The Anderson Family loved to spend time together.
Jimmy came up with an idea for a novel.
Tim loses his job.
Matthew was playing in the football game on Saturday.
Last Friday, I was invited to a happy hour.
There was a heavy guy with a big beard.
My father woke me up at 5 AM by slamming on the door.
Erin wrote Cindy a note.
Janice went to a friend's party.
Mary always day dreamed of the wildflowers that grew next door.
As a nurse for the elderly, I have dealt with all sorts of characters.
I decided to go to Mardi Gras.
Tom wanted a usb charger.
Tim wanted to watch a movie.
James had always wanted to work with food.
Lorraine wanted to draw a picture.
Stacy was excited to be going to the state fair.
Mike loves to eat fish.
Gerald is very hungry.
Patty wanted my pencil.
Dan had been wanting to take his girlfriend out for a date.
Courtney has a boyfriend named Chandler.
Madelynn and Colby wanted to make craft's when it was raining outside.
Danny wanted to head to the park.
Karen was invited to two different parties on the same day.
Doug had a terrible stomach ache that wouldn't go away.
Mary was interested in dining at a new restaurant in town.
Jeremy could tell that he was not well.
Haylee hates to do her taxes every year around April.
I don't like writing my short stories on my computer.
Gina had to get her phone back before her mom found out.
Ronda has many cats.
I had gotten fired from my Job.
The Walker family went to the Christmas tree farm.
Lou waited until the day of prom to get his hair cut.
An art student bought 10,000 rubber bands to make a sculpture.
Jill did not like to eat salad.
Kia was in school one day.
Amy's roommate Sue asked if she could wear Amy's favorite jeans.
Tina had a daughter that was out of control.
Sarah noticed that there were many birds around her back yard.
Greg didn't like working in the auto warranty industry.
Faye needed to get the Christmas tree into the living room.
Danny wanted to be the greatest magician who ever lived.
The raffle man came to town and sold tickets for a raffle.
I placed my cup on the counter.
Janice came into her new chemistry class.
My uncle owns a lake house.
I was driving home one day when I saw an injured duck by the road.
Bath ran outside to enjoy the snow.
An barn owl used to live in the tree in our yard.
Mark went to the store.
Jill loved to talk on the phone.
Cole had been out of work for 6 months.
There was a lizard lying on the rock.
Ryan's neighbor had two white poodles.
Three friends rode their jet skis down the coast of New Jersey.
Bob thought the scenery in West Texas was awful.
Sam got himself something to drink.
I bought a new television for the big game.
Ann decided to install the electrical wiring in the house.
Darius had never participated in Halloween.
Bill hates his job.
Jake had recently started playing the guitar.
Penny's father said he had a big surprise.
I've always been a bookworm.
For the last couple of months I've been talking about my girlfriend.
Dan decided to dress as the Easter Bunny for his kids.
Mandy's family was finally taking their long-planned beach vacation.
Tad had recently joined a theater group in college.
Gina's poured dish soap on the sidewalk.
It's impossible to make money online.
The children wanted to collect fall leaves.
There was a new teacher teaching music class at school.
One night Sarah forgot to set her alarm clock.
Sam had bad dreams every night.
Anna saw a great alligator-pattern purse in a magazine.
One summer, Shay decided she wanted to learn to cook.
Sally goes to a school with lots of other kids.
I walked to the mailbox to see if I got any mail.
I was nervous because it was my first day in High School.
Today was Frank's day off.
Melba went to spend the night at her friend Christine's house.
Dee had lots of exams to study for.
Gina and Mary were in detention together.
Tina ordered a toy set that she saw on the commercial.
Kathy had a very big test in her history class.
Kenya threw an egg on the pan.
Years ago, two countries were both determined to reach space.
Jim was having his morning coffee at work.
Larry was baking cookies.
Mr B was an elementary school teacher.
Nadine set up the Christmas tree.
Ben was skateboarding through campus.
Gina was playing a hot song on her radio.
Rita had just gotten her driver's license.
Maya had a popular Youtube channel.
A king saw three drinks.
Jessi was painting a piece of furniture.
Joey was about to leave the house.
Emily was terribly congested one day.
Lindy stole my turkey leg when we were in the park.
Sasha was at summer camp.
Khalid has been practicing his jump shot every day.
Wayne wanted to be a famous rapper.
I collect original comic strip art.
My body was getting very out of shape.
Tom was a middle school student.
Sam was rushing to get to work since he was late.
One of my favorite dishes is pizza.
Emma had been trying to pull her loose tooth out for days.
I love sugar and candy.
Emma and Lily wanted money for school shopping.
Martha was cleaning her apartment.
Elle had visited Jill's house a few times.
Marge woke up to the sound of a mouse in her house.
Bill had a bad day at work.
Bo decided to go fishing.
One Saturday spring morning, I loaded up to play golf with the guys.
The girls in town formed a new soccer team.
Paul had to take out the garbage to the curb.
Sally's child lost her toy teddy bear at the mall.
Sandy was awoken by a  terrible dream.
Becca just got done making muffins.
Josh dropped his phone on the concrete.
Derek made a New Year's resolution to become a better batter.
Bob is a construction worker who builds houses.
My friend loved to play the lottery.
Rick was great with the ladies.
I used to wonder how me and my son's mother would break up.
Lana and Nicole were always good friends.
Chad's favorite band was Creed.
Paul likes to collect comic books.
Jane received a tablet for her birthday.
Tito challenged his dad to a tennis match.
Ed had a trophy.
George was participating in a secret santa in school.
William was a young boy on his way to school.
Frank went to call his boss to inform her that he was sick.
Frank's birthday was coming up.
Ronnie just went through a tough breakup.
Gina was a new girl on a private, elite college campus.
Zach and Kate are moving to Hawaii.
Larry loved margaritas at his local bar, but they were expensive.
Susan works hard at her job, but her coworkers don't like her.
Hank walked through his garden on a hot day.
A man desired an inexpensive method of transportation.
Joe stopped at a traffic light.
Kaden loved halloween because he always got so much candy!
Gina went outside to play with her sisters.
In the city of Compton, Jason pulled into a gas station for gas.
Verna was visiting Mexico for her first time.
There was a homeless man sitting outside the mall.
It was my birthday.
My husband proposed to me three times.
Nelly was great at sewing, but wanted to learn to knit.
Dave wanted to build muscle.
The shower felt too closed-in.
Steve wanted to go for a job but his shorts didn't have pockets.
Lucy was watching a movie with her grandparents.
Kelly was having a great day.
Sean's microwave broke.
Caren loved to experiment with hair colors.
James creeped up to the bar.
Our granddaughter's name is Ilsa.
Taylor was walking around the neighborhood.
A man grew out his moustache to give his face a new look.
Bill had a very important meeting in Washington DC.
Kenny entered his school's science fair.
Kelly was bathing her baby.
Lily wanted a puppy for her birthday.
Bill was watching TV.
Gina was upset to see a moving truck parked at her house.
Manny had spent the evening at a party.
Jessica's town had been frozen through winter.
Jim really wanted to show his dog at the annual dog show.
Jake was walking his dog.
Finals were coming.
I thought cigarettes weren't a big deal.
Pat went to the store to buy plastic eggs.
Bill broke his phone.
Nate approached the court.
Peter felt trapped after Years of working in an office.
People entered the hall where the party was starting.
Sam was riding her bike.
Joe had a huge headache.
Alexa woke up one night to a crashing sound.
Larry loved to fish for lobster.
My mom used to go sledding by her parent's cottage.
Tom and Kara were engaged and trying to plan their wedding.
Billy was on his 45 minute break from work.
Frank wanted to eat some french fries.
Nate was riding his bike through the park.
Nora went to see a terrifying play.
Jerod asked Annie to be his girlfriend last Saturday.
Katie was making a casserole in home ec class.
Kara and Tina were twins who were bored with school.
One day, Sally decided she wanted to make banana bread.
Pete needed some extra help with his homework.
George was hiking in the mountains.
Mary was expecting a baby.
Sally got offered a credit card.
Emma was on a date with her new boyfriend Ali.
Ann loved going to the beach but had a bad experience.
The seamstress attempted to thread her machine.
My brother is not someone I talk to all the time.
Gus was out hunting birds in the woods.
Mila planted a melon seed.
Chad attempted to accept a new task.
Bob had a big day at work coming up.
On our way to a party the car stopped dead on an isolated road.
Ziggy the dog seemed listless this morning.
Several months ago there was a power outage in my city.
Lisa was all ready to go to her trip to Europe.
The coach was interested in a basketball recruit named John.
Dacie wanted to be a cheerleader at her school.
My family has had many dogs.
Jean's husband was always playing pranks on her.
Elijah was out walking one night by himself.
My grandmother had an old chair she used to sit in.
Kay had to write a research paper.
Kate was doing her laundry.
Kathryn was excited about the finale of her favorite show.
Jan didn't believe in superstitions.
Bill went to bed but forgot to adjust his clock for DST.
Tanya was a beauty school drop out.
I thought investing in an apple laptop was a good idea.
I fell in love with the man of my dreams.
Amy's daughter won first place in a competition.
Tim went sledding with friends one day.
When I was five we were going to go camping with my neighbor.
Every time Layla's husband helped wash the dishes he broke one.
Melanie was turning 16.
My car was giving me trouble and running strange.
Jane wanted to surprise her boyfriend.
I noticed a huge alligator swimming in our canal behind our house.
Mark kept bragging to John about his money.
Jane's old television broke.
My old boss used to brew beer as a hobby.
Jesse walks dogs for several clients throughout the day.
Granny always loved to bake.
Eric had a new sled that he couldn't wait to try out.
Greg had just finished packing his car for college.
Jenny received a dozen roses at her desk.
Jane was washing her hands in the bathroom.
We used to play football all the time.
Ben was digging in the sand at the beach.
Sam was celebrating the 4th of July.
Alexia was a computer programmer for a living.
I was hoping he was the one when we met.
Clara had saved for months so she could buy a new phone.
The student raised their hand with a final question.
Harold was always naturally athletic in school.
The first snow came while the kids were in school.
My five year old son Robert was turning six in May.
Joe was working on getting his life together.
Year's ago I bought a lot of Motown records.
Marion was concerned for her friend Sue.
A snowflake drifted from the sky to the ground.
Kevin lost his wallet at the movie theater.
Cindy and her children were visiting the UK for the first time.
Corky had a really bad toupee.
My three year old son and I decided to mow the lawn.
Tom always loved running as a kid.
Phil lived a normal life, until one day he experienced kidney failure.
Mary was boarding a train to visit her grandma.
Ralph was a working dog.
Kate and her husband were expecting.
Tina just turned sixteen.
Last year was supposed to be my 10 year high school reunion.
Brady buried a piece of coal in hopes it would become a diamond.
Angela was the archery champ at her local archery range.
Reza was a Muslim who had converted to Judaism.
Kay was going to take her driving exam for her license.
Jane was reading in bed.
Sandy made an appointment at the hair salon.
I played some video games with friends.
I wanted to become muscular.
I was home alone on an evening.
Gina lied and told her mother she left her phone in her locker.
I went shopping for a new bag.
While camping, Jeff saw a bear near his tent.
Jimmy watched his friend get bullied.
Charles' mother would always give him a bad experience.
Her boss had just left the office.
Megan made friends with the new girl in her third grade class.
Gina had been playing the clarinet for a month.
Lisa and Kelly got into a fight.
Bradley was a chef.
Sue's parents saved up so she could go to a private college.
Meredith likes cheese.
A mom was making cookies with her son.
Mike wanted to start his own business.
Graham turned four months old.
Greg was a boy from a very prestigious family.
Rufus has wanted to play the harpsichord his whole life.
Mitch was playing hide-and-go-seek with his friends.
Mike was the star of the high school basketball team.
I decided to try to bake a jelly roll for the holidays.
Lionel was a young boy with black hair.
Mike and his family were playing doubles ping pong.
Iggy went to Alaska.
I've always wanted to ride on a river boat.
Allen was making a smoothie.
Amber knew she was sexy.
Donna fell in love with him instantly.
I really love to play video games.
Jody was a waitress.
I worked in a church for a while as a youth minister.
Mike and his brother herded cattle for a living.
In the first grade we got a field trip to the zoo.
Gina was afraid to go to the principal's office.
Ana went on vacation to the tropics.
Bob decided to invest in some penny stocks.
The Waltons loved the Fourth of July.
Sarah was waiting in line to try out for her school's singing club.
Nathan was seven Years old but still did not like to share.
I thought Disco was dead.
Marty needed to turn in a big project on Monday.
Preston was trying to improve his yard.
It was time to decorate the home Jamie and Leah bought together.
Fred was the only member of his family who didn't speak French.
Charles was taking a trip to the mall for new clothes.
My little cousin always liked Mountain Dew.
Jamie was pitching at a baseball game.
Lisa was cooking pancakes for breakfast.
I'm not very fond of bees.
The Garcia's bathroom was in terrible shape.
Last night my niece called me in a panic.
I was craving some sort of creole food.
Tim signed up for the wrestling team.
Mila was not sleeping well.
Rachel is in college to become a nurse.
Mike walked downstairs to leave for work.
Trevor got a new scooter.
Jackson was with his friends at a restaurant.
Chad was excited for the birth of his first son.
Tom was coming back into the country from Canada.
Gina always slept on the couch at her grandma's house.
Justin had a passion for dancing.
Albert was struggling to make more money.
Today I saw an ant carrying a leaf.
Manny lost his pet dog.
I was trying to leave my house in a rush but I couldn't find my keys.
The woman drove down the road.
Jessica broke her phone by dropping it down a flight of stairs.
Mark was a horrible child who was always whining.
Payne and his friend went golfing.
Gina tried to access the internet.
A stray cat followed me home.
Tj was moving into a new home.
Tina used rolled oats to make oatmeal for breakfast.
Anna went outside to play tennis.
Brittany woke up to her dog barking.
Myla loved to dance.
Ed was flying to the Cook Islands.
Sam made a bet with his mom.
Maggy decided to throw a tea party for her neighbors.
Yesterday I got engaged.
Ben was a businessman at a major corporation.
Fred was starving when his dad handed him a sandwich.
Every day, John took the same roads to work.
Jim began cooking fried chicken on the stove.
Ben had a goal to be able to do one hundred sit ups.
Today I took my daughter to the gym.
Patrick was bright and got accepted to all the colleges he applied to.
Bill was quite reckless with his spending last year.
Carlos played the tuba in his local marching band.
The doctor came into the office.
I got a frightening letter from the IRS.
I went on the splash mountain ride last week.
My mother gave me the desk that belonged to her grandmother.
Mina couldn't afford new clothing for her first weeks of high school.
Mary ordered expensive bulbs to plant in her garden.
Jim went to check his mail.
A man desired to improve his relationships with others.
Jack was feeling ill at work.
Chase was very depressed.
Jenny enjoys baking for her friends on a regular basis.
Frank was on a family trip.
Yesterday I was feeling rather lazy.
Sam had troubles with his girlfriend.
John was the best student in his class, but he always feared tests.
My neighbors have a grey cat which mostly stays outside.
I had a dog.
Anthony met a girl and fell in love right away.
Jude didn't have his father around and joined a gang.
Matt wanted to go back in time.
Brenda was deciding whether she should watch a movie.
Lady the Malamute pulled on her chain until her collar came off.
I bought some bread.
She was a famous ballerina, with worldwide fame.
Alison was playing in the park.
I used to play racketball with my friend at school.
It was Yolanda's responsibility to hire a new receptionist.
Jo went to bed at 9pm.
Beth was at the Emergency room due to an illness which lasted days.
Al was preparing for a distance throwing competition.
Ken wanted to ride an elephant.
The other night I was home alone.
Tom saw his friend, John at the movies with another boy from school.
Marc owns a crossfit gym.
The small orange cat was looking for a place to sleep.
The Beck's family used to go to the park a lot.
Falling into the pit was the worst.
My wife and I are Twilight Zone fans.
I decided to go to vacation in Florida.
Anna's older sister had had twin babies.
Joe went to the bank to apply for a loan.
Sally was incredibly stressed trying to plan her wedding.
Ricky was tired of paying his utility bills every month.
William moved into his first apartment one day.
I, like many others, often fantasize about being an actor.
Jessie was preparing to buy her son's Christmas presents.
Kim was cooking vegetables.
Angie was baking a cake.
Jane's family was not pleased they had been eating tofu.
Gina walked into a wall when not paying attention.
Roy went to China.
Don and his friends played football.
My friends played a game of 21.
Jim tried out for the basketball team at school.
Joan was a poor college student.
Candice chewed her nails nervously while 23 children raced around her.
He slept uneasily.
Kevin streams his favorite radio station from the internet.
My sister-in-law has a cat named Oliver.
The teacher told the students not to bring any snacks to school.
I really wanted a new phone.
Timmy confronted Billy under the monkey bars.
I taught my dog a new trick.
Charlie grew up growing cocoa plants.
Sam wanted to take his girlfriend to a picnic.
I was driving home last week during the snowstorm.
I decided to paint my nails a bright red color.
Tom wanted to clean his room.
James had a bushy beard.
Sal works in a pizzeria.
Today was the biggest test of the year.
Micky needed a present for his girlfriend.
Emily's parents needed the neighbor to babysit her.
Brad found a gold ring on the ground.
Bob was at the beach.
Almost every day, Terry would find money lying on the ground.
Glorianna found a Christmas bell.
Tonight was an open mic night at a bar.
Ann was giving her very first presentation at work.
Throughout Peter's math class, he had a bad headache.
Adam was only eight years old.
Clark had a friend named Kevin who had a crush on some girl he met.
The farmer looked at his apple tree and counted the apples.
Heidi bought a brand new car.
Julie was decorating for Christmas.
Neil had just entered Bhutan.
I was waiting on line to pay for my Christmas gifts at Toys R Us.
Cameron wanted to cook a romantic dinner for his wife.
Pam was having a party at her salon last Saturday.
The stage was set and the lights were lowered.
Cal's alarm clock rang out and startled him.
Bob needed to install RAM into his motherboard for a computer.
Tina is involved in the chorus at her school.
Josh was writing stories to train artificial intelligence.
Gina had been taking too much of an iron supplement.
I talked to my 98 year old friend yesterday.
Olivia had sent birthday party invitations to all of her friends.
Jill gets a call from her brother asking her if she's ready.
Emma was in a bad car accident.
Marc and Jerome were fighting over Jessica on the playground.
Lucy was lost and crying on the curb when a lady helped her.
Lee wanted to learn to drive.
Kris was the manager of a new store.
Lucy was in her bed sulking.
Eric liked to wrestle.
Joe's mom wanted him to do the dishes.
Betty had been looking forward to Saturday all week.
Mary was an excellent volleyball player.
I brought home a girl from the bar last night.
Lars Broke his shovel while removing snow.
My friend is really into professional wrestling.
I discovered banh mi in 2005.
Neil was a newspaper reporter.
Yani studied calligraphy.
Tiffany wanted to grow her hair long.
Twin sisters Ally and Dally were planning Dally's date.
Jake found a wallet in the bus.
When I was a boy I dreamed of playing ice hockey with my cousin.
Marisa was walking down the sidewalk one day in December.
Julia had been reading about hair online.
Ryan was going to the zoo with his parents.
My grandma took me to a petting zoo when I was three years old.
Ben's car was behaving strangely.
Kara had a friend name Randy and they did everything together.
Natalie was walking home from work one evening.
Ellie and Ethan were rivals on the track team.
Nina wanted to do something special for all her friends.
Marty's shoes were worn out and full of holes.
I am a kindergarten teacher.
I invited Jenny to a trip to the zoo on a Saturday afternoon.
Bay was cooking an exotic meal for her family.
I had a big basketball game tonight.
Eric was preparing puppets for his show that weekend.
Sal went out for his lunch break.
Arnold was scared of pigs.
Marnie was having trouble with her homework.
Sam and his family went on a trip.
Ben and his friends were sitting on top of a hill.
Tom bought the new game at a store.
Ed decided to get more protein.
Jake was cleaning up after a Saturday BBQ with friends.
THe rich man awoke from his bed in the morning.
I walked into the front of the stage.
Tina was babysitting some young children she didn't know very well.
Brenda was at the mall with her friends.
Nia was with her friends and sister.
James listened to lots of hip-hop music.
Ryan was born with a speech impediment, he couldn't speak properly.
Jill had been taking dance for 6 Year's.
The bathroom was really dirty.
I love Japanese plants.
Ric went on vacation to Hawaii.
Several boys surrounded Jeff.
Libby was walking through the mall with her nanny.
Jon got a job.
Billy and mandy decided to go to the woods.
Billy's dad was taking him to see ice carvings that night.
Alicia went to a restaurant with her friend.
Cindy was going grocery shopping.
Sebastian is three years old.
I slept under a tree last night.
Andy didn't like school.
Dave was late for work like he was everyday.
When he saw her from across the room his eyes lit up.
I bought a lot of new groceries from the store.
Sam went door to door to try to sell magazines.
Allie was having a violin concert.
Tom loved his pet turtle.
Marianne was fascinated by plants.
Tom was scared of babies.
Thomas was splitting wood with his axe when his back got sore.
It was nighttime.
Bob had a hard time paying his bills.
Cody was feeling out of shape, so she bought a workout machine.
Art woke up in the middle of the night, craving a cigarette.
Gina had the new single from a hot new artist.
Eric hated snakes.
Ann thought she was a good writer.
My friend Sue flew from Boston to Florida last week.
Stan was cooking home alone one night.
Clare was sick of seeing the bigoted Facebook posts her family made.
I went to see my long-distance girlfriend in New York.
Kim wanted to throw up her dinner.
Sam was at the store looking to buy a television.
Rose wanted to learn to dance ballet.
Every Easter since I was a child, we go to my grandmother's house.
Garen was a sad boy.
Ralph loved Papa John's pizza.
Samantha went out driving one night.
Tina wanted to save one hundred dollars for a vacation.
There was a girl who had very long hair.
There was a sad girl at the park.
I wasn't feeling too well last weekend.
I got to work today and saw a huge stack of files.
Maggie was making french toast for her husband.
Kathy had planned a trip to the coast of Florida.
Gina was at her local bank.
I invited 20 friends to my 17th birthday party.
Bill and Molly were sitting on a bench by a lake.
My grandmother and I used to go to the park for picnics.
Thomas had a tree in his yard that needed to be chopped down.
Francis went to a tropical island over the summer.
Todd was a hunter.
Xiao sat on the steps of the old school house.
My dorm mates were incredible pranksters.
Ava was addicted to crack.
Dora's son surprised her by joining band.
Sara was tired of being alone in her house.
Sam had an important job interview.
Stan bought a new lava lamp.
People considered Irving to be fancy.
A young woman wearing a dark dress bumped into a stranger.
Martin was walking to school.
Tim was late for work in the morning.
It had been a long hard winter.
Jack grew tired of waiting for help as he eyed the large box.
Jesse had big windows outside of his house.
Sammy is a fluffy brown cat.
Fran wanted to be more flexible.
Alex vomited on the couch.
Mackenzie was a baby-sitter.
Marcus takes a new job working at a ranch.
Amy decided to ride the London Eye while in London.
Jen and Abigail were big fans of Taylor Swift.
Bob had a terrible case of stuttering.
Fred wanted watch a movie.
Tim drove home drunk one night.
Emily babysat her cousin everyday.
The mall Santa got dressed for the day in the Mall bathroom.
Carly loved to collect antique bottles.
Henry kicked Jeff in the face and punched him in the stomach.
My aunt was on the way home from work Tuesday.
Jerome and his friends wore dark clothes and snuck out.
I was writing stories for a natural language processor.
I used to be employed as a Roadside Assistance Agent.
Tiffany's boyfriend loved video games.
Sara was excited about the big dance at school.
Kate knew her boyfriend Charlie needed a new warm scarf.
Doug wanted to start Varsity football.
Sam bought a pair of new shoes from the shoe store.
Ella was a new student at her local college.
Rachel was studying to become baptized.
Gina needed to find a part time job.
I felt very cold.
Nan was looking through her husband's bank statements.
I gave my gift to sally.
Bill broke Tim's toy car.
The boy up the street kicked the ball.
Jack did not know how to swim.
Amy went to Napa on vacation.
One day I was on top of my bunk bed.
On Saturday morning I had to get to work very early.
Dave wanted to spend some time with some family.
Mary and her husband were going to a party.
Jackson drinks one or two liters of soda daily.
As I walked into the dentist office I was terrified.
Today is trash day.
Cathy is the CEO of a very large company.
There was a new art exhibit.
Janice was cleaning the floors of her apartment.
Donald turned four.
Denis was feeling sick.
Tina was hungry and driving home from work.
Charles was in the sixth grade.
Timmy was bored.
Yesterday my soccer team won the game.
The Moores had a vacation coming up.
Liza just started dating a guy.
Clara was exhausted after her long jog through Central Park.
Austin was getting ready for his first day of school.
Warren decides to make a pot of spaghetti for dinner one night.
George was a wonderful student who always got good grades.
I was walking a group of dogs through the streets.
Nell's mom always told a bedtime story she invented.
I came home at lunch one day and opened my door to a shocking sight.
It was a cold and snowy February when Kay lost a glove.
Fred and his friends gathered around a campfire.
Josh was feeling very blue.
Olivia loved space.
Maria was at the zoo.
Jay always slept with a teddy bear.
I got a new puppy.
Bobby loved to cook for his wife.
Remy liked to eat her toast burnt.
Bob was never very good at free throws.
The boys were ten Year's old and thought they were cool.
Gina never knew that you could order food online.
Tina wanted to make toast.
Amanda thought everyone had forgotten her sixteenth birthday.
Ben wanted a cake for his birthday.
Jules was doing her makeup.
Tom was in the market for a new car.
Christian got into trouble at school.
Why did all these foreigners thing that Jess did not know anything?
We were standing outside our building on a summer night.
Neil was visiting Philadelphia.
Tom was walking through his apartment.
Dan was playing baseball in the house.
Reese was bored at home.
I wanted to be a chef.
Betty liked fast food.
Leo found a pregnant dachshund lost in the street.
Kara was shoveling the driveway.
My band practiced for several weeks.
Shuli liked to practice computer programming.
Sarah's dog Max clawed at the door, ready for his morning walk.
Becky and Tim were in a relationship together.
I set my coffee pot to brew this morning.
I was traveling in Mexico.
I was starting to get tired so I decided to go and get some coffee.
Jake went to make breakfast.
Monica was excited to see a new movie.
Pete had a flight to Florida for a vacation.
Ed had never tried carrots.
Barney purchased a yacht with his lottery winnings.
Amy was outside at the dentist office.
I always said that if I became pregnant I would want a C-section.
Patricia had loved cats her whole life.
John watched the weather forecast after waking up one summer morning.
Two actors were in competition for a spot in a dog food commercial.
Ellie wore her skinny jeans to the roller skating rink.
When Alex was six he dreamed of being an Astronaut.
A man got fed up with all the wires in his house.
I was cutting planks at work with a band saw.
Sam was doing laundry.
Sid was feeling bored working at his computer for so long.
We moved to Cambridge in 2013.
A man put up signs for a garage sale he was having.
I saw a website that advertised a free copy of the Book of Mormon.
Lisa was having a rough day at work.
Michael hated Rob.
My son did not know how to order food at a restaurant.
I was visiting my cousin in Cali.
Henry was playing baseball with Jeff.
In the evening, the sky over our house is filled with flying bats.
Gina had foolishly overeaten.
The little boy played with his airplane by the tree.
Ann loved to build snowmen.
Tina called me to meet up with her in person.
The groom did not have a tuxedo to wear to his wedding.
Mel was nine and wanted grow tall.
The crew of six girls decided to go to the park on Saturday.
Ashley sat at the bar listening to the music from the stage.
A retired couple bought a recreational vehicle.
Dan went on a fishing trip to Lake Erie.
Davis is very excited for the upcoming spelling bee.
Katie decided to take her boyfriend car shopping with her.
I was dating my boyfriend for six months.
Jerry had an unfortunate case of the sniffles.
My father used to be a gardener before he died.
There once was a little black spider.
Yesterday I was craving meatballs all day.
John was watching the dishes.
Samantha had a large four-wick candle burning on her coffee table.
Elizabeth loved to do arts and crafts.
Jeff continued to hit Nancy with small pebbles.
Alex decided to prank his sister Tina.
Chris has always wanted to learn sign language.
Kelly had hair that was getting long.
Molly needed to exchange a shirt for a better size.
Charles wanted to play basketball throughout high school.
Sam had to wake up early for work.
Becky likes playing football with her mom on the weekends.
Tom bought two ferrets from a friend.
A man at the office looked at his massive stack of paperwork.
A hurricane was coming.
Tyler was jet pilot and he took off in the fog.
Kyle attended the circus with his family.
My friend came over and we hid Easter eggs.
Arnold was scared of red ants.
Lydia was a new mom.
My friend took a bookbinding class.
Kennedy has a deep fascination with youtubers.
While at home Robert smelled something terrible.
Jordan did not enjoy school.
Teresa went for a hike.
The family ordered pizza for dinner.
June was happy to finally be a mother.
Joe was at the gas station one night.
Nancy planned to go to the store.
Crystal just graduated college.
I was shopping in the mall.
My daughter was seven when we bought her a hamster.
Nicole was a nursing aide at a nearby nursing home and a student.
Toni had trouble sleeping.
Wendy was walking to her bedroom.
We had mice in our condo one year.
Tina went for her first swim lesson.
Rachel had just been really sick.
Today Eddy plans on buying a car.
Lori thinks her husband has been drinking too much.
Bella wanted a tablet.
Sally like to jump around.
Our 2 year old granddaughter lives in Queens.
There was a small town in the woods year ago.
Tom used to a very jovial person.
Dave needed money to buy a drink from the vending machine.
Danny always collected rocks from the nearby beach.
Graham and his dog were in the park.
Cindy's best friend just purchased a new house.
When I was young, I loved to climb.
Marcus feels like he will never have a girlfriend.
Lilah loved ice cream.
Adam clasped his hands together, and looked at the assembled parents.
I was in the war in Iraq.
Fox's father was teaching him how to catch rabbits.
Olga had always loved wearing bright clothing.
Christine is heading to warner bros records.
Tom liked to download things on the computer.
Ed bet Frank he couldn't be him at an ice cream eating contest.
Kara needed extra money.
Luke lived in a treehouse behind his families house.
Mary bought a ticket to see the new Star Wars movie.
Pat filmed a movie with his friends.
Mike decided to work on his yearly tax returns.
Mom took me to the movies today.
Tim's first date in months was going well at first.
Yesterday Lisa was asked out by a gorgeous young man.
Martha and her mother loved to bake.
Jenny never used a crystal punch set she got as a wedding gift.
Tim wanted to be a professional bodybuilder.
Yesterday my experience at the airport was the worst.
Keith wanted to become a professional chef.
Mary knew she was going to have a very busy week at work.
Kelly couldn't grow a single rose in her garden.
Lola was planning to go to the beach with her husband.
Matt loved going out at night.
Pam finally turned 21.
Gina and her friend Tami were chasing a boy around the class.
June wanted to learn how to bake a loaf of bread.
Allison liked to eat snacks in her bedroom.
Ryan loved to play with cats.
Kate was really looking forward to lunchtime.
We noticed our orange tabby, Max, was getting skinny.
When Ron was 10, he got a hamster for his birthday.
Raymond went to the liquor store to buy some vodka.
Daryl skipped across the stones poking out of the water.
Jack received a phone from Bill.
Terry took his newborn chihuahua outside to use the bathroom.
It was Allison's birthday.
Jim and Bob went hiking.
Carlos has been single for several Year's.
Ted entered himself into a brownie cook off.
I was floating in the lazy river.
Pete loved racing and speeding in his fast car.
Eleanor wanted some hot cocoa.
Carl tried to break up with his girlfriend last weekend.
Fred went to the new club in town.
Tina had a spot on her face that would not clear up.
Rina wanted her navel pierced.
Neil was working as a clerk in the mall.
Nina wanted to play ball.
Derek has had a crush on Mary since the first grade.
Sean was living in southern California.
Sam had a project to do for film class.
The circus is in town this week.
Kay's vision had begun to deteriorate.
Cara really wanted the new Chanel bag.
Martina loved to dance.
Colin got a new job in a new city.
Mark and his friend didn't study for a test so they decided to cheat.
Kaitlyn had ordered a new cell phone.
Jon wanted candy.
Jamie got her first Barbie doll at age 5.
Tom was hungry.
Yolanda is afraid of public restrooms.
John got an email.
Raising a goldfish wasn't as easy as the movies had made it seem.
I had to take a pill.
Lee was a twin.
Kim ran into a stray dog.
Timmy found an old boat with water pooled in the bottom.
Larry has been looking for a hobby to keep him busy after work.
David notices that many birds gather outside his window.
Sue got in her car and frowned at how filthy the window was.
Dan's feet were sore and his head ached.
Lucy and her grandpa were driving home.
Macey brought her husband to a party.
Jay was having a good game at the bowling alley.
Gus looked at the chess board with great interest.
Katie wanted some highlights.
Sam always felt really sick and uncomfortable.
Gina spent an hour trying to solve a math question.
Tyler went to jail for unpaid child support.
Samantha always suffered from dry skin.
Annie realized one day that her house was in disarray.
Nikki loves to play hockey.
Me and my friend decided to cut down a tree last weekend.
Brandon was on a date.
Teresa was used to the flood season.
It was finally time for moving day.
A bus driver was tired of how his bus looked.
Neil had been hiking across Spain.
Jon needed fill up his car tank with gas.
Jake stared angrily at the trees.
Jamie has neighbors that are blind with two kids.
Lisa worked as a secretary.
The drum line was having a problem keeping the beat.
Sebastian was bored on his summer vacation.
Ben and Jack were on trip abroad together.
Jake loved his dad's old hot rod.
When my father died, he left to my brother his car and all his money.
Jerry was driving to the wedding.
Tara really wanted to win the karaoke contest.
I had an aquarium inside my house.
Sally liked pie.
Santiago was getting very exasperated by his writer's block.
Cody had always wanted a pet frog.
Penny loved to collect pennies.
There was a turtle in a pet store.
Two guy friends wanted to explore a nearby haunted tunnel.
For Christmas, I wanted to give everyone in my family a hat.
Whitney had a tennis match.
Melanie noticed a lump on her back.
Jeremy had wanted to learn archery since he was a small child.
Rita had a birthday party.
Tina went to a pizza restaurant.
Jessica's mom was going out of town.
Marcus feels hungry after working all morning.
Nick had a drinking problem.
The Bundy's neighbor had a really annoying dog.
Harry hated to quit the team.
Parth was chosen to read books on tape because of his voice.
My aunt needed help with her business website.
Ed grabbed his lunch from the fridge.
Martin loved to play fantasy sports.
Rick was opening up his birthday presents.
Ralph went to get ice cream at the beach.
Clara bought a cactus sapling from a store.
Robin tricked Doug into marrying her by getting pregnant.
Tyler loved airplanes more than anything.
Renae knew better than to trust another person yet.
Dave gave an apology to his US friends on behalf of Canada.
Lita was mad that her husband stayed up late playing games.
John buckled his seat on the biggest roller coaster at the park.
Timothy lived in the USA, but his father was from Argentina.
Jenna and her friends decided to have a lemonade stand.
Today was Jim's 21st birthday.
Jessica didn't like to drink.
I took three bites of a sandwich.
My experience as an Uber driver was very interesting.
Bill loved to gamble.
Frank had the day off from work.
A little boy named Timmy sure did love his sweets.
I wanted to have custom playing cards printed.
Charlie and Ken made a bet.
Karen was going to return her library book.
Tom had to take a business trip for work.
Gwen was suffering from a bad hair day.
As a carnivore lifelong, I was excited to eat spaghetti and meatballs.
Jane wasn't having much luck dating after her divorce.
Jenny went for a routine check-up at the doctor.
It was my fifth grade dance.
The young man sat at his desk.
She needed to ease her mind from a memory.
Amy and her friend Kim sat swinging in the porch swing.
Sara bought a pack colorful chocolate candies.
Jared was staking out a crime suspect's house.
Kim wanted to do her part to save the earth.
It was time to look for a new car.
After a snowstorm, Jim had to shovel his walkway.
The teacher came into class and sat down.
Ben looked outside and saw the snow on the yard.
Sandy made a kite for her school's kite day.
Megan's mom told her that her shorts were too short.
When I was in third grade I used to enjoy art class.
Wyatt got a bike for his second birthday.
Bob told his son to do the dishes.
Marge was working the breakfast shift at work.
Monica was really late for her date.
I was out of cigarettes.
Bob decided to travel to India.
Alice was upset about a new rule at school.
New neighbors moved in next door to Mary with their 28 cats.
I met Michael on Christian Mingle.
Monica never went near water.
Ellen had cockroaches in her small apartment.
Little Carl wanted a new toy wagon for his birthday.
The coach told the class to form a group.
Martha was at the fair with her family.
Kerry placed cheese and macaroni onto a pan.
Janice was playing video games when the phone rang.
Every year my family and I go on a camping trip in the woods.
While against it Joe decided to let his kids have a dog.
Kelsi was getting married.
Mark went hunting with some friends.
The once loved museum was dilapidated.
I love to drink coffee every day.
Early each morning, a rooster would walk by Rick's house and cluck.
Ben didn't like art and his wife knew how much he hated it.
Apart of physical education was to learn different sports.
Dave is in a classical band.
Edna saw smoke coming from under her hood.
When Stan got to work he realized that he forgot to wear a belt.
My friend Joann did not like chocolate growing up.
Hector loved to text on his phone while he was walking.
Joey's parents never talked about money in front of their son.
Pat was at a race.
Kelly and her friends decided to go to the candy store.
There was was a man named John.
The teacher announced that it was snack time.
Ron was boiling water for pasta.
Graham was making blueberry muffins.
Rosy loved fruit.
Westin lived in the woods.
Kim loved mashed potatoes.
Ida was afraid of dentists.
Rachel had just finished cooking dinner.
Amy loved The Babysitters Club books when in elementary school.
Jill wanted a Hawaiian-themed birthday party.
Drew was a good kid, wanted to go in the navy.
Tori was happy to be at the campfire with her friends.
Kathy was about to eat a snack.
Jim wanted to be the fastest runner in the school.
Alicia and her husband were parking the car.
Mandy was on a camping trip.
Amy's family went to Panama Beach for a Vacation.
Ed was trying to board a plane.
Kelly walked into English class.
Ed was with his dad at a baseball game.
Zach wanted to start a company.
Sylvia rented an apartment in a very old building.
I came home one day to find the basement flooded.
Meg wanted to go for a walk.
Evan is frustrated.
Nell was excited about becoming a big sister.
A man walked down the street and stopped to take out his phone.
Ron needed to purchase a car.
Donna is an adult that kept getting strep throat up to 6 times a year.
Today, I looked at the date and noticed that Christmas is coming soon.
Ben was trying to sneak behind Jane.
She donned her black vinyl hat, and tilted it slightly back.
Nikki just got a bike without training wheels.
Jill wanted to get a nice gold ring for cheap.
Kate signed up to compete in a pageant.
Mike wanted a change in his appearance.
My wife used to beat me with sticks.
Sarah was in the first grade when she began to dislike boys.
The dogs were asleep on the kitchen floor.
Jack's latest fight was already set for tonight.
Nik was dating Jess.
Ben went to the pet store to buy a parrot.
Lucy heard sounds at night.
Clarence got a break in the music industry, now he thinks he is God.
Cora's mom was always trying to get her to clean her room.
Mark loves to do puzzles.
Gertrude wanted to learn how to speak Spanish.
Penny was five Year's old and loved to play video games.
Bill and Jan decided that they want to live off the grid.
Beth wanted to be a great ballerina.
My sister-in-law had a nervous breakdown in September.
My family and I were traveling on vacation in the car.
I started a diet yesterday.
Jen knew every language that Google did, which was quite a lot.
Kelly got a hair straightener for her birthday.
Sal's favorite food of all time was salmon.
A small baby was napping on the couch.
Tom loved very spicy food.
I was reading at night.
Gina's grandpa had waited in the car 15 minutes while she shopped.
I have always hated Valentine's Day, until I met my boyfriend.
Gertrude wanted to tell more people about her world travels.
Willard can't do any work.
Yesterday I was driving home from my mother's house.
Hana went back to Hawaii to see her aunts and uncles.
Eva had just gotten a cat, and she loved it.
Samantha was counting down the hours.
Nick hated his short hair.
Sara was a very mean person.
Johnson had always dreamed of visiting Los Angeles.
He slowly moved his hands down her body.
Quinn began as a drummer.
Kristin is making a very special supper for her picky husband Joe.
Shirley bought a new yellow dress for her daughter's wedding.
Jenna was going on a long hike.
Wayne was late for class.
Lacy found a cat on her way home from school.
Kelly is shy but very beautiful.
The boss stood in front of his employees to give a speech.
Holly lives in Pennsylvania where 2 feet of snow has fallen recently.
Brian was having frequent backaches.
Tim was making a cake.
Brianna looked around quickly when the vase broke.
Ken and Bella were friends who occasionally slept together.
Lucy couldn't open the spaghetti jar.
One morning my husband woke me up with a worried look on his face.
Elisabeth came home from school.
Amy wanted to use the phone but her mother was on it.
Shana came home from work one afternoon.
Jackson wanted to run a half-marathon.
John stole a sweater from the mall.
I wanted to check my latest work schedule.
Mickey was a math genius.
Jasper needs to do some home improvement.
Chance had angered one of his friends inadvertently.
Oliver had just brought a pumpkin.
I had gotten a stink bomb from my cousin.
It was the first night of Emily's play.
Tim was shopping for jeans.
My friends and I went out for New Year's Eve.
Gina and her siblings were listening to rap music.
The Howards love Vermont and they visited every summer.
Tara heard strange sounds coming from her attic.
The nurse placed me into a room.
Jason needed a new cell phone.
On a golf trip we stopped to get a morning coffee.
Derrick loved the monkey bars.
The Smith family was invited by their cousins to their farm.
Molly had no coat.
Elias and Taylor were ready for the next step in their relationship.
On top of the rock, the lion surveyed his domain.
Scott was called to the principal's office.
There was a knock on Bob's door late at night.
There was a little girl named Tawny who went to the fair.
Scot was afraid of dogs.
I was best friends with Michelle as a kid.
Jeff has band practice every Wednesday night.
Tess wanted to make her family pizza for dinner.
Biff liked to be a bully at school.
Ed quit his job after he got tired of his boss yelling at him.
Jay wanted to go to his junior prom.
Peter's favorite activity was playing cards.
John is an avid snowboarder.
A man went dancing at a night club.
Ronda had always wanted to see a rhinoceros.
Fran watched a tennis game on television.
Noah worked as a waiter in a fancy restaurant.
Pancho decided to open a music store.
My grandpa had a dog named Boy.
I went to a Detroit Lions game for my birthday.
Rob and his little brother were both programmers.
Gene liked the internet.
Scott needed a job.
Daniel felt like his front yard was too bare.
Sam loved cooking, but her school had no cooking club.
Jake was walking home.
Henry exchanged $45 with Hannah for a new pair of shoes.
Dana waited for her cousin to bring her lawn mower back.
Luke and his class visited the senior center on Veterans Day.
One day a stranger came to our farm.
Sue wanted to start a blog as a part time hobby.
I once went out for a glass of wine alone.
All Tom's life, he had only one dream for his future.
Stacy and her friends decided to play charades.
Sam was waiting at a bus stop.
Ann wanted to be a fashion model.
Linda loved the snow.
Eric was having a hard time financially.
I fed my dog some pork.
My son and I found a lot of dead bees in the swimming pool.
Two friends traveled to New Zealand for a vacation.
Amanda had been asked to dinner by the new guy in class, Brad.
Jasper wants to make a little extra money.
We decided to get married on the beach.
James graduated from the university a year ago.
David had never experienced a big sting.
James got sick last week.
Samantha was a senior in high school.
Steve was eating in his room one night.
Tina went swimming in her backyard pool only to find something out.
Jordan and her friends got together yesterday for tea time.
Linda loved her new patio enclosure.
Anna walked into math class.
Joy decided that her bathroom needed a good cleaning.
Nathan wanted people to donate to his forum.
Kado decided to steal his friend's expensive watch.
James worked at a department store.
Kris loved water sports.
Olivia went to her favorite ice cream shop yesterday.
Sandra was a very large woman.
Thomas smoked 2 or 3 packs of cigarettes per day.
Kathy was on a road trip.
The Smiths had just gotten married.
Tahar went to get Kindle.
Marcy picked up a prescription at the pharmacy.
Julie wants to find a way to volunteer.
Jane was pregnant and riding on the bus.
Amy had gotten a new watch for her birthday.
Betty's friend was very thoughtful and often sent her gifts.
The family went on a road trip across the country.
The sky rained down upon a small town after a long drought.
Henry wanted a cell phone for Christmas, nothing else.
Ivory wanted to make scrambled eggs for breakfast.
Amy's mother went out and left the kids home.
Nate had just bought a new watch.
Jackie never liked sports.
As I child I came across a worm crawling, as I was playing.
Barry felt like fishing so he went to the pier.
Richard was scared of dogs.
Yesterday I celebrated my thirty fourth birthday today.
Pete wanted to get more people to come to his pizzeria.
Sandy needed a car.
Lucy was so excited that she got tickets for Fifth Harmony.
A poor man went to the bank to beg for money.
I read an article about a man finding a bear in his dumpster.
I've always had a desire to go skydiving.
Bill loved the challenge of navigating wild landscapes.
Charles' car wouldn't start one morning.
Rita was out of shape.
Eric was getting ready for a first date.
This was Lila's first time camping with her family.
Kristy didn't have food in her house and wanted to eat dinner.
Debbie feels unloved in her relationship with her husband.
Yesterday Jerry was at work as usual, waiting on tables.
On Friday, Mike and his dad went on a hike in the mountains.
The trial going on needed an expert witness.
Andrea and Kylie were in class.
Bill loved to play in the forest.
Tom loved swimming.
During the last period of the day, an announcement was made.
Ray went out back with a telescope one night.
The Smith's couldn't find their cat anywhere.
Eric was really self conscious of his weight.
We were pretty sure our goose was a male.
Oliver went to science class one day.
Isabel loved to play her flute.
Tom was born with a genetic disorder.
Chris and his wife are having a baby.
Andre asked his parents for a puppy.
Tina was the backup singer in a band.
Samantha was training for an obstacle course race.
When I was a kid, I took a trip to Texas with my dad.
I wanted to build a casino.
Jim was driving down the road one day really fast.
Joe had cancer.
Matt was playing outfield for his school baseball team.
The only thing I had of my dad's was his iguana.
Sue was in her room.
Adam was swinging on the monkey bars one day.
It was the weekend after Thanksgiving.
In 2013 we sold our condo.
I used to have both a dog and a cat.
Sam was afraid of his mean, old neighbor, Mrs June.
Edgar loved his family's mastiffs, but he wished for a horse.
loving a woman is something all men really want.
I took my son to the alligator farm.
Nessa had failed math class.
Every day at school, Billy ate tacos.
Kim had been accused of theft and she sat sadly in jail.
Cody wanted to make the world a better place and give blood.
Ginger is a very jealous person.
Alex's was home with his dad.
Jon loved animals.
Laura wanted to adopt a kitten.
I think about balls all the time.
Kerry got tickets to the Lions game.
Sam was driving his car.
Amy had a crush on Ray.
The minister had to fix the weathervane on top of the church steeple.
My sister in law called me today.
Sam wanted to go to bed, but thought he'd do just one more task.
Jake was hiking with his friends.
The local cafe has a lot of paintings.
Ed knew he had a math exam tomorrow.
Wanda and her husband were big fans of the local teams.
It was time to plan my daughter's sweet 16 party.
Luke lived in the desert with his aunt and uncle.
The Winslow family was driving down the road.
Amy decided to get a burrito on her lunch break.
Richard's old phone broke so he decided to get a new phone.
Rachel was sick of the long lunch lines.
Tim was trying to draw the perfect circle.
I used to live in the desert.
Daisy is working in her office when she feels contractions.
My favorite band was in town.
Robert had so much homework he didn't know how he would do it all.
Sam wanted to buy new clothes for the winter.
I got my hair permed by a friend.
Neil was journeying through the Middle East.
Doug slept with Tracy.
Paul had been build a 68 Camaro for two Year's.
Ben put all his things in his bag to get ready for school.
Boris had a heart attack.
George read that a farmer's market would be nearby on the weekend.
Steve had some friends over.
Chuck lay in his beach chair reading a good book.
I woke them up early in the morning yesterday.
My cat went missing the other night!
Hank cried as I tied him to the rails.
Dan played cars with his brother Rob.
I was awakened one night by a weird howling from outside.
Drew was trying to write his novel.
Chuck sat at the bank of the river fishing.
Jane was having brunch with some friends.
My 98 year old friend visited me today.
Tommy was eating some dinner and his mom gave it to him.
Jane was in the bathroom.
Max was scared of cleaning.
Mimi ate at Chipotle on Friday.
My girlfriend and I were watching a movie at night.
Judy loved her cat.
My friend was walking around a pool.
Jonelle wanted a new skirt.
Mary's son had been begging her to buy a certain video game.
I open the mail in our office.
Maggie favorite thing is to have her hair cut and styled.
Lenny was desperately looking for work.
Prom season was just a month away.
Maria grew many vegetables in her garden.
Kelly has never been to a Broadway show before.
Ariel loved dogs.
Rita had to travel to NYC.
Jerry went to Dairy queen to eat some ice cream.
Dina stole $10 from her mom's bag and bought Betsy, ann $8 doll.
The man dressed as Santa Claus had been robbed twice that week.
An encyclopedia salesman came to a house.
Was waiting for my new video game console to come to the mail.
Tim spent all morning raking leaves.
Janice woke up extremely tired.
I went out and bought a new computer yesterday.
I was writing a letter to my grandparents.
There was a boy named Jesse.
Charles gets off work on friday.
Negra the dog was hungry that morning.
Rana was visiting a strange country on her own.
Jason loved winter.
Tom was drinking apple juice.
I live near one of the Great Lakes.
Mickey wanted strawberry ice cream.
Jim was going on a road trip.
Westley had to clean his room on Sunday.
Kelly's favorite author was coming to town.
Flagg wanted to go shopping.
On Saturday afternoon the Smith family drove downtown.
Everyone walked into the front of the stage.
Billy was a skilled guitar player.
Joe wanted to join The Army.
Terri wanted a cat.
Cassie's shirts all fit her strangely.
Alana had written several best-selling fantasy novels.
Ryan spent hours every day at the bowling alley.
Paul was abused by his mother as a young boy.
Rick opened the window in his room to let in cool air.
Jill always wanted to go to Greece.
Ora did badly in school on her first report card.
Milly's class was visiting a real working farm.
Justin built a big snow fort last week.
The smiths decided it would be fun to go a trip to Disney.
The house next door was abandoned.
My grandparents bought me a kite one day.
Sarah and Allen went to a sushi restaurant.
Tony had a fear of earthquakes.
Joshua needed a new job.
Carol decided to have a day at the spa.
Rachel's mother's birthday was tomorrow.
I was walking my dog at lunchtime when I passed by a pickup truck.
Jill was very nervous for her first day of second grade.
Rhonda was having problems with roaches.
We would always pester Bishop about his first name.
When Jill doesn't come home Dan is concerned about his roommate.
Izzie was at the pumpkin patch.
Ken was great at soccer.
Evan wanted to teach his dog to do tricks.
Samantha walked outside.
Dean loved to hike.
Amelia has been having trouble paying her student loan debt.
A young man wanted to improve his basketball skills.
I noticed my kitchen was getting dirty.
The store where I work sometimes has lots of shoppers.
A jet pilot fell in love with the moon.
My dog ate a whole plate of bacon by himself.
Emma was cleaning out her car.
Kelly and her friends went to a brand new restaurant to test it.
Amber really wanted a puppy.
Ken set to break the record for most dominos fallen from one setup.
I wanted to surprise my little cousin Timmy.
I left my phone at the store while shopping.
Mya wanted to throw her brother a birthday party.
Zach was getting tired of living with Jen.
Ken's niece had her car repaired at a local dealership.
Peter adopted a dog from the pound one day.
Eli trudged through the forest looking for naughty polluters.
Bob was bored.
Nina had a problem with cocaine.
The mob was looking for Andy.
Neil didn't want his younger brother, Tod, to use his computer.
I work as a florist.
Horror movies were Julian's favorites.
Max was walking down the street.
The automated robotic cleaner was cleaning the floor.
Joey went to the dentist.
Joey went out to eat at a restaurant.
My brothers daughter was at the party.
Gina had a boyfriend, and she was happy with him.
Jack had been eyeing a prize in his teacher's prize box all year.
Tom was a college student.
I went to Church Camp one year.
Adam took a walk.
Anna went to San Francisco.
A man came to the local TV station with an odd request.
Jack went to buy a fur coat.
Minh was born in Eastern Asia and never had parents.
Max was coming home from a camping trip.
My sister in law is a smoker.
Nina was unhappy that she'd been putting on weight lately.
Bill was all excited for the big move.
Michael told Charles the way to make it was in a Rap group.
Max was outside of his apartment smoking.
A family of children was left home alone by their parents.
Richard started taking dance lessons at his local gym.
George was trying to eat his lunch.
Leo had just removed the training wheels from his bike.
Peso the Penguin wanted to make a difference.
Last week I made Gnocchi for my girlfriend.
Molly needed to put away some blocks.
Morgan obtained a lease one day.
Misses Sky walked into her math class.
Molly was trying to enjoy a movie.
Kelly and Fred were about to go on their first date.
The firemen heard the alarm.
Mike plays basketball at the park.
Esther took her grandchildren to the mall to shop for their parents.
My old boss started a brewery business in Lowell recently.
Ian was at his friend's house.
Derrick hasn't told his family about the baby he adopted.
Iva wanted to buy a dog.
Gina's brother Jay had been gone for a week.
Sara got a phone call she never wanted.
The girl was sitting on the grass.
I was on a tour inside the forest with Maddie.
Tina went for a walk one afternoon like she always does.
I went to the casino around night time.
Olivia hated karaoke.
Jake stayed out late one night.
Dan bought a single large cucumber.
I was lonely as a child.
A boy looked at an apple tree and saw the fruit at the top.
Amy was excited to go to volleyball practice.
Life was too simple for Gemini.
Gina was waiting for her phone to charge in the front seat.
I just got through the first week of the semester.
Jackson loved making funny videos.
Dora came from a nice family that lived in a bad neighborhood.
Evan was performing in the community play.
Brad was a soccer coach inflating soccer balls for practice.
Alan came home from hunting one afternoon.
Cam decided that he should be the king of his street.
Sammy was trying to light a cigarette.
Grace wants to make dinner without going to the supermarket.
There was a curious scene on the playground.
Mark didn't know if he liked the other tenant.
Anna whined a lot.
Bob and Jerry were coworkers at a tough job.
Lisa brought home a wheel of cheesecake.
Every couple of years a new game console comes out.
Kim has always loved horses since she was a little girl.
The teacher was reviewing the homework in class.
Jane was writing an essay about about cats.
Opal picked up the gift.
Jester started out with a square piece of paper.
Bob decided to build a new shed.
Adam was excited to set up an aquarium.
Smoke appeared on the horizon.
Jim gets bullied and beaten every day at his new school.
Darlene and Bill were highschool sweethearts 50 years ago.
I never met my real mom.
Tim was making some coffee in the morning.
The lifting contest began.
Vivian's teeth hurt very badly.
The family gathered together in one group.
Today we are going to the polo match.
The airplane took off as soon as everyone got on board.
Matt got an ipad for christmas yesterday.
Paul and his wife Jean have three daughters but they want a son.
Dan painted a string of swastikas on the curb in front of his house.
Tim felt guilty lately.
Mom grounded Jeff for a month.
Albert was having a rough day.
Freddy lost most of his fortune on a bad business deal.
Lucy's grandma had gotten her favorite ice cream.
I tried to run in the rainy in order to get to class.
Brian became furious glaring at the black screen of his monitor.
Tom was a 16 year old high school student.
Amy put candy in her mom shopping cart without asking.
Sam wanted to help his community.
The coach made two teams to go against each other in football tackle.
Camryn loved to spin silk into clothes.
Melvin's best friend was a golden retriever named Cezar.
Stephanie bought a new dress today.
The church across the street was having a bazaar.
I always wanted to go horseback riding.
Mark was listening to his favorite song.
Henry the wood carver was sitting in his shop one morning.
Kate could not cook.
The drama teacher was casting for roles in the school play.
Kelly was excited to go ice skating.
Rachel went on a camping trip with her friends.
The men were on the coast.
Ed had recently lost his job.
Molly wanted a new bike.
Rick was eating his breakfast.
Roger had a fluffy pet rabbit hopping around his floor.
Gina entered her classroom and went to her desk.
Tom saw a friendly dog while walking through the city.
Michelle went on a hike.
Sue headed out the door to pick up her son after school.
Anita was a beautiful singer.
Jill buys a new bathroom scale.
Zoe wanted to plant a flowerbed in her front yard.
Jason notices his old slippers are torn.
Cheryl had a headache.
Tim was mad at his parents.
Yin wanted to learn how to eat with chopsticks.
Angie had been diagnosed with throat cancer.
Gina lived in Syria.
Johnny wanted to gain some confidence.
A man wanted to improve his tennis skills.
Jill found a pretty vase at a yard sale.
Larry decided he had had enough of working.
Alan was at a carnival.
It was Jill was at the beach with her kids when the water disappeared.
Bobby wanted to impress the girls at his school.
My high school friend recently starred in Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Sam couldn't wait to show off his science fair project at school.
Lou found a wallet lying on the street.
Will was looking for a new shirt.
The Jones family was elated to go pick out their Christmas tree.
Amy was having lunch at school.
It was late and Gina and her family were going home.
Julia really had to go to the bathroom.
Ryan was a computer repair man.
I wanted to go to Guam.
Amy was always behind on bills.
A man wanted to see a popular play.
Garry's friends knew he had a soft heart for women.
Ben wanted to get a special gift for his friend Ed for Christmas.
Hans made his burgers on the grill one afternoon.
Lucy's grandma wanted to buy a cake.
It was Thanksgiving day.
Bob called Erica to ask her to a Valentine's Day date.
Claire was addicted to Tim Tams.
It was the day of the written driver's license test.
Once there was a family that was happy with their plow man.
John got a puppy named Buddy for his birthday.
Depression seemed to overwhelm Sarah after the birth of her child.
Sam went to the gas station.
Jordan was riding his skateboard at the skatepark.
One day at work, Bill saw a man with a shiny gold watch.
Julie found a stray dog on the side of the road.
Gayle wanted the yard work done.
Arnold wanted everything in his house to be the color green.
Dave found an axe in his garage.
My parents bought me a bench set to lift weights on.
Jerry grabbed his surfboard and swam into the ocean.
Charles thought it would be fun to wash the family dog.
Amy started training to be a gymnast at an early age.
Pete married when he was very young.
I got home from work.
Jeremy wanted to experiment with his hair color.
Mike drove to Oklahoma to look for a cheap house.
Ramona went to her first horse racing event the other day.
Brian wanted to go on vacation.
Sara wanted to make banana pudding.
Harry went into the forest to gather firewood.
Anna went to visit her husband in jail.
Elizabeth was reading when she heard a loud crash.
Dominick has a birthday coming.
Courtney was in high school.
Benjamin have the ball in his hands with 4 seconds left.
When a new girl starts attending Alex's school he thinks she's pretty.
Sid did hours research for a science project.
My baby would not go to sleep last night.
Zach had a project due.
The family decided to go on a picnic.
Jim found a large quartz crystal in the forest.
Randall loves the view of the city from his big apartment windows.
Sunday was the day for the church pot luck dinner.
Mike went to college at the local junior college.
Marie had accumulated two weeks of vacation time at work.
Tanya had always been very shy, and didn't like speaking in public.
When Joe returned from the beach he shook his clothes to remove sand.
I lend my sweater to my brother to wear for one day.
Tim is part of the school soccer team.
Gus lived in the city and had never seen a firefly.
We needed something to entertain the kids.
I wanted to find a new book to read.
I leave my house and get in my car.
Clara wants to get her mom something special for Mother's day.
Mike walked to his favorite tree with a rope.
Betty was shopping in the mall.
It had come time again to celebrate a dear friend's birthday.
Patty did not speak English.
Yesterday Becky had a math quiz.
Ashlea quit her job.
Cynthia was looking for some money for extra luxuries.
Tim was looking for a birthday card for his mom.
Shaylee is an excellent softball player.
Conan worked very hard on mturk.
It snowed in Kelly's neighborhood about three feet.
Anna received a manuscript.
Sarah had a big secret that she had been hiding for a while.
Ashley needs a vacation from work.
Kate was making a cake for a party.
Basil noticed that the weather sky had turned an odd shade of green.
Billy has asked Santa for a sled for Christmas.
Richard had a dream.
The Jones family went to the beach.
Tom went to ride his bike and saw it was gone.
It was finally Thanksgiving day.
Rex notices that he is feeling very bored.
Dan became the best hockey player in his family.
Tara went to her ten year high school reunion.
Sonya was a great runner.
Abe wanted to join the Navy.
I ordered a pizza one Sunday night.
The new fort I built in the backyard is filled with bugs.
John and Sally went camping.
Amy was upset she couldn't find her new watch.
Brenda loved searching through her family's ancestry.
It started to rainy when we got in the car.
Lester is walking home after a long day of work.
Gina was waiting on her cookies to come out of the oven.
David was caring for his injured father.
My sister in law Sandra had an anxiety attack last week.
Lisa finished her homework and turned on the TV.
Bonnie and Susie worked all morning to make lemonade.
Nora loves to read books.
When grandma comes to visit everyone is excited.
I just arrived in America.
Lily wanted a new Halloween costume.
Bob was going shopping for groceries.
Three year old Laura didn't want to go to bed.
Ken loves the outdoors and wanted to go hiking.
Jimmy had never gone to a concert before.
We moved in September.
I slowly drove down the lane to the cabin.
Mike wasn't supposed to make microwave popcorn without permission.
Jason's family went fishing for the afternoon.
Bill's mailman insists on throwing his packages around.
Ari got a pen pal in English class.
Sam looked in the mirror.
My friend bought tickets to this Friday's big game.
Camilla was at the park with friends.
Emily was playing hide and seek with her cousins.
Matt liked playing the piano.
One day I was working, when I felt hungry.
Bob's son Ricky was getting bad grades.
One night my family had a dinner party.
My friend Gert is having four teeth pulled tomorrow.
Connor was a very sweet boy who always smiled.
Today, Bella wore her leotard, tights, and ballet slippers.
I was very sick one day.
I went to Baltimore in 2003 to audition for music school.
Jim was excited to buy himself a new toy.
Rendel was a nature photographer.
Abby was nervous to get her science test back.
Mallie was in dire need of a new laptop.
Mark decided to boil water for some tea.
Karen loved to talk on the phone.
Wendy was happy to hear of the annual turtle race at her summer camp.
Jen had an older car.
Andrea's dad asked her to get firewood.
Mary and Lisa were best friends, together all the time.
Thalia has been invited to play at her friend Janice's home.
The baby managed to get out of the tent.
Tia was shy.
Chloe got tickets for an upcoming hockey game.
Amy had a microwave that she purchased in her dorm room.
Cathy was about to go inside of the grocery store.
Gina needed a better paying job.
Kurt walked down the street in the rain.
Tom wanted to prank call his friend, George.
Neil was touring Istanbul.
Jessie missed her mother.
I got a basketball on my birthday.
I woke up after a long sleep.
Bob was playing the new shooter game with his friends online.
Tori's school club needed to raise money.
Luc's car was making a weird noise.
Casey was thirsty for something to drink.
Kelly saw that her favorite actress was having a book signing.
Gina's friend Mary had upset her.
I had a degree in art history.
Mrs Allen is a new teacher.
Sam was driving down the road.
Sam was cold.
Bob started to make a bed for his son.
My dog Linus is a cute beagle.
Elizabeth bought four fish from the pet store.
As George walked to his car he noticed something unexpected.
Kim needed a new sun visor.
Sam always wanted to save up and buy a computer.
Dave had a crush on Lisa, and went to the school dance with her.
Aurelia notices that her shirts are all very dirty.
John was growing marijuana in his basement.
Ken was sad to learn that his favorite restaurant had closed for good.
One day my Microwave stopped working.
I played blackjack with my friends one night.
It Was a Dark dreary night in Argentina, Carlos was Scared.
Ricky was an expert in trading stock futures.
Stephanie had been preparing for her piano recital for months.
Gina's crush Jamie had smiled at her.
Zack's son wanted a bike for his birthday.
I entered an egg race once.
Jane had convinced her family to eat tofu.
Penny had just moved to a new home.
Sue loved her dog.
Jill couldn't control her spending.
Mark was a hopeless romantic.
Tom was a professional whale watcher.
Donna just gave birth to her new baby girl!
Will was kicked out of the house by his girlfriend for drinking.
Marvin joined the military shortly after graduating from high school.
Kim wanted to see Home Alone in the theater.
Jim has science fair judging tomorrow.
It was Christmas and Kim was opening her gifts.
I smelled something foul in the house.
Eddie was a bully, and bullied all the kids at school.
The baker was tired this morning.
James is going to be a father.
Hannah had been saving up a lot of money.
Josh liked to smoke.
Gil's mother bought him a mug for his birthday.
Jermaine had loved this girl for years.
My dog loved to eat grass.
Linda was afraid no one would invite her to any holiday parties.
I took my dog for a walk in the woods.
Sam was running as fast as he could.
We got married in 1981.
Mark went to the grocery store to buy food for his house.
In a small town in Indiana, Kendrick knew he would become successful.
Delilah couldn't pay attention in class.
Val drove her car down a steep hill.
Ian ditched his friends to go out with his girlfriend.
Tim wanted to go sledding for the first time.
John started a new job at a bank.
Morty needed a date for the big dance on Friday.
Larry was playing with a balloon.
John went for a walk to get some fresh air.
I was using the bench press in the gym.
Harry was the chosen one.
Molly found a sack of coins outside a store in town.
Ray liked to help his dad with projects around the house.
Bob was a homeless man with very little possessions in his town.
This morning I went to a mandatory meeting for folks on food stamps.
Sarah was afraid of swimming underwater.
I went white water rafting.
We went to Nantasket Beach in 2005.
It was Sara's turn to let the dog outside.
The man juggled 6 wine glasses at once.
Erica went to her hometown bar.
Kary had just gotten out of the hospital after having a baby.
Gina had been waiting to see the principal.
Last summer Adrian's house caught fire.
Enid's class went to an apple orchard.
Bev was sad when she didn't make the cheer squad her freshman year.
Bobby had always been a big eater, and decided to enter a contest.
My new favorite band came on the radio Saturday morning.
Jeremy went to the pet store.
Dan was very sad in his little apartment.
Sam was as work.
Lucy was bored.
Paige sat down and prayed for a miracle.
My roommate had been depressed since his girlfriend dumped him.
Suzy applied for a job as a bank teller.
Ana needed to buy more groceries for the work week.
My son's friend Joe moved from Boston to Austin, Texas.
My family visited me last week.
Jill was a brand new wife to her wonderful husband James.
Today was Ellie's birthday.
Alice was driving to Las Vegas from Los Angeles.
Andrew spent days writing his wedding vows.
May loved to sing for people.
Todd was vacationing in New York and needed to charge his phone.
Jane never smiled.
Jane was a professor teaching piano to students.
Being a flower girl was a big responsibility.
Alan was born in the southern united states.
Lucy was sad because her favorite dress had ripped.
I was feeling a little hungry.
Kelly really needed a new pair of jeans.
Joe had really bad cleaning habits.
Amy needed a job.
Luke is such a pessimist.
Whitney just started a new job.
Andrew broke his leg playing football.
I had lots of dirty laundry.
Aurelia realizes she has no clean clothing for the coming week.
I was fired from my job.
Barry went to the casino.
Gina wanted to cross a closed road.
The family was celebrating the 4th of July.
Amy had just arrived for her first day of junior high.
Sandy has a crush on her boss at work.
A lawyer reviewed some law books to help his client.
London and her boyfriend lived an hour away.
I went to the dentist and waited in his waiting room.
Betsy got a new camera for her birthday.
The hotel clerk told us our room had been given to someone else.
I took my friend to a restaurant for breakfast.
Tim hated to do the dishes.
Abe was feeling down so he put on some religious music.
John had applied for a job delivering newspapers last week.
Eli came into her boyfriend's room.
Donald was a voracious movie lover.
In the month of November the shoppers come out of hiding.
Dan decided to make breakfast for her mother's birthday.
Henry lived in a box car on a train track in the woods.
Grace has always been a strong believer in doing what is right.
David was thinking about how crazy the weather had been lately.
The dog was hungry.
Mary wanted to dye her hair blonde.
Neil was a music lover.
Amanda has always loved to cook from scratch.
Curtis went snorkeling in the ocean.
Morty was preparing his tax documents.
Susan wanted to get rid of the mice in her house.
Ora was horsing around in class.
Tim was in school looking for something to eat.
Bob was feeling sick.
Charlie had a car that he worked on often.
Jose was working hard at losing weight.
Gina and her family had just moved to a new neighborhood.
Amy and Kim were going over their friend Lynn's house.
Tom was a high school student.
Linda wondered why no one ever showed up to her garage sale.
Greg's family did not have internet service.
Chris is a garbage man and gets up at two every morning.
Bob drew an inappropriate doodle of his Physics professor.
Vera was incredibly lonely.
My dog had surgery on her shoulder.
Erin was sitting at home doing homework.
Shelly loved staying up late and waiting for her dad.
Ben wanted to ask Megan for a date.
Sam got a new puppy for his birthday.
Wendy hated her freckles.
Wally was driving his work truck in the winter.
My junior year I was cut from the soccer team.
Charlie also picked up Pat.
I went to visit my ex-boyfriend an hour out of town.
A man walked into a barber shop and wanted to buy all the cut hair.
Jay bought new shades.
Jay had just stopped at the traffic light.
The DMV in his community took a long time to service customers.
It was time to announce the winner of the pageant.
I just got my nails done last week.
Melissa had a paper due for English class.
Henry was playing with a toy telephone.
Shirley was pregnant and had just gone into labor.
When Sam adopted Buttons, he was a sick puppy.
Shelby is driving to the beach with her friends.
Bob needed to study for an exam.
Arnold hated macaroni and cheese.
Amber liked to swing.
Rita was stuck in traffic.
Jack smelled something coming from the kitchen.
Emily had an essay due the next day.
Lisa was rushing to class, worried about being late.
Year's ago I went on a band trip to NYC.
Gina was making cookies she bought in a tube.
Sarah was hungry.
Allison woke up earlier than her entire family.
Jason was extremely excited for his birthday.
Daniel was obsessed with dinosaurs.
Gina's crush had smiled at her in the morning.
Sloan found some strawberries in the refrigerator.
Amber loved potato chips.
Reese saw a fountain with purple water one day.
Kim was on vacation with her friends.
We lived in a condo in Brighton, MA.
When Billy went to bed Tuesday night, it was snowing.
Cora went with her friends to a casino.
David watched an episode on TV about a horse that paints.
Jane had a beautiful dress for the school dance.
The Miller family loves potatoes for dinner.
Jackson realizes that his carpet his become filthy after Years of use.
Sue was driving to work.
Greg wanted to buy a necklace for his mother.
A kid named jared was playing with his dog.
Al walked out of his motel room and walked to the vending area.
I like playing speed chess.
Peter came home to find his dog eating a chocolate bar.
The house next to Gina's looked empty.
Mia wanted a new hair cut.
Jay hung out with his friends sister.
My mom promised me that we would go to a restaurant on Friday.
John always felt jittery and uneasy.
Kimmy was swinging herself on the swing set.
Howard had a pet turtle name after him.
Randy danced with a beautiful girl last night at the club.
I went to the bar with my friend in LA.
Sinclair lost his eye in the war.
Dana wanted to switch into the electrical engineering program.
Dave was eating dinner with his girlfriend when the phone rang.
Tyler was traveling on a bus.
Charles hated driving home from the park.
My friend was mad because his girlfriend broke up with him.
Dan was driving to the pond to go fishing.
Kim always wanted to play drums.
Josh had to work on Thanksgiving this year.
Ray decided to buy a new house.
Hope wanted to be a ballerina since she was old enough to walk.
Keith was planning on proposing to his girlfriend tonight.
Houses in the Reed's town were getting robbed.
Sarah wanted to save money on a coffee grinder.
Gina's mom was driving to the cemetery.
Dave always admired his older brother.
It was finally time to leave for the beach.
Charles found a job in the least likely place.
My parents came from China.
Sarah needed to go grocery shopping.
Rowan went into his backyard to play with his dog Harper.
I lived in Arizona.
Candy was running one morning.
Tim was going to a fancy party.
A girl named Julie in pigtails asked the vendor for cotton candy.
Maeve decided to try rock-climbing.
Samantha had work early in the morning.
Todd and his friends gathered after school.
Tim is picked on by a bully named Brian every day in school.
Gina and her friends were dancing in the garage.
Nicole was watching a movie on her iPad.
I was at bat and had two strikes.
Kristi's parents own a sailboat.
John went to the doctor.
Sue is unable to drive a car.
Ellen wanted to know if she could wear leggings while tap dancing.
Sandra had a big math test on Tuesday.
Leah woke up to find a thick layer of snow outside.
Mary was unhappy with her messy home.
Jane was upset a co-worker had let her down.
Rebecca didn't cook much but when she did she used her special spoon.
My 1000 page report was due before midnight.
Bob and Mike wanted to go to the lake for a fishing trip.
Henry ordered a small Caesar salad from the Drive Thru.
Evan wanted to stop biting her nails.
Kia was invited to a classmate's party.
Dan was about to travel to meet his parents this weekend.
Nate was struggling in college.
Kim went to a shoe store.
The couple went to take a hike in the woods.
Jessie was trying to watch a video on her phone.
Gemma was working at her desk.
Lisa was having her birthday party at a hotel.
Joe was thinking about taking a walk.
Leo rarely got off the couch from his video games.
I decided to learn a new language.
Jim met a girl named Nancy who was a vegetarian.
Jane was going to the doctor in a new town.
Tom grew up in San Francisco.
I needed to go to the store, so I got in my car.
Tim needed to lose weight.
Eric walked down the street to the store.
Cindy was stressed out recently.
Ana was going to sleep.
Ivy hated washing dishes, but it was her turn to do them.
Robert was busy driving while texting.
Lisa was going home.
Leon knew nothing about Star Wars.
Jay wanted to give his kids cool Halloween costumes, but he was broke.
I was trying to broaden my musical horizons.
Sally needed a new dress for a wedding.
Mike wanted to climb Mount Everest.
Last week I was with my friend at the mall.
Angeline was trying to cosplay as her favorite character.
Peter and Robin had been trying for a baby for Years.
Dan goes to a corporate party.
Stephen was worried that he couldn't get home to see his family.
Everyone at school was getting yellow nail polish.
Jackie had been working a lot of overtime lately at her job.
I went to gym class one day.
Carl works at a clock shop.
A man named Jake needed a new car.
June worked as a cook at a crab shack.
I took our kids swimming in Walden Pond one day.
Jack wanted to learn to play soccer.
Maggie was a member of the school council.
John and Amy were playing tag with some friends.
Roger was on a diet his doctor prescribed.
Sarah wanted to spend time outside.
Anita hadn't seen her son in 10 years.
Jackie's garden was doing well.
Karly and Katrina were identical twins.
I saw a bird.
Stan had a successful career as a musician in the 80s.
Sarah was only 14.
Vinny's hair was getting too long.
Susan was running errands when her husband called.
Sue was getting ready for dance.
The mailman gave me a small package.
Matt sat down at his desk.
Seth never had experience with professional art before.
It was Alexa's first day of school.
Scott was determined to be the best player on his soccer team.
I was shopping.
Timothy loved to dance.
After a long day my father used to go the bar.
Gina hadn't seen her crush Jamie in a week.
Timmy hates carrots.
Tammy convinced her boyfriend to go ice skating with her.
Sean's apartment was being cleaned for bugs.
Jess was a senior on her high school tennis team.
Glen decided he wanted to join the Navy after high school.
Jack wanted to purchase a necklace for Amy's Christmas gift.
Alex and his family went to a campground.
Bobby couldn't remember how he acquired so many pillows.
It was a nice winter day, and Jan needed something to do.
I was in the clubroom when my friend called.
Billy asked his mom who Superman was.
Alex didn't want to eat the bagged lunch her mom had made her.
Neil hated to call in sick to work.
Sam wanted a pedicure.
Fred has been feeling really bored.
Joe was having difficulty training new employees.
James was out on his daily run.
Ed was driving down the highway.
Daddy got hurt at work.
Julia never did her hair.
We had dinner tonight with our friend Joe.
Charles wanted be a Rap star since the early nineties.
Colton was so happy it was his 5th birthday.
Kim hated the pencil sharpeners at her school.
Molly went to school.
Scheana and Shay were highschool sweethearts.
Morgan taught her children to play the quiet game.
Once, I opened a couple of packs of Magic cards on a whim.
Amy and her friends thought it would be fun to sneak to the park.
Bart is five and he loves trucks.
Johnny played a small part in a movie.
Lisa had something in her eye.
Wanda was cleaning her house.
Danny got down on one knee.
James loves softball.
Julie wanted to see the new Batman movie but was too young.
Amanda was arrested for drunk driving.
Brad loved to play with his dog.
Miley had never had Indian food before.
The group was very hungry.
Anna was trying to board her plane.
The smell of pine and the sounds of music filled the air.
Amy's laptop was on the kitchen counter after dinner.
My wife and I decided to take a romantic vacation.
Kim hated overhead lighting.
Duncan liked playing with his sister's dolls.
Jay was the fastest Kid in the community.
Mark had just taken a test.
Dan took an order for a young man who came into the restaurant.
Harold bought a new drone for himself.
The cheerleaders got together to cheer for the home basketball team.
Ed always made a Christmas pizza for the family.
Kenny got out of school early so he could play mini golf.
Beth and Dan were having problems.
Kim wanted to go shopping.
Officer Todd responded to a call.
Anna went to the gas station on her way home from work.
Marco always loves to order delivery food so he won't have to cook.
Lucy burned her arm on the oven.
The mailman delivered a package to Ian.
The rodeo came to town.
Joe was walking outside his apartment.
Dylan's dad is excited to give him a car.
Markus worked at a coffee shop.
Julie woke up more than 20 minutes later than usual.
Anna loved gymnastics.
Tara was commissioned to paint a mural at the school.
Will always wanted to be a stand up comedian.
Bill could not sleep at night.
Jeff was a very good basketball dunker.
Brad stole the ball from the opponent.
Erica wanted to be in the school play.
Lilly misses her daddy.
Denise had always dreamed of becoming a ballerina.
Stephanie went to Six Flags for the first time.
I gave Hannah a poem in our class.
I was playing a video game on my PC.
Becky needed money.
I've been trying to grow my hair out for two years now.
I got one of the best kitties I've ever had at the Humane Shelter.
Cindy has an empty fridge.
I just bought a new car today.
Rick and his daddy were going on a trip.
Betsy had an important job interview.
Timmy hated to eat his vegetables.
When I was a kid I had a lot of free time.
Jan's boss won't stop hitting on her.
Kim wanted to go see the new movie in town.
Lucy and her grandma returned to blockbuster.
Ann was at a campsite with her family.
Steve was in the lobby drinking before the show.
Jimmy's parents sent him to summer camp for a week last summer.
The trip I took for my graduation was exciting, fun, and a life lesson.
Jimmy went to a baseball game with his girlfriend.
I decided to move back in with my parents.
Jimmy couldn't wait to go fishing.
Scott rubbed the sleep from his eyes.
When we moved I realized I had a ton of CDs.
It was Christmas morning.
Ryan was on a mission.
My mother was cleaning the stove.
Jack had to go to work.
Jane loved to ride her bike.
I was supposed to get mail today.
Jason learned not to play with guns.
It was Anne's fifth birthday.
Last week was Thanksgiving.
Tony needed to buy his grandma a birthday present.
Ariana overheard a comment that she thought was rude.
Ron wanted to order shoes online.
Lucas told everyone that he would never eat a peanut.
Marge hated her thin eyebrows.
Billy was very afraid of being in water.
Helen walks with a seeing eye dog because she is blind.
Rhoda was late for work one morning.
Sam wanted to go to the park.
The family called in a detective.
Gina woke up late one summer afternoon.
Little Jane was very excited to go to the circus.
Tom and greg were playing monopoly.
Edith found a good deal on an expensive shirt.
Emily had always wanted a pet but her parents didn't.
The best friends went on a girls trip to a wine vineyard.
Luke was having trouble choosing an instrument to try to learn.
Ray was eating ribs for dinner.
Sally is an experienced crane operator.
Sarah got a black cat from the animal shelter.
Jim was a new chef working his first day.
Kyle's mom had been in the military and was very proud of it.
Arnold goes to the gym.
When you are on a boat with your friends.
John decided to write a rap for his friend.
I saved money for a playstation for months.
Kelly adopted a dog from the pound.
Remy's vacation days at work were set to expire.
Jim and Mary took a walk together at night.
Jim was woken up by his cat this morning.
Everyone loved to smoke out of Robin's beautiful bong.
Chad takes his dog Max many places.
The kids couldn't sleep on Christmas Eve.
Gina's spent $30 on a cool hat.
Rey's father took him to the playground.
Em liked to pick flowers and arrange them nicely.
Marietta and Bobby were trying for a baby.
Stan wanted to throw a party.
Cassie bought a dozen hot tamales from a vendor this morning.
A man sat in the corner of a dark room.
Jim had been working hard all week.
Ryan wanted to try out for cross country.
Tammy liked to listen to music.
Tommy wanted a new video game.
The man at the pizzeria had a busy day making pizzas.
Cassidy wants to find a way to pass the time on a Saturday.
Jasper realizes that he has been wearing the same old shirt for weeks.
Quinn was really excited to get a new job.
Ben's social studies class was spending the day knitting.
Josh is an amateur novelist.
Gina was at the park alone.
My wife used the vacuum cleaner today.
Denise had just bought a shower curtain online.
A homeless man walked through Elm Street one busy morning.
I signed up for an anatomy class.
Cam bought a new shirt and put it in the washer before she wore it.
John was a student at university.
Late one afternoon, I was browsing in an antique store.
Amy, Ryan and Lisa got ready for the first day of Bible School.
Kelly was late to school too many times.
My family went out to dinner for my sister's birthday.
Sara always struggled with math class.
I was cutting wood in my garage.
Gerald was watching a TV and decided that he wanted to visit Japan.
Tony offered Nick a cigar.
Tim was born a boy.
I wanted to go see a show in town.
Daniel heard he was a sucker for love.
Oliver was making a chocolate cake.
Maria was snowboarding with friends.
Eve wanted a pot bellied pig for a pet.
Karen bought a new bag.
Jake was making pasta.
Last week I went rappelling with my friends.
Jesus is trying to figure out what to major in.
I went to buy a new computer mouse.
Gina had been tripped and had fallen in the sand.
Time was running out on Mi as he pressed his pencil against the paper.
Kevin bought a new car.
I was skinny.
Samantha worked hard at her company for many years.
Kathy was taking a shower.
Ron picked up a new book from the library.
Arnold was fishing with his sister near the creek.
The teacher told Nina that it would be hard to pass the class.
Danny was thrilled when he got a bike for Christmas.
Neil had tried to see the Loch Ness Monster on his trip to Scotland.
Barbara has been married to Joshua for 32 years.
Jorge sat on a bench in the park.
It had snowed the night before.
I walked with my sister to the parade early in the morning.
We had pizza for dinner tonight.
Tim was the lead trumpet player in the marching band.
Hannah went to the local supermarket.
It was Jim and Stacey's anniversary.
Becky and Jimmy once found a nest of mice in a desk drawer.
Abe was carrying a paper bag of groceries from his car.
I decided one day that I need to get away from my family for a while.
Sandy was at her grandmother's house.
Sam was standing on a bridge over a stream.
Trevor got his new house today.
Ken didn't have any clean clothes.
One day, Alexis saw a bunny in her yard.
Carly decided to build a garden.
Amy had a microwave in her dorm room.
Gina went to Target to buy a new hat.
Mark was on the basketball team.
I took tap dancing up when I was a young girl.
Ruth sat down to watch TV after a long day of work.
Maria was out christmas shopping.
Harry like to play with fire.
Conrad wants to make rice to eat at home.
Judy rushed through the market.
Jerry was starting at a new school.
Henry wanted a new Xbox because he was bored.
The clown was blowing several bubbles to the kids.
Robert decided to take his family on vacation.
Mary was a pretty girl, and she knew it.
Shane's landlord was trying to force him to move out.
Harold was a very old man.
Tim had a problem.
It was the last day of the bike race.
Our two year old granddaughter is acting up.
I am retired on disability.
Cory decided he needed a new cellphone.
Kim had a favorite pair of pink argyle socks.
The mom bought a birthday cake from the store.
Sophie wanted to learn how to do gymnastics.
Deb was walking with a friend.
Lily's elderly aunt always wore a flowered bonnet on Easter.
Ana weighed herself constantly.
Nalia wanted to see a dolphin in real life.
Mary was dog sitting for a friend who was on vacation.
I went SCUBA diving for the first time this weekend.
Susie had a store.
Jill was trying to study for her algebra class.
James got dressed to go to a concert.
Alex was in his bedroom.
I think the character Dorothy was a freak in the Wizard of Oz movie.
Janice always feels lonely on Sunday because she doesn't see anyone.
Larry had never been to a water park before.
Ed wanted to play baseball with his son Matt.
A man was stressed out over money.
Mitch had to start his new teaching job today.
Cal had always been a little heavy.
It was Kelly's last day of school.
Ron was a shepherd with a dozen goats.
Linda wanted to eat healthy.
Ricky was camping by himself.
A new bagel shop opened in town.
Larry was the best wrestler on the team.
Ana had a dance recital to participate in.
I got into a fight with my mom since she wants me to get a haircut.
Tim needs new tires for his car.
One day Henry was walking towards his mailbox.
Matt went to see a movie with his friends.
Bobby shoe laces were always untied.
Grandma baked some cookies for her grand kids.
Luke was climbing a tree when he fell.
Ana found an old record player at the thrift store.
Juanita had always wanted to learn to bake.
Ronnie had a big crush on Sammie.
It was a very mild winter.
Anna had a bad headache.
Cheyenne graduated from cosmetology school and got her license.
Mother was making her family stew.
Adee couldn't wait until Christmas.
Larry planted an apple tree in memory of his dead mother.
Ryan was driving down the interstate on his way to work.
Tim was upset.
A man failed a college history class.
As far back Charlie could remember Ronnie was known as the fighter.
Cal was late and in a rush.
Man Petty has been in prison most of his life.
Everyone arrived at the party.
Bobby got into the cheese puffs.
Franny had been waking up all night.
My boyfriend in high school was overbearing.
Joe was going fishing.
Last week was the big race.
Tim wanted to play the lottery.
Narin decided to try out for a baseball team.
Davie was enjoying a terrific summer day at the beach.
Casey wanted to be a pro batter since he was a kid.
One day there was a terrible snow storm.
Terry walked over his property one day after work.
I used to like to go to the movie theater a lot.
Jack and Mike worked at a factory.
Neil took a ferry to Hong Kong.
Greg loved to eat food.
Charles' rap music moniker was AK.
Last Tuesday started like any other day.
Tim had smoked for many Year's.
I went to the casino last week.
I got up from a nap feeling very hungry.
Mary was sitting at home alone.
When Dan wins $1000 at the track he hides it in the couch.
For my birthday I received a very complicated board game.
Cece loved to bake.
I used to love Dave our neighborhood police officer.
John wanted to live closer to nature.
Jon needed to find a job.
Tim took a shower in the morning.
I came to the party with my family.
I decided I wanted a pet bunny for my house.
Little Susie was scared to go to daycare.
Maria needed a job to earn pocket money.
Maurice realized he needed more warm clothing for the upcoming winter.
Franny spilled some nail polish.
I joined my friend in the gym to lift weights.
Rick bought a house in the middle of the woods.
Todd was tired of his boring office job.
Lisa was ten Year's old.
I lost my phone charger.
Gina wasn't supposed to go to her class during lunch.
Marceline loved animals and her guitar.
Sam was riding the bus.
Susan was on a camping trip.
Jimmy had just gotten a new cell phone for his birthday.
My friend Rachael took me to the store to buy a coffee table.
The company Tina worked for announced a company picnic.
The teacher gave each student an individual assignment.
Jordan was shopping with her mom.
Lisa was reading about the benefits of camel milk online.
Dana was a new preschool teacher in Texas.
I woke up late this morning feeling very refreshed.
Missy was in Gym class.
Mark sat on the couch to watch television.
Bill went to take a train to the next town over.
Richard spent every day with his dog Spot.
It was thanksgiving and my family was visiting me.
The notification sound on my phone went off around 3 in the morning.
Gina and her friend Mary were feuding.
Manny loved a band that was coming into town last weekend.
Jessie wanted to go to a new club everyone was talking about.
I tried to watch the college football championship game on Monday.
Karen was at school on rodeo day.
Neil was shopping in London.
Once there was a man who was very shy and withdrawn.
I was taking a test at school.
Today was Laura's piano recital and she was very nervous for it.
Kyle ordered the soup from a waiter in a cafe.
Kim was using a computer at a public library for research.
When Sam's brother comes to town he visits Sam at his job.
Abbey and her family were on a trip.
Jane came home from work more tired than usual.
Dan's well water was sort of yucky.
Cara decided to get fast food.
A new doctor was trying on his new lab coat for his first day.
Ty saw that the lottery jackpot was very high.
Tom wanted to learn to cook.
There are so many good movies coming out this year.
It was January and it had been snowing for days.
Emily and her friends went to New York City to celebrate the new year.
John's apartment was looking quite bleak.
Don sat on the bench worried his team would lose the final.
Linda decided to skip school today.
David loved stories.
I get up around six in the morning, and start to get ready for school.
Mary wanted to find the perfect gift for her granddaughter.
The city park was putting on a public movie.
Juan has always wanted to visit Southeast Asia.
Johnny met Mary in High School.
The family woke on a Sunday and wanted omelets for breakfast.
Tom's alarm did not go off.
Taylor was the new kid at school.
Jim enjoyed walking around his local mall.
Tim always wanted to build a house.
I was sitting in my car after work.
Colby had a dream to build his own treehouse.
Anna wanted an ant farm.
Lisa felt bored with her summer vacation.
My parents had dressed me up in an awful Easter outfit.
Robin's mom had already left for work.
Arnold came home one day and noticed his old pet rabbit hadn't eaten.
Gary tried to grab the cookie jar from the table.
My mom was washing the dishes.
Janet was very thirsty.
Gia was a skilled dancer.
Lisa and her friends went on a girls trip to Miami.
Tom went to school one day.
The girls soccer team had been working hard all year.
Phil thought he was good at golf.
Mary is having a tennis match with Karen.
I make reconstruction medieval era armor.
Naya went for a perm.
Jason was excited that today was pool day.
Norma wanted some cookies.
Janice was feeling more lonely every day in her new apartment.
Erica has always liked to dress formally for any occasion.
Last night I dreamed about jeans.
My friend Lizzy wanted some gum.
My yard was becoming very sloppy.
Carson has worked in television for most of his career.
Tim wanted to take his wife to Paris.
Gina was upset one of her siblings had eaten her chips.
Gina wanted to be a pretty girl.
Amanda needed to get across town to the store.
Bob was in the army.
We decided to commit to reading more.
Ronald never thought that he would go to college.
Anna was on a ship in the ocean.
Johnny always wished he could make better pie than his grandmother's.
We were driving through the Blue Ridge Mountains in the early spring.
Tom was a health conscious person.
Paul bought a brand new tablet to put all his books on.
Joe lost his sunglasses at the mall.
Jake was at the lake.
Francis was at Costco.
Erin was running one day and felt thirsty.
Alexandra was invited to a party.
My friend and i got a Canoe.
I had an important meeting in the morning yesterday.
Ethan's parents told him they would go to Disney World soon.
Gina was at her dad's mom's house with her cousins.
Kyo went to the naval park at the waterfront.
Ben and Mischa had a housewarming party.
Sara woke up to a beautiful sunny day.
Elena asked Yany if she came come to the party tonight.
There was a great bodybuilder who regularly went to the gym.
Erica was on the cross country team.
Bob accidentally dropped his iPhone.
It had been raining a lot lately.
Joe was bored.
John and Terry were coworkers.
A man wanted to challenge himself.
Fred was watching tv in his room one day.
Alexia took a trip to the bowling alley with her friends.
Ann was beautiful and very well spoken.
I am very afraid of lizards.
Essie woke up late.
I was at the beach last summer.
For many years I have loved to eat pancakes.
We were leaving the house for a morning walk when we noticed a duck.
There was a man who scavenged the streets in search for lost change.
Debbie wanted to show her kids how to make popcorn on the stove.
Pete had been looking forward to building a treehouse for years.
My son made a paperweight for me when he was six.
Mom bought a box of Little Debbie cookie snacks.
The Don loved his country very much.
Larry really wanted to be an astronaut.
Margaret is very competitive.
Kevin went to the beach with his wife one day.
I went to the bathroom today and noticed the dog needed to be fed.
Tim was on his bluetooth home speakers.
Last summer my friends and I were going  to  a Brad Paisley  concert.
Janie got a brand new sweater for Christmas and it was beautiful.
Lisa invited the girls to her house on the islands.
Ken and Julie were married for fifteen years.
Bob was out hunting for deer.
Gina had her jewelry in a small Tupperware with drawers.
There was once a little girl named Devious.
Carrie is a vulgar comedian.
Kevin and Erika saw a cute kitten near their home this week.
Thanksgiving was one of Joe's favorite holidays.
Tim was so stressed from work.
Tom wanted to read a book.
I went to to the local gas station.
Jim really liked to read books.
George is an App developer.
Blaine wasn't generally good in gym class.
Julie was planning a vacation with her friends.
Boris wanted to become a butcher when he grew up.
Ian wanted a pool.
Fiona loved to go to the barn to ride her horse.
I like to cook, and have a few favorite dishes.
Casey wanted a puppy.
Yesterday at the store I picked up some spicy almonds.
Bomani was annoyed by the noise in the library.
Ella made dinner for her family for the first time.
Steve loved to play his guitar on the sidewalk.
Jasper writes reviews of video games.
Gary went on vacation to the Grand Canyon.
Lizzie really hoped that it would snow overnight.
Max loved to cook.
Roz was thrilled when her boyfriend gave her a ring.
Aubrey and her family were decorating for Christmas.
My mother asked me for my opinion about her new husband.
Blaine sent a text to Lisa.
As I walked to school, I could feel that something was wrong.
Henry was hungry.
Lincoln wanted to open a new catering hall.
Susan made coffee every morning before work.
Amy's friend Beth was having a baby.
One day I was watching some tv with my little brother.
Leah noticed she was spending a lot on groceries.
It was a warm, sunny day in February.
Kelly loves to eat sweet desserts.
It was Sara's birthday.
Dean always liked children.
Chuck was all set to clean the den carpet.
Andy just started his new career as a personal trainer.
Mike worked at Pizza Hut for Years.
Yesterday, I went outside to play in the snow.
Tom felt ill after sleeping very little the night before.
The doctor discussed several treatment options for Nina.
Henrik's parents expected him to become a doctor.
Jane went shopping one day for some sandals.
Ana wanted to be as fit as possible.
Dan's dogs did not used to get along.
Sam was sad.
Aaron landed an arrow dead center on a target.
Alice lived with her parents.
Bertha was striving towards getting her license to drive.
Casey was in the car with his parents.
The child complained that his stomach was hurting.
Robert hated writing.
Julie bought a cat today.
Brad asked Nate if they can hang out tonight.
Sara was a terrible cook.
Candace hated her job, but she loved to paint.
Ada had tried shrimp once and hated it.
I tried to make a bowl of cereal this morning.
Ted watched the weather eagerly.
Sally wanted to grow veggies.
Angelo was at the arcade playing games.
We took my sister in law out to dinner last week.
Willie walked his neighbor's dog often.
Today my radio quit working.
Sam went to the diner and ordered breakfast and decaf coffee.
Alex was walking to school and saw a snail crossing the sidewalk.
Gina and her sister sat on the porch waiting for their dad.
Stan always got nauseous when he rode on planes.
He always hated climbing rope in gym class.
Matt and Caroline lived together and had been fighting.
Billy went to the park at night.
Coco was about to travel to Malaysia.
Robert had a nose bleed.
When Janice touched the table box, it fell on the ground.
The bridge was new and very costly.
Kelsi was caught off guard when she saw her ex boyfriend.
My college friend called and asked me to invest in his new company.
I was driving down the road.
Ernest wanted to get some lunch.
George had been feeling down in the dumps since his wife left.
Jon was a pickpocket.
I am on the board of directors for Inti.
My friend, Richard, has an old Mercedes car with a diesel engine.
I was at the mall yesterday to find the perfect dress.
Jimmy was 12 when he first noticed his attractive next door neighbor.
Kyle went to a fancy dinner party for work.
Lacey decided she wanted to lose weight.
Michael was a plumber who hated his job.
Once friends, the two men now fought angrily against each other.
Colin was chosen to sing the Canadian anthem at the hockey game.
Kennedy wanted to volunteer during summer vacation.
Blake always wanted to play guitar.
For his party, Jim was baking brownies for his guests.
Jeb was going on a run.
It is midday on a summer afternoon.
Ashley was really anxious today.
Ashley's son usually got good grades in school.
Beverly had always loved taking photographs.
Fred wanted to ask Lucy out on a date.
Brad walked towards his teacher's desk.
Arnold learned how to write the alphabet slowly.
I was trying to eat lunch at home yesterday when a fly flew in.
Ann had a bad stomach ache.
Bill was walking up the steps and texting at the same time.
Kim dreaded having to go to school.
Ray and Charles went to the beach.
Kate was nervous to meet her boyfriend's parents for the first time.
Jay just graduated from college.
There was an overweight man named Edgar.
Allen loved to cut hair.
Michael went to the store with his dad to get new shoes.
All of the employees were asked to bring a dish to the office party.
A fisherman was standing in the river up to his waist.
Jane thought she was pregnant.
Paul was an egotistical man, who would do anything to get to the top.
Tia signed up for a crafting class.
Ellie's car broke down near a tunnel.
Rick was in the yard playing.
Joy was jealous when she didn't get an invitation to a sleep-over.
Jim got a new twitter account.
Sally had a crush on Jane for a long time.
Matthew has been practicing the recorder everyday.
Yesterday someone knocked at my door.
Shawn was a freshman in college.
Tom was going to Indiana.
The cave explorer turned on his flashlight and went deeper in.
Teresa got a waitressing job.
A very short man was cursed with a very high voice.
Larry has never taken advantage of the pool in his apartment complex.
Sam started cheating on his math test.
Rachel wanted to go skydiving.
Shawn had wanted to be an all-star athlete his whole life.
Sam stood by his broken down mail truck and worried.
My family was excited for the fourth of july.
Changing my first diaper was scary.
Timmy requested a pirate themed birthday party.
A month ago I read that my favorite singer sister was gay.
Sue liked to fish.
Tim was taking out the garbage.
My mom wanted me to buy food for the house.
Tom ate out at a new restaurant.
Maia walked into her kitchen to find a chocolate cake on the counter.
Rob ran for his high school track team.
Wendy was flying a kite one windy afternoon.
Tim asked the girl he liked out to dinner.
Ernesto the cat likes to run in the roof.
Gina bought a teen mag at Walgreens.
Norda was feeling snackish.
Nancy walked towards Brianna.
Janice wanted to get beers for her boyfriend after work.
Marcie and Daryl went camping for a week.
Kate plays World of Warcraft on her days off.
Ida was working in a department store.
The door to the main office opened and the principal entered.
There was a cake in the office kitchen.
Johnny loved football.
Becky loved the taste of bubble gum.
Larry was not doing so well in calculus.
Miss Susie was counting the kids in her class getting on the bus.
Erin and her family spent the day hiking.
Jimmy had one job, to destroy the barracks.
Sam knew his father was drunk.
My friends invited me to this party.
I made a New Year's Resolution to get in shape.
Tom was doing some woodworking.
Joey's fourth grade class was knitting scarfs for the homeless.
Shirley loved to dance.
Egypt was a sweet cat who wanted to get adopted.
Mary's cat Luna ate a small envelope.
I was in a sub acute rehab unit in November of 2011.
My wife made me a cake for my birthday.
Tim's windows were very plain.
Yesterday was the best day ever.
Tom went to the store and bought a phone.
Mark was with his son at the library.
Lucy is a fifty year old woman who lives with her husband.
Gina had been trying to like the 2nd song on a single she bought.
Every night Henry took a shower.
My sister-in-law B has a lot of pain.
Pippa and George loved playing in mud puddles.
Will wanted a sweet nightcap.
John walked outside one weekend morning.
It was the first nice day all week, it was time for the beach.
Kayla went for a manicure.
Jake was driving.
Jenna's grandma was baking cookies to give to the neighbors.
Jason decided to go sledding.
A chill blew through the air.
Common was Charles' favorite rapper, now he's Charles' enemy.
Ina wanted flatter abs.
Roger was at red light when another car pulled up beside him.
Janice was feeding the snakes at the pet store.
Jacque loved gazing at the stars with her grandpa.
Luke asked if he could have some ice cream before dinner.
Lea was on a vacation in Scotland.
Matt went to the beach.
Arthur was annoyed by the noise coming from the apartment downstairs.
Laura wrote that she was feeling very ill.
Donna works at a hotel.
Frank had a new pet.
As a kid, Barry could run very fast.
Jen climbed all the way up the stairs.
Wes enjoyed snorkeling.
Kim was driving home on a windy day.
I was unsure of where to go with my career.
Lily needed some pearls to wear to the ball tonight.
Jon loved to ride his bike.
Joe was upset after losing a game of tennis to his friend.
Kay was at the laundromat washing her clothes.
My family went horse riding on our vacation.
At the funhouse, the three kids all started for the haunted house.
Jen believed in God very much.
Nick got some money so he went to Europe.
Ricky was listening to some music in his room.
Dianne started a new job and was really enjoying it.
I had just taken a shower.
Simon went shopping for the freshest ingredients he could find.
Sam was a hockey fan who loved the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Hope was in her first ballet performance of The Nutcracker.
Carls mom makes the best banana sandwich.
Brian wanted to bulk up and build some muscles.
John hated playing dodgeball.
Mike has always been more adventurous than his friends.
Kayla likes going swimming.
Wood were in back of the house my brother and I lived in.
Mario grew Christmas trees in his yard instead of buying them.
Dan held himself responsible for what happened.
Without many options for dinner at home, Jeeves went to the store.
Pauline loves leggings.
The Jones family went on a roadtrip.
Gina needed to avoid a boy in her class named Dave.
Sam bought a new house and wanted to build a shed.
Keigan and her sister are spending the afternoon at the fair.
The kids were home from college but their father was still at work.
Dior was a struggling college student.
I went to the store with only five dollars.
Bill had to print out a report for his boss by noon.
Tim was having a fun time with his friends.
Jake loved to fish but usually just at lakes.
Bob loved to bathe in the sun.
Tim met a country girl.
Often deer came into the Jones' yard in the fall.
My sister in law lost her husband last year.
Sam loved to go to the cabin.
Anna wants to eat banana chips.
Two pals began to play a game of Scrabble.
Em found a pregnant cat lost on the street one day.
Chucky was a TV news reporter who stopped at nothing to get a story.
Ron wanted a car.
I woke up to a warm spring day after a long winter.
Kelly decided to get a new haircut.
John and Mike went to a park to play catch.
Evelyn was extremely upset with her husband.
My daughter turned fifteen years old.
Susie loves to take a bubble bath.
Jim liked bananas.
Haley broke up with her boyfriend.
I love to eat potato chips.
Joe was the new kid at school.
There was ten feet of snow outside.
There was a couple who went shopping.
Our apartment building management had a Halloween party this year.
When I was 12 I started taking piano lessons.
A hairline crack ran down the middle of the glass.
Tim was snowboarding with friends.
Bill got a flat tire on the way home from work.
I learned the hard way about love.
She was addicted to candy.
Kim sat on a bench in the park.
Eddie and Carol were on their way home, driving across the country.
Glen took a vacation to Canada.
Emily had a paper due for class.
Tom needed to take the bus to his job.
Kia had been assigned a novel to read for English class.
Jim broke out of prison during a riot.
Dan finds out his grandmother keeps her money under a mattress.
Kendall spent all night painting.
Lacy has a sweet tooth.
Anne needed a wok to cook her meal.
Becky saw a rainbow out her window.
Dell was a musician from Seattle.
Mark was just getting into work.
Jay loved wearing crazy things.
Gina's brother was in trouble.
The forecast called for over two feet of snow this past weekend.
Gerald was at a restaurant and wanted seafood.
Every Sunday, Tim's neighbor started mowing his lawn at 7 am.
Sherry loved animals.
Amy wore her new watch to school on Monday.
The snowstorm hit hard last week.
It had been raining hard for several days.
Tom took his girlfriend out one night.
We had a test this week.
Jake needed to sell his old car in order to buy a new one.
When I was a toddler my dad would put me to bed.
The Mcdonald's lived on a farm out in the country.
Molly had a job interview yesterday.
Danielle was driving her car.
Danny and Janet shared a bedroom.
Rick wanted to learn how to draw.
I was eating pasta with a spoon.
Larry's basketball team was made of of really short players.
Tom got a new grill.
Joe broke his leg playing soccer.
A farmer bred cows on the farm.
Sally thought it would be funny to give her little sister pop rocks.
As a child I jumped up and down.
Mack lived next to a busy highway in the city.
Boys were playing soccer outside.
Lisa really wanted to impress a group of popular girls at school.
Ken wanted a puppy, but his mom said they couldn't afford it.
I woke up and decided to make breakfast.
George really like hot dogs.
It was Shane's turn to ride the zip line.
John planted a pumpkin.
Amy had a new job at Marshall's.
Chris was a star student.
My girlfriend and I decided to cook together Tuesday.
Betsy was enjoying her ice cream.
Ted was building a bed.
Irene was in the school choir.
Chase was two years old.
Briana was swimming at the local pool.
Rudolph Wagner was finding retirement very boring.
Before I took the SAT I was a little nervous.
Lilly had a nightmare that her Dad came home with a hole in his chest.
Emma had a test in history.
I have enjoyed hamburgers since I was a little girl.
Ben walked into the taxi.
Jen was concerned about her mother's smoking.
Tabitha wanted a cat.
Tom lost his wallet at the mall.
When I was in South Africa we visited the beach in Witsand.
Billy wanted to throw a big party at his house.
Brandon wants to be known as a successful musician.
Betty needed to make her weekly shopping list.
Neil drove his car to work every day.
Elvis is promoting local bands shows.
Helen was enjoying her wedding reception.
Eleanor was a little old lady who was resourceful and clever.
I decided to take a hike last weekend.
Joe wanted to do a romantic dinner for his girlfriend.
Barry was starving.
Out of all the desserts, Bob like slushy drinks.
Katie was on her daily walk when she found a wallet.
Phil was a great salesman.
When i was a teenager i was too fat because i love to eat.
Pam was throwing a party for her friends.
One night, Bob went out on a drive in the country to think about life.
Kelly and her family moved abroad.
One morning I was awakened very early.
Twins Carol and Connie were always dressed alike, and Connie hated it.
Tara wanted to be a better role model for her child.
Ann wanted to decorate her tree for Christmas.
Joe was very excited for the Paralympics.
Bob started working on Mturk to get some money.
Susie had never been religious.
Jane went to an attorney to get a divorce from Jack.
I had been on the bus for a day.
Ashley had been working hard at work.
Zack went on an African safari trip.
Martin was a garbageman.
Joey prayed for snow so school would close for the day.
Harriet was a big fan of Abba.
Ana was worried about the bird she gave to a sanctuary.
I was camping in the mountains with my best friend.
Cathy was trying to take care of her toddler.
The doctor told me I was too fat.
Bambi was hiking in the woods.
Paul didn't know who to vote for in the presidential election.
My daughter's college roommate Gina got married in 2010.
Jasper notices that his guitar doesn't sound right.
Chad was responsible for organizing the school fete.
Fred had asked Tina out.
Bonnie carved the Thanksgiving turkey.
Dan was excited to take his children to Disney World.
Joseph never thought he'd get caught picking up a hooker.
The teacher called my mother.
Giles made a new year's resolution to exercise more.
Bob had always been afraid of spiders.
Amy wanted Chinese food for dinner.
Tim didn't like country music.
Sarah went to the beach.
Winter break ended and it was time to go back to school.
My husband is an excavator.
Millie is watching Billy the dog for a friend.
Charles still calls the party-line to meet girls.
Michelle always bought a breakfast burrito every morning.
Jake wanted to scare his little brother.
Neil was visiting Northern Africa.
Charles complained to his coworker that Regina was uncooperative.
Jon was behind on his rent.
Marshall was incredibly nervous and had sweaty palms.
Dan bought a ticket to a dance in Estonia.
Colin was single because he got caught cheating on two women.
Adelbert Windscream was a writer.
Todd wanted a pet fish.
I kept trying to get my nails to grow out.
Bob is excited when one of his coworkers sets him up on a blind date.
Kristy just got married to the love of her life.
Steph turned on his car radio.
Bob's shoes wore down from playing sports.
Zach wanted ice cream but he was sick.
There once was a house on Coconut Grove.
This the story of how I met my wife.
Steve has taken a break from college classes for many Year's.
I decided to clean the vacant room in our house.
Jamie signed up to run a race.
Carla smelt something burning in the next room.
Last Thursday my wife and I had a free night.
Kia was thirsty after snacking on a few cookies.
Timothy's father announced they were going to clean out the attic.
Kira has to go to the laundromat with her dad to do laundry.
My 15 year old son has a new girlfriend.
Tia loved going to the beach, but she didn't know how to swim.
Jerry was always messing up at work.
My sisters all went to grade school in a small one room schoolhouse.
My wife noticed me using incognito mode online.
Bernard has terrible asthma.
Rick had had a long and miserable day at work.
There are two phases to body building.
Judy woke up early one morning to clean her bathroom.
Jeffrey was chasing a black balloon.
Nadine and her mom were moving into a new house.
Graham was unhappy in his relationship.
Anita was tired from a long day of shopping.
Anna owns a puppy named Wilfred.
In eighth grade, the yearbook staff took a trip to the lake.
Maddie was feeling sick.
Chris was excited to get his first pair of beats headphones.
My husband proposed to me on Christmas day.
Fred was missing his glasses.
Sean was getting fed up with his town.
A man went through his house and collected all his scrap paper.
There once was a man named Tim.
Jeremy wants a new pair of shoes.
My family and I took a helicopter ride in Hawaii.
Jackie really wanted to eat pizza.
Most evenings, Sandra goes to the coast to watch the sunset.
Johnny was trying to get into better shape but was anxious about it.
Jay walked home when a bully hit him from behind.
Thomas went to a party with his friends.
Brad was on a picnic with his family.
Kia's mom called her out into the yard.
Samantha wanted a hot date with her boyfriend Jake.
John thought he was the best checkers player in the world.
Billy wanted a new vehicle.
Hannah enjoyed her second serious relationship for a while.
My sister took me to a nascar race.
Lottie enjoyed playing classical instruments.
Two days ago I came home from work.
JIm went to the store.
Melanie lived in a house near the edge of a forest.
Greg had a soccer game.
The run was at 8:30pm but Jen and her dog, Molly, were late.
Malcolm's son had just turned sixteen.
James had arranged to propose in a hot air balloon.
Chad had to do the laundry.
Lizzy was sad that she hadn't been invited to Jill's party.
There was a hurricane blowing into south Florida.
We bought a book from Amazon.
Izzy went to the pet store.
Grammy loved the Autumn tradition of carving jack-o-lanterns.
It was a typical day at work and I was bored.
Leslie went to the mall to look for a purse to match her new dress.
Sean was at work when his boss announced a new fundraiser.
I was writing a term paper for a class.
Tom was at a chili cooking contest.
Cathy was riding her bike through her neighborhood.
Trina's husband got signed to the nba.
I played a joke on my friend by wrapping his car in plastic wrap.
Killy was 9 months pregnant and almost ready to pop.
Ray was very forgetful.
Jeff challenged me to build my own personal computer.
Robin couldn't sleep.
Tim was feeling sluggish.
The local zoo had a panda.
Lindsey was making rolls for dinner.
While I was driving, the person in front of me was moving slow.
Steven grew up loving the subject of history.
Kelsi was excited to have a balloon party.
Tim always had back pain.
Margot's mom decided the family should go to the beach.
Wendy owned a little kitten.
Will was driving to his college.
Aya was going to the shore with friends.
Mary had a breakfast this morning.
Kelly got earrings at the store today.
Chuck was the owner of an old historical hotel.
The winds shifted to the east, and Aaron became stressed.
The cat sunned itself where the light passed through the window.
Sue decided she needed to get in shape before the summer.
Mandy was trying to buy her son a birthday gift.
Joan's grandma had to go to a nursing home.
Beverly had a pretty dress that shone like a diamond.
John loved to bake.
Joel and Justin were the neighborhood wrestling tag team champs.
Yesterday Kanye released his new song.
My son took my wife to the Wrentham Outlets today.
Chad wanted to go watch his favorite team play baseball.
Lana wanted more freedom.
Clara hated to babysit her younger siblings.
Bill lived on Juniper way his entire life.
Lucy wanted to buy a new car.
Cam was selling toffee candy for his school.
Little Molly hated to wash her hair.
Ted went to the park one day with some stale bread.
Quentin had lived in very dirty conditions for many Year's.
Sasha was walking through the halls at school.
We found ants in the water of our Keurig.
Tom didn't trust his girlfriend.
Becky and her husband were camping in their tent.
Mary hated cleaning the kitchen, but she had to do it every day.
Martha wanted Jerry to ask her on a date.
Adam was the fastest track runner on his team.
Our family went on a vacation to Tennessee.
Jane was out with friends.
When the flood came no one saw it coming.
It was almost 2 AM and Gina sat in the backseat bored.
Tom got an expensive electric bill.
I was swinging on a swing set.
Sue could not get her son to eat vegetables.
Jim was talking to this lady he met at the bar.
Allie went to the chocolate factory.
Olivia and John were playing volleyball.
Crimbo Jackson was a bounty hunter.
Harry loved to scavenge for gemstones.
James just put a piece of fish in his oven.
Susie needed a new haircut.
Steven loves the Tequila Sunrise.
Johnny loved his Mom and Dad dearly .
Today I drove to the library in order to meet up with my group.
Jill received flowers from her boyfriend.
Harry went to the sock every day to relax and watch the sunset.
Deb was driving on a deserted road at night.
A cop car with it's siren on approached Gary.
Jared's best friend was getting married.
Allie had been playing piano for awhile now.
Casey was having trouble with a low appetite.
Joe thought it was dark in the house.
Laura was at a theme park.
Oliver berated his daughter for eating too many cookies.
A sexy girl gyrated against a large office building window.
Tom was using his car's cigarette outlet.
I ordered Chinese food last night.
It had only been a few weeks at her job when Ann found love.
Graham had just left a restaurant with his parents.
Sandra bought a bed skirt at the thrift store.
Shelly's room was very messy.
Jeff was a strong writer.
My little cousin was playing outside.
Tammy's cat always tried to run out the door.
Jack has lost his cellphone.
Lucy was an ice skater.
Jenna's car was making sounds whenever she pressed the brakes.
Ed was a singer in a band.
Perry's new tech startup needed to get their computers ready.
Jerry was walking his dog through the park.
Joey's favorite sport is baseball.
Tyler bought himself a skateboard.
She sat angrily at her desk.
The Billy Joel concert was two week away.
Jeff has to fire Scott because he never shows up to work.
Jake moved to a new city.
Jane was eating for lunch.
Jim was playing Little League baseball.
I collect old photographs.
Bob was shocked when he got his history test back.
Allison has a teaching degree but is stuck working at a retailer.
Jojo really liked how fish look.
I found that my son had multiple special needs.
Kia's date took her to a very fancy restaurant.
It was the NBA championships.
Mary was walking through the hot desert.
An X-rated picture was showing in Marie's town.
I dream of going to Hawaii.
Tom needed some extra money.
The church was silent.
There was a storm coming in Iowa.
The music teacher selected me to play the big solo.
My wife and I decided we needed to set up a budget.
Yoko heard a noise.
I was dating a girl.
Laura was great at softball.
Hal pulled into the hotel after a long drive.
Jeffrey went to the store.
Brain worked at a bar and had good social skills.
Today I boiled two dozen eggs.
Liberty Johnson moved in next door to Alex Fields.
Tyra is at the dentist today.
It was the end of the school year.
Steve's dog barked at everything.
Emily and Sam decided to have a movie night.
Gina arrived early to detention.
Jane looked at herself one last time before she left her apartment.
Kyle has a biology test tomorrow.
Chuck and his wife are debating to have a second kid.
My mom told me a story about a scary house in a corner.
Dilbo Donko was a blackjack dealer.
Tim was eating alone in the cafeteria.
Robert got a great job offer to do government roofing.
Susan was supposed to be learning how to tie her shoelaces.
Lea likes to help her mother cook in the kitchen.
The Smurfs had a fat pet cat.
Fred wanted to take Sally on a fun date.
Bert felt very agitated.
Mildred broke the heel of her shoe right before heading to work.
Jared drove in his car with his phone out.
Amy and Beth were ready to start the 7th grade.
Victor was reading in National Geographic about Nigeria.
Amanda was in the market for a car.
Sally was desperate for money.
Willie was at a friend's birthday party at an arcade.
Matt was working from home and became hungry.
Mike really wanted to make the basketball team.
Randy was afraid of bees and nervous to play outside.
Tina wanted to make an extra special birthday cake for her daughter.
There was a big storm in Maria's area.
We went to a nearby resort to try out their zip lining.
Every day the crow would land on the front porch.
Britt loved her holey jeans.
Joe was afraid to eat very much food.
We were assigned many book reports in 9th grade English class.
I was bored in my room one day.
Mark was looking for some extra cash.
Kylev needs to buy a new car.
Steve saw smoke in the distance of his neighborhood.
My friends invited me to go to the beach.
Jason was on a date.
Buck bragged he was the best swimmer on the team.
Jane walked to school every day.
Tanya's school was selling candy for a fundraiser.
When I was a kid, I hated seafood.
Matt and Jenna were about to get married.
Jay watched his dad have coffee every morning.
Richard was scared of cows.
Kim went to the beach with her kids.
Brad attended Cindy's wedding.
Ana toured a traditional Amish village.
I love death metal concerts.
Jack was an industrious researcher.
Cindy was planning to grow a lot of vegetables this year.
Jody had moved across town.
Katie needed a new dress for prom.
Ben took Gordon to his house.
Cindy found a cute puppy advertised on facebook.
Rhonda loved getting compliments on her yard.
I got a new watch for my birthday.
As a little kid I saved up money to buy a huge water cannon.
It was my 26th birthday and I had no plans.
Although he liked being a blacksmith, Gustav needed a night off.
Bob loves tomatoes so much that he starts a small garden.
Mary was ten Year's old.
One day, Tim was feeling very unwell.
I went to work yesterday.
Sally could not decide between the white horse and pink bunny.
This morning I had my 3 month checkup at the doctors.
Sam was arguing with Tim.
We visited friends in Buffalo in 1999.
All the towels in the house are wet.
Tyler visits his grandpa on Saturday.
Oscar loved to grow onions.
Steven and Laura were having a baby.
Tim redecorated the apartment while his girlfriend was working.
Ann took her dog for a walk.
It was trash day and Kim was cleaning.
I was feeling pretty hungry.
Byron wanted to become a musician.
Mary had to write an essay for English class.
During a blackout I bought some candles.
Jimmy practiced basketball every day.
Megan and Blake were highschool sweethearts.
Gina could see cars waiting at the stop sign as she drove past.
Little Susie wanted a puppy all of her young life.
I got poked in the eye by a stick.
Sean was making corned beef for Saint Patrick's Day.
Jess could not decide which flavor of candy to choose.
Laura was bored, and decided to have a catnip party.
Jeremy was on an online forum.
Jim was drinking water from his thermos.
Liam was getting ready to play in his first soccer match.
I went to get bagels at the coffee shop.
Jake was going out at night.
Lumosity is a fun game but it's not easy to teach to your Grandma.
Lucy got a new phone.
Before the night ended, I had one more pizza delivery to make.
Amy had been crying all night.
Eva poured herself a bowl of cereal.
Mark and his brother Keith took a trip to Alaska.
Timothy has a big test tomorrow.
I started playing the game late one afternoon.
Joey was trying to do laundry this weekend but his machine was broke.
The door knocked loudly.
Tom enjoyed delicious drinks.
A contractor was building a tile floor when he ran out of tile.
I saw a position opening that I was well qualified for.
John sat down at the couch and turned on the TV.
Jessica wasn't used to wearing lipstick.
Mary was playing softball in gym class.
Ann brought her daughter into a toy store.
Max had just gotten vaccinated.
Tom was playing street fighter at the arcade.
Henry was about to swim in the ocean for the first time.
Every summer my family and I have a large barbeque.
John has a toothache.
I couldn't handle it.
Dan wanted to learn how to ballroom dance.
Every summer my cousins would come over and we camp in the backyard.
Her hair was beginning to get split ends.
I was tired but not ready to go to sleep yet.
Danny was at the store with his mom.
Mari had been wanting to buy a candle.
We went in a hike in the woods by my house.
Sam wanted to learn juggling to impress his wife.
Mark's favorite team was playing football on television.
I was teaching my son some numbers.
Katie was getting a new rug.
Bob wanted to learn a new recipe.
Sara loved to write poems.
Ashley volunteered to make cookies for the party.
Tom was getting coffee at the cafe when he saw a familiar man.
I told Mark I would take him to feed the ducks.
Jenna was playing with her sister's phone.
Jamie was driving a small boat.
Tom was a fast man.
Daniel was a mechanic.
Alex was trying to carry a bunch of boxes down some stairs.
Chris wanted to try out for the school soccer team.
Samantha is tired of the boring white color her room is painted.
My wife gave me a website advertising a free Book of Mormon.
I challenged Rachel to a race.
Sarah joined the department last year.
Timmy's first day of little league went badly.
Jimmy went bowling.
Timothy went for a ride on his electric skateboard.
Smokey lived alone in a small apartment and could barely pay her rent.
Last week my parents went grocery shopping.
Amber was ready for the weekend after a long work week.
My friend went to get a straightening treatment done yesterday.
As a result of my stroke I have use of one hand only.
Kevin is a stay at home dad.
Harold always stood out on the corner playing.
The friends went on a camping trip.
Dora bought a new dress for her reunion.
Amanda decided to cook dinner for her family.
Jane wanted to try something new.
Captain Dave walked along the lowest deck of the ship.
Lisa had been watching her diet for a few weeks.
When I was 13, I made my first interception in a football game.
Iggy lived in a big house.
Baby Jake needed  a bath because he had not bathed in two days.
I was playing with my dog.
Robbie wanted a pet cat.
I was writing stories for work.
I was walking in the desert.
Ava is nervous about her sweet sixteen tomorrow!
Tomas is a professional weightlifter.
Annie was eating at a restaurant.
Kara was very close to her mother when she was growing up.
Jane didn't enjoy horror films.
Jerry had a important meeting in an hour.
Uma had ordered a TV stand online.
It was a long day, and Albert was finally going to relax.
Little Charlie was running through the yard.
Jim's son Joe is a great guitar player.
It was a warm night in the Yorkshire dales.
Jane wanted to make some eggs for breakfast.
When Ben was young he raked leaves for his neighbors for money.
Sam played a lot of video games.
Amy wanted to buy a new doll from the store.
The daycare called Ellen.
Joe was waiting at the baggage claim for his suitcase.
Matthew wanted to got trick or treating with his friend Micah.
Greg was doing shopping.
Larry was trying to get a job.
Tim wasn't very religious.
Chris was a high school student.
Po's internet wasn't working.
Ida arrived at school one morning.
One day Jeffy's owner went to work.
I had always struggled with science.
I went to the grocery store.
Last week was Valentine's Day.
Connie had an accident at work and hurt her leg badly.
Jim noticed a small rash on his ear.
Sara auditioned for a role in a car commercial.
Ben had never seen the ocean before.
Tony and Tisa had been dating for seven years.
Carol went to the concert with her friend Amethyst.
Tim had a girl who was a friend.
Fran had studied for weeks for a big test.
I wanted to get a new car.
Tim was drafted into the army.
Jason flies to Iceland for a vacation.
Her rage was beginning to rise.
Annie was excited for the cruise to Alaska.
I submit five sentence stories for research.
Angie was self-conscious about her looks, especially her nose.
Lucy was rude to her grandma May.
Tom bought a vacuum.
Tom had a pair of jeans he liked.
Today we went to the park with our paper and pencil.
Adam works at a funeral home his family owns.
Lea, from Florida, was visiting her uncle in Minnesota.
Allison wanted to teach Jack how to count change.
Dallas loved to travel.
Tom was going to the store.
David was searching on Amazon Mechanical Turk for a reasonable job.
Lisa went on a trip to the jungle.
I was working at a local strip club.
I was in the gas station one day.
Sparky and Kevin fought on the bus everyday.
Jon was playing outside.
Roy is so meticulous that his books are in alphabetical order.
Tom was hanging out with friends.
Aurora and Jonah are building a sandcastle.
Justine was eating her lunch.
Hy came from Asia and was forced to work in a brothel.
Abby was ready to get her first tattoo.
Jamie loved cooking.
Jim was sitting in class.
Amy had to meet an important deadline at work.
My father just got laid off from work.
Mike was 24 Year's old and suffering from depression and debt.
Phoebe was with her new boyfriend.
Ryan made a living exposing the media to his benefit.
Neil had hiked the whole Camino in Spain.
Gladyss peered through the foggy window.
Mark was never afraid of dogs.
Tom went shopping for jeans.
Ben was afraid of the dark.
Susie had to use the restroom.
Melly wanted a baby daughter.
Transcribing seemed like an easy way to make money.
A large tree stood over a house.
Jake was feeling really tired.
Ariel twirled around in her smart looking dance outfit.
Jim decided to grill hamburgers.
Kenna went for a walk on the beach.
Aaron and Jake were best friends.
It was Sunday and Janice was looking forward to getting ice cream.
Angela's aunt has five horses.
Charlie woke up feeling miserable.
Steve walked into his barn to grab some hay to feed the horses.
One day, a man named jed was feeling lonely.
We went deep sea fishing on a vacation.
She was trying to think of what to be for Halloween.
Tom loved cheese very much.
Jerry came to a sudden stop.
Gloria was bored on a rainy Sunday morning.
Jennifer is addicted to social media on her cell phone.
The church was in the woods.
I hate doing chores so I never did them.
I looked out my front door one morning and saw a phonebook.
Lisa's boyfriend dumped her for a girl he met who lives far away.
I introduced my friend from China to my family.
My cat just had 5 kittens!
Fran wanted to be a school cheerleader.
My neighbor has the flu.
Robert never knew what to give his wife for her birthday.
Eve was calming with her dad when she had a bad shock.
My daughter was trying to learn to play the piano.
David was having trouble with Skype.
A man desired to learn how to build websites.
Beth was walking down a forest trail.
My girlfriend woke me up very early this past Saturday.
Samantha was starting her new school this morning.
Whitney made potato soup for her mom.
Larry wanted to eat a quick dinner.
Jamie had a hunger for chocolate cake.
Tammy and Jane sat down to play a board game.
Gina went to find her school bus to go home.
John and Tina's wedding day had finally arrived.
Me and my Dad go to the shooting range every Summer.
I went to a club once and kissed 4 girls.
Johnny set out to make a nice dinner.
Tim wanted to impress people.
I was sitting with my friends eating lunch when I got stung by a bee.
Lance excitedly ran out to the mailbox.
Jeremy's mom needed him to pull some weeds.
I used to own an old Rambler.
Renee really wanted to do something fulfilling with her life.
One day, Mike was badly rear ended by a Mazda Miata.
Doug went to a football game in sub-zero weather.
Ora was visiting Ireland with her family.
Caleb got his first car for his 16th birthday.
My brothers and I were raised by a single father.
Gloria is the person I go to when I have problems.
John went skating with friends.
Jake was waiting for a call all day.
Today was the dreaded day for Lisa.
Cindy was given a glass angel for Christmas.
The sheep was very small.
Tim was in college.
I had just turned 15 years old.
My friend Riley asked for help dyeing their hair.
Ethan went to the bathroom.
The children counted the days down till Christmas break.
Mary wanted to come out to her parents.
Bernie was in the running for president.
Norbert went walking around the lake after work.
Tom tried to be romantic.
My mom was taking out the garbage outside.
Mick thought that there was an elf in his backyard.
Sue decided to get into shape.
Nancy like almost every vegetable except asparagus.
George wanted to become a lawyer.
Joe was on the beach with some friends.
Amy liked a boy in her class who had blond hair and blue eyes.
Johnny just turned 5 yesterday.
Tina wanted to go on a date with brian.
Brenna was supposed to meet the plumber at noon for a repair.
I play chess online with my friend Joe.
Ben and Alice decided to get together with another couple.
I walked outside and looked up.
Dan and his family were watching football.
Kay wanted to hold a lemonade sale.
Sam really hated pickles.
Jason writes for one hour every days.
Alex had a membership at a wholesale club.
Gina was at a stop sign at a minor intersection near her house.
It was Molly's turn to be it.
I was waiting for the bus to arrive.
Pauly grew up in a small town.
Jeremy loves to play the board game Monopoly.
Jim was playing at the playground.
My house had a fruit fly problem that I didn't know how to so.
Jack was playing with his new sling shot outside of his home.
I saved money for a year.
Jessica was having guest over to her house.
Harry and Brian decided to play Battleship.
I prepared my chicken teriyaki sub in the kitchen.
Jimmy is looking for a new car.
Jay loved apple pie, especially homemade from his grandma.
My roommate and I bought a TV.
Tina had been dieting for almost two months.
Tom was helping a friend clean their basement.
Jim gained weight after eating poorly.
Rachael has a dog named Beau.
Little Timmy always felt different.
Sara felt a suspicious lump in her neck.
Andy loved watching the Olympic track events.
Lester is getting ready to head to a shop for some coffee.
Esther was only thirty years old.
Kitty and Em had picked a whole bushel of apples.
Melissa never drank wine.
Kelsi decided to volunteer during break instead of party.
Carl had brought his son Scott to a parade.
I wanted to learn more about Medieval music.
Greg approached Gina while she was trying to go to class.
Felicity was having a hard time with money.
Billy went home from school to play video games.
Charlene had always loved trying new things.
My girlfriend went into the kitchen to make an apple pie.
Sherry's dinner party was coming up.
The sliding glass door at Sam's house was dirty.
Trina was with her family on her dream trip.
Missy adopted a new dog for her family.
Martin decided to brew his own beer.
Ben had a job interview.
Pam's smart phone was malfunctioning.
Our water service at home suddenly became weak and cloudy.
Katherine was born with the gift to gamble.
The ringmaster lit the giant metal hoop on fire.
Dave was a recluse.
Billy had an hour to finish his test.
Sam learned a new trick and wanted to show it to others.
I was inside of a comic shop.
Ben had few friends in school.
Sally was hungry.
John found a wallet on the street with $180 in it.
The kids were counting down the days until Christmas.
Tim decided he would never sleep again.
Ali was always a very shy girl.
Jen and Stefanie organized a knitting party for their friends.
Gina's siblings returned from her uncle's house.
Dan misses his hometown of Denver.
My cat was meowing and acting weird.
One night, as a child, I crawled into bed and began thinking.
Metzen was a depraved individual.
Sandy could not figure it out.
Samantha had to move out of her apartment.
My teacher assigned our class a community service project.
When Charles was hired at PennySaver, he thought he found a career.
Ted was shy around girls.
Wendy's mother was having some friends over for a party.
Shalil works as a product manager.
Tommy Larkscall was bleeding.
Timothy has a silly habit.
I left work in my car.
Sue and Jim had been dating for 1 year.
Allen was good at what he does.
My friends bought me a gift.
Tim had the entire day off.
Carrie walked her dog past the bakery every day.
John and his dad were going fishing.
Kevin wanted to open his own lending library in his small town.
Eli borrowed a book from the library.
Bill saw tadpoles in the pond by his house.
My sister-in-law B was driving out yesterday afternoon.
A man went on a hike and found a cave in the side of a hill.
Holly wanted so much to become a famous poet.
Vince went for a trek in the american southwest desert.
Annie has an old dog.
David was digging a giant hole in the yard.
John and Kathy went to the park to have a picnic.
James had always wanted to be elected to student council.
Mary decided to write a short story.
Kylie invited her friends over for an ice cream party.
Justin's teacher had given them a genealogy project.
Carl was playing videogames with a friend.
Rae went to the flea market with only 20 dollars in her pocket.
Sally woke up late because her alarm did not go off.
Henry and his band decided to enter the school talent show.
Hobbie was going to see a free concert in the city.
Becca liked to swim.
Bernice thinks the news media stages photos for propaganda.
The Smith family loved to go on day trips on their boat in the summer.
Robyn's father was in the Army.
Nick wanted to be a soldier.
Ana was preparing to drive to work one morning.
My sister-in-law's son had a bad toothache once.
Sammy spent every christmas abroad.
Ginny was playing ball in the house.
Frank is unemployed and needs to find a job.
Jimmy used to really hate salad.
Tim had hurt his leg badly in an accident.
Gina needed money, but her mom had none.
Candy claimed she had never burned a ham.
Henry's teacher loved to teach.
Isom went outside to play.
Ellen was about to leave to bring her daughter to school.
Steve wanted to bench press two hundred pounds.
Jim drove to the flea market for a special shoe sale.
May was a science teacher at a local high school.
Last night we played truth or dare.
Yesterday I was having a bad day.
Kim had fancy a tennis court installed in her backyard.
Jan went to the grocery store for bananas.
Charles read the post on the bulletin board.
Tom had to buy groceries.
Marco and his friends were watching a movie.
There was ketchup everywhere.
Jane decided to cook pizza.
A scuba diver went to a lake to look at the fish.
Gina needed to find something to fit in the door handle slot.
When i was in high school i dreamed of having a phone.
Gina had to pay library fines before she could check out a book.
Anna was camping in the woods.
I found a few termites one day the kitchen.
Jessica wanted to buy a puppy.
Jim and James went to the museum.
One day, Gary found a dark spot on his shoulder.
Johnny had always wanted to see Utah.
William and I were in the Army Security Agency school together.
Joey had a baby brother.
The travel agent advised her against taking the bus from Kenya.
Tom was out bowling with friends.
I received a phone call from my friend.
Robbie could run faster than anyone in his class.
Amy was going to graduate from high school.
Alex was in his basement looking for a box.
When I was little, I loved jigsaw puzzles.
Harry moved to the UK 10 years ago.
The teacher introduced us to his class and asked to take a seat.
Jessica and her boyfriend went to the theater to watch a movie.
Paul needed a job so he went into a store to ask for work.
Tori bought a beach ball.
Jim was in a hurry to return his book to the library.
When i was in college i had a lot of friends.
It was my first semester of college.
My roommate, Rob, and I used to prank call girls on campus.
Amy went to Panera for lunch.
Tommy's laptop was too slow to even run Minecraft.
Jane was old.
Amy was raking the leaves in her mother's yard.
Christa's aunt had just had a new baby.
My roommate was not good at managing time in the mornings.
I stopped at the stop light by the road intersection.
In second grade someone stole my cabbage patch kid doll.
Carrie has been secretly dating a married man for some time.
Linda hadn't cut her long hair in Years.
Popular Liz was sure she'd make a great class president.
Marsha hired a cleaning lady to clean the house.
Tim wanted to be more organized.
A soldier stole a tank from the base and drove it away.
Allie needed books for school.
The Sexton children take Easter pictures every year.
Kelsi was new at school and wanted to make new friends.
Millie had to buy a new pair of pants.
I beat out a now famous director for the lead role in a play Years ago.
Gina had to secretly put her mom's house key back in her purse.
Tina had been wanting her ears pierced for years.
Mark played his saxophone two hours a day.
Colin always wanted to try rally driving.
Lucy woke up Saturday morning to a wonderful smell.
Lucy wanted to run for class president.
Zack was excited by his upcoming date.
Lucy wanted to cook the zucchini she picked from the garden.
Dan set his trash on the curb to be picked up.
Fred was in a crowd at a train station one day.
The old farmer had two mules and one plow.
Emma insisted she wanted to cook dinner.
One day Nick was playing in his yard.
I was offered a hummingbird cake for dessert.
Ryan went to the mountains to climb.
My son in law facetimed my wife today.
Aaron was running late for a date.
The laundry supply room was always cluttered and messy.
Gina was in the 9th grade.
Sarah was excited to visit her childhood home.
Sally was carrying a pumpkin.
We finally went on a date tonight.
Karen grew her own vegetables in her garden.
Justin liked to throw rocks.
An accordion player played on the street.
Allie decided to go apple picking.
One day a poor widow came to town.
Todd was riding his dirt bike in the woods.
The students who graduated this year attended the award ceremony.
There once was an outside dog named Fred.
Ana wanted her morning cup of tea.
Cara bought a scratch ticket on her way out of the grocery store.
When i was in high school everyone had an Afro except John.
Ed was hiking in the woods.
I dropped my phone.
A sculptor set out to carve a statue.
Lilly's family set out a blanket early for fireworks.
Teddy never had played football.
I have been working on an article for our local paper.
Tom was skinny dipping with friends.
It was a hot day in summer and Erin was feeling warm.
Lisa has a cat named Lucy.
Fred and Jacob were on their way to play some tennis.
He stuck out like sore thumb in this neighborhood and he knew it.
James was taking a drive through the countryside.
Tina loved her white dress.
Ethan had never been on a train.
Mark was having trouble paying all of his bills.
Joey was forced to go the the ballet with his family.
There once was a dog that was wandering the streets.
Randall was late for an important business meeting.
Tom hated his girlfriend.
I lived in Baltimore during college and it was a rough town.
The alarm clock beeps.
I was eating with a male friend at a reasonably nice restaurant.
Debra was looking for her cat.
Tim got nervous when he couldn't find his wallet.
Anthony was riding on his skateboard.
Lucas was at the zoo petting a baby goat.
Janet got in trouble at work for being rude to customers.
Jason woke up with a toothache.
We had dinner with friends in May.
Penelope was 50 lbs overweight and didn't think she could lose weight.
Frieda wanted some oatmeal.
I bought an engagement ring.
I always try to close my chicken coop just before dark.
Will and his high school buddies were fooling around one night.
Alison left Hawaii when she was 18 to live on the Mainland.
Jim is a big baseball fan and bought tickets to tonight's game.
Ed and his friends wanted to make s'mores.
Allie had this favorite necklace.
Jim needed his morning cup of coffee to function.
One evening, Oishi realized that money was the root of all evil.
My friend Cindy used to save cans to take to the trash dump.
Elizabeth has a big exam tomorrow morning.
Marge was excited to take her first train tour.
Mason had been diagnosed with leukemia.
Danielle was a girl scout.
Sam was doing yard work in his backyard.
Johnny never thought he would be in an avalanche.
Jill was at school with her friends.
Peter Pamper spent all day browsing the internet.
We hung Christmas stockings for everyone in the family.
Tony took his nephew and two friends on a ski trip.
Milton looked forward to getting home after a busy day at work.
Jennifer had not had a haircut in three Year's.
I went to see my favorite band in concert.
Gina asked her mother to teach her spades.
I went into Lucy's room.
Missy was going on a flight with her family.
Steph was exploring her college campus.
Shane loved playing darts.
I took my dog on a walk this morning.
Gin's climbed through a window to get into her house.
History class was always my favorite subject.
My brothers and I were playing tag last week.
I just got my w2s in the mail.
Kay had a secret to tell his mom.
I was studying in architecture school.
Jack decided to take his dog for a walk.
Lara was having a birthday party.
Mark loved to travel.
Tom was playing games in his room.
Bill was sad.
Will hated the movie theatre.
Tim wanted to go on an adventure.
The class bully told Tina to let him copy her test.
Ada saw the bullies beating up the new boy.
Val saw Ali go to the bathroom.
Carly was sick the day of her concert.
I had a bus ticket for later in the day at 5:30pm.
My sister in law's apartment was inspected today.
My brother was taking a hike in the woods yesterday.
Emily was working on a painting for an art competition.
Tom was the first to graduate college in his family.
May has an irrational fear of clowns.
The boat was headed out to sea.
Alex was starting to outgrow his car seat.
Jeff loves caffeine, he drinks it all day.
Tucker wants to find an interesting accessory for his outfit.
John had done some baking, but making a lasagna was new to him.
My freshman year of high school seemed daunting.
I was skateboarding with my friends at the park.
Tina went out to lunch with her friend Stan.
Jackson had always wanted to learn to speak Spanish.
Amber was excited for her upcoming high school prom.
Amy was in fashion school illustration class.
Allie shared a room with her step-sister.
Jose loves to play video games with his older brother.
I was 18 and it was my first summer away from home.
My best friend used to knit a lot.
Sally wanted a child very badly, but she had no husband!
Larry loved to go hiking.
It was time for breakfast.
The side yard was covered with tall plants.
Freda notices that most of her clothing is dirty.
Travis believes in ghosts.
Jimmy had to get a root canal.
Rosalyn loved being a radio show hostess.
Ruth was painting her bedroom.
Tim wanted to start a band.
I started getting obsessed with calories.
May was a teacher at a high school.
My 14 year old nephew got caught shoplifting.
David applied for a new job.
I was about to go inside the store.
Greg never found a hat he liked.
Tom was morbidly obese.
Sara loved to sing.
I was on a boat with a friend.
Fariah was walking to school.
A little boy always dreamed of becoming a magician.
He wouldn't eat anything she gave him.
Chaz liked Adaline very much.
Debby bought her husband a chocolate bar to be nice.
Tabitha had ordered a lot of stuff for Christmas.
Oscar did not want to go to work.
Court is supposed to go to a party with some friends.
I walked home from school three times.
We celebrated Easter yesterday.
Deb was a struggling student.
Ashley was really bored on a Friday evening.
Dina daughter Avery just turned two.
Madonna took out a cigarette and lit up.
Haley had just travelled for a day on a bus.
Bobs had broken his tooth about a month ago while eating.
A boy hear a siren outside the house.
I was feeling lonely.
My friend Ben fought in WW2.
Dan wanted to go to the beach.
Fred plays baseball for his college.
Charly was a seven year old boy who loved to paint.
Neil took a trip to Seneca.
Maria was supposed to pay her water bill one day.
Only two buses went anywhere near Laura's street.
Susie went home for the holidays.
Kayla was seven Years old.
Sue was very nervous about her swim meet.
She chose to return to college.
Lisabeth woke up in the middle of the night with stomach pains.
I live in an apartment building.
Tim was looking at pictures of a crush.
A new store at the mall was handing out candy for Halloween.
Gina wanted the new boy in her class to know she disliked him.
It was early in the morning and my door bell rang.
Judy has a terrible forehand.
Hannah invited her boyfriend to have dinner at her house tonight.
Tom wanted to drink more water to become healthier.
Erin was in his biology class and had to do a science experiment.
Sarah was in a hurry to get to work on time.
Today I bought a new smartphone.
Jeff was a big WWE fan.
Monicka was an exchange student from Europe visiting for the summer.
Amanda liked coloring her hair.
Kia had just gotten a tattoo.
My friend Mark hooked up with me a few Years ago.
Bill was a very generous man.
Jake joined a mountain climbing team.
For dinner we had lasagna, cheese bread, and carrots.
We recently purchased a dog from a student.
Molly got a new shiny pink bike for her birthday.
John moved into a new house and found the whirlpool tub didn't work.
My father and I went to the grocery store.
Dad grunted as he screwed the hinge to the door frame.
Ramon danced at work while waiting tables.
Amy and Beth went for a walk.
Tina wanted to get her ears pierced.
Rufus is running late after his English class.
Alex awoke when the sun rose.
Burt carefully washed his pig, Freddy, with buttermilk.
It was graduation season and Allie really wanted a car.
Natasha wanted become a news anchor.
Amy wanted to borrow a pencil from the teacher.
Tamara was cooking dinner.
Vladimir was trying to learn English.
Lorde Jimson was a world champion thumb wrestler.
John grew up in a small rural town and wanted to move.
The local YMCA was having a breakfast with Santa.
Jon and his pals picked up rocks along the tracks.
Tina needed new shoes.
Lindsay loves music, especially concerts.
Jane had a research paper due at the end of class.
Jackson was trying to enjoy his Saturday.
I went to go drink some of my whiskey.
Suzie decided to wash her car.
Ethan really loved baseball.
Sam hurt his knee last football game.
Monica was walking to the library one day.
Suzy wanted to get her friends together.
One day I decided to get a new type of dish sponge.
As a hobby Kelly loved to crochet.
Charles and his wife were going to have a baby.
Doug was walking his dog early one morning.
Sampson was a strong and ferocious Rottweiler.
When I was four, we went to the fair.
Tom applied for a movie.
Thomas was shopping for clothes.
Jed followed the instructions to compile Chromium OS.
Today Anne learned how to brush her teeth by herself.
Katie wanted a new dress.
Peanut Larry went to church.
California was having really bad weather.
Janice had a passion for cupcakes.
Kia was on the hurdling team in high school.
Edward was told not to look at the solar eclipse.
Tom bought a new pair of shoes.
A photographer was in a dangerous situation.
Lena was having a sleepover with her two best friends.
Katie bought a painting from a garage sale.
Kia started hanging with a bad crowd in high school.
Jenny and her friends were bored.
Sam is a city boy living in Dallas.
Tim borrowed a book from a friend.
Missy was first home from school and decided to play nintendo.
Tim was a great driver.
Tom had a test coming up.
Val was sensitive to pork meat.
I walk with a cane and a brace.
Maggie came back from work.
My first day on the job I was extremely nervous.
There is a large ethnic marketplace a few miles from my house.
Amy was taking down the sticky fly paper.
Jennifer was so hungry.
Jacob had a little black cat that he loved very much.
Tom's grandfather built a log cabin.
One morning Steven work up to a strange sound.
Isla had trouble remembering to brush her teeth.
Lucy realized she was late for work.
Elaine was an up and coming medium who claimed to talk to ghosts.
My brother was wearing a hat.
Red is my favorite color.
Tom wrote his girlfriend a break up letter.
Mimi fell in love with Al way before she saw his house.
Ash loved to go for hikes in the woods.
My friends recently invited an almost-homeless family to stay over.
Zeke was trying to work on his computer.
Today I went to school.
My grandmother taught me to sew when I was a young girl.
Heidi was a nice girl who'd not learned about hygiene and cosmetics.
Aya was thrown from her horse one afternoon.
My mother teased me for playing too many videogames.
Will decided he needed to toughen up.
Nancy found a very hyper cat in the alley.
Henry Bear's Park is a toy store in Cambridge.
One weekend i went to the Flea Market.
Sandy has been wearing braces for Years.
Marko Ster operated a successful YouTube channel on the internet.
Rachel was making breakfast.
Samuel wanted to teach his son a lesson in money management.
Jerry notices he's going bald a little on his head.
Barry saw someone in the river.
I was watching tv with my family.
I bought a container of kinetic sand.
Mary Jane was sick, and one day her friend brought her flowers.
Joe and David went hiking often.
Tim always wanted to make art.
Tina was supposed to clean her room.
Tom's apartment started to smell bad.
A man sat down to watch his favorite television show.
Noah has loved elephants for as long as he could remember.
Frank loved designing buildings.
The Lake family planned a trip to Santa Fe.
Eva was a chef at a fancy restaurant.
Alexa wanted to be a highly paid supermodel.
Alison had her first day of preschool.
Ricky Rickshaw was an immigrant from China.
Mary had to eat lunch at school diner.
Mose was making a chicken roast in the oven.
Martin looked up at the sky and saw a round object.
Maggie decided to make a chocolate cake.
Braydin was going to be short.
There was a man who loved balloons.
Joan and her family kayaked in a lake.
When it was close to Christmas John wanted to help others.
This was Julie's first time at the zoo.
Julia was cleaning her kitchen.
Jennie and Tom has been together for five years with three kids.
The air was just beginning to turn a little chilly.
Jen attended the farmers market in her town.
Jimmy was at home watching his two year old daughter.
Maurice was traveling to Mauritius.
Tom asked his crush out on a date.
Susan is from Germany.
Tom was out on a date.
Molly had a fat pony named Macaroni.
Angel was cooking breakfast.
Mandy loved to go to karaoke.
Tom was a powerful boxer.
Every year around thanksgiving there is a feast.
Samuel laughed at the girl running around taking orders.
Sally needed a dress for her event.
Edna went to church yesterday.
My sister-in-law's husband had a younger brother, Bill.
Kia's friends decided to do the Polar Bear Plunge.
Tim didn't like rollercoasters.
Allie had a baking business.
My brother loves to have a light jog around the park every sunday.
Miles had never gotten in trouble.
Tom was obsessed with a new videogame.
I don't usually like to wear underwear.
Tom was in the UFC.
Abby was exhausted.
Jane was cooking in the kitchen at a cafe.
I minded my sister-in-law's apartment today.
There were crumbs on the floor.
Tim kept messing up at work.
George locked the door to his apartment.
Sheila loved playing pranks, and she used to do it everyday.
Johnny played as a linebacker in his school team.
William was having a hard time walking because of his bed knee.
The dog appeared almost to be laughing.
I wanted the little blue dress.
The president has received a Letter.
A man blustered up to a store employee, clearly upset.
Miguel is a mechanic and loves to work on cars.
John tried out for his high school basketball team.
My sister-in-law gave me some elephants to sell on eBay.
Fred went to the beach with mike.
Georgia was checking her email.
My son started school yesterday.
Tabitha was walking her son through the town.
I had a knack for getting free things on the Internet.
Lucy drank water from the tap.
Leighton was helping her friend pull off her dream wedding.
Ryan was coughing and had a sore throat.
Charles was desperate to buy a car.
On day I was on a very crowded metro system.
Carly was expecting a baby soon.
North Carolina played Notre Dame Sunday night in basketball.
Joey loved to go hiking.
Ed and Jenny spent all morning making a sand castle.
Last weekend it rained seven inches.
Martha really liked animals of all kinds.
Mark said if Nancy mowed the lawn he would buy her a root beer float.
Yuan strolled merrily along a private bike trail he enjoyed.
My niece's youngest child is 9.
Shannon's brother Jason liked to go without shoes.
Angel always dreamed of becoming a fashion model.
I decided to go on a trip to Key West last winter.
My brother got home from work.
Peter didn't want to go to his afternoon classes.
Peter decided to organize a party for friends.
Clive noticed his drums sounding a bit off at the last gig.
My son has an active imagination.
Billy was having his first tennis lesson.
Andy noticed his skin was dry all of the time.
John had a big final coming up.
Lee loved getting her hair braided into micro braids.
For extra spending money Sully does odd jobs.
Irene was very sentimental.
Allie went to get a perm.
Cameron buried his pet dog Sparky.
My dad is visiting town this week.
Tasha believed in helping those in need.
Tom was doing some baking.
Today my water heater broke.
Jackie had gone to the grocery store.
Klaus examined the dead body in the woods.
Tom's work had labor shortages.
Phillip was listening to morse code on his ham radio.
Andrew has been to many Lakers games.
Charles hated job hunting during the Christmas season.
Ray wanted a nice garden in his front yard.
Tim had his birthday at the bowling alley.
John arrived home from work.
Susie was learning to ice skate.
Amy wanted a new dress.
Tom was an alcoholic.
Tim was a student in college.
Ann loved candy so much and was addicted.
Martin was talking to a woman on the plane.
Franks was running down the street.
Marco went to mass every Sunday with his family.
Sammy wanted to go ice skating on the frozen lake in town.
James looked out his window.
Tim had bat tires.
Amanda decided to take a scientific survey.
Little Trent went to a circus for the first time with his family.
Dave wanted to become a cop.
Abbey had been overweight ever since she'd had her third child.
John bought a house earlier this year.
Allie was feeding her baby for the first time.
The rodeo was in town.
Frank got to work and pressed the power button on his computer.
One day, a sailor left New York to go to London.
Emily is a major gift officer at a non-profit organization.
Tina was baking cookies.
Suzy and her friends decided to have a boat race.
Jolyn decided to go on a walk through the woods.
Kathy made white laundry today.
My friend has a hat.
Tom was drunk at a bar with friends.
Kim loves to cruise.
Bill booted the ball towards the goal.
Tom was trying to disarm a bomb.
My son is a little child.
My son needed to brush his teeth.
In the 5th grade I wanted to be in band.
We have an old comforter in the closet.
Little James was terrified of octopuses.
Sue ordered coffee.
Jackson was interested in learning to play the oboe.
He cuddled up close to her in bed.
Brandon was an artist.
My favorite food has always been pizza.
Mary works in the office.
Spud the beautiful was a tiny man.
Beverly lost her sim card.
Harry's granddad bought him a set of drums for his birthday.
Tila needed something to do.
My brother bought a fish.
Graham was watching TV after school.
A single woman dreamed of one day having a husband.
Tom was shopping at a goodwill.
Susie wanted to open up a convenience store.
We have a clubroom in our building.
My wife went to CVS.
Truck Bilderberg worked in cosmetics, but wanted to design.
John worked 70 hour weeks and rarely saw his toddler.
I helped my first graders fix a special Mother's' Day luncheon.
Mary invited John to her party.
Tom had been dating his girlfriend for months.
Charles was about twenty years older than the kids on the court.
When Kim walked in the house, she smelled something bad.
Bill watched a new TV show on his favorite channel.
Brian was trying to teach Karyn to play chess.
Katie decided to learn to make yogurt.
My friend Ben was a soldier in the second world war.
I decided to start a daily workout schedule.
Lea was having a panic attack in her apartment.
I told my roommate that I didn't want to go to class today.
Bob liked to pick the skin on his feet.
Michelle and Sally went out the local bar.
Nadine was trying to brush her hair.
The fifth grade class was going on a field trip.
Jane was out at the pool with friends.
Madeline was walking through a bazaar on vacation.
Benny likes music.
Zoey's neighbor's, Ms Smith, cat gave birth to a litter of kittens.
Shelly was sad because no one ever wrote her a poem.
Dana loved soup.
Ethan looked at his nails.
Alex was out for a drive.
On my way to work traffic was exceptionally slow.
Tim's girlfriend was the jealous type.
One afternoon, Jim was running down his stairs.
Shane was walking down the street.
Rob woke up one morning.
Tom's plants were all dying.
Kim wanted a Barbie dollhouse for Christmas.
The man was riding his motorcycle to work everyday as normal.
Tammy is a lawyer.
Timberly Johnstein was bad at baseball.
Mother Theresa was a kind woman.
She moved closers to the window to look out.
Larry went through the drive through of the mexican restaurant.
Lars was drinking water.
Colin lived in France.
Jill was very conscientious about her oral health.
Portia never kissed a man before she kissed George.
Pamela had left her window opened that morning.
Tom was taking out his trash.
I was offered the new job on Tuesday.
Mindy had a very bad memory.
I weighed myself 4 months ago for the first time in a year.
We had an old apple orchard on our farm.
Zakesha begged her mom for a new perm.
Garry was at the jewelry store.
Ellie was eating crackers in bed.
I remember when we celebrated my 18th birthday it was so fun.
I bought a nose hair clipper on Amazon.
Josie took her dog to the vet.
Tabitha had recently had braces put on.
Will felt that his yard was too bare.
The family was visiting the zoo.
The Chinese observe Ching Ming every year.
Will was feeling lonely.
My sister-in-law has a lot of aches and pains.
Kathy did not feel good this morning.
Tim wanted to quit smoking for the new year.
Xander enjoyed his private walking path.
Janine had just come home from the grocery store.
Kevin was the smallest boy on his basketball team.
Jimmy was reading about the dinosaurs.
Tommy was looking forward to playing football.
Jon wanted to go to Paris but didn't have enough money.
We met a guy in the labrat boarding house that loved girls.
Henry climbed a tree.
Betsy could not sleep at night.
We had a retirement party last weekend.
Sasha was in the car with her mom.
Sue signed up for a photography class at school.
Angel lost his job at the post office last week.
Tom went on a drive through the desert.
Little snowflake hurt her paw.
Brittany was planning her wedding.
Alex drove to the store to buy a beer.
Gameboy is a big orange cat.
Every year my mother and I go Black Friday shopping.
Victor loved to work out at the gym.
Susie decided to make pies for her mom.
Sue had decided not to get a new pair of eyeglasses at her eye exam.
Tom invested a lot of money in a company.
Pat was very sad.
Jeremy was skateboarding around town with his friends.
Tim had a new job.
Will noticed a dark spot on his arm.
Olive was watching her son play in the yard.
A group of teenage boys were gathering wood to sell.
Emma's dad had drowned when she was four.
Abdul purchased a guide before going camping for a week.
Tom's water heater was electric.
Jordie was shopping for groceries one day.
A father tried to put his 2year old son to sleep.
One day several friends and I decided to have a picnic.
Doug wanted to make dinner for his wife.
Tony Tortellini wasn't a fan of muslims.
A group of friends camped out in a disused house in the neighborhood.
I once had a lot of money.
Vlad was an electrician.
Bob always dreamed of being rich.
The allies invaded Fortress Europe on D-Day.
Tony had moved into own apartment.
The mailman threw a huge box in front of my house.
My internet went out at the house.
Davie Bowne was reaching the end of his life.
Susie got a gift for her birthday.
Little Sarah wanted to bake a dozen chocolate chip cookies.
I was working in a mall as a sales staff.
Mary works the customer service desk at a busy store.
Kim was having a kid.
Last week I tried to run up the stairs.
Billy and Jessica were happily married.
Vincent was a lifeguard at his neighborhood pool.
Adrian wanted to go to art school.
Jill started her school day with a good attitude.
Mark Salzman was a fishing boat captain.
At a midnight release a bunch of people lined up outside the store.
Barry was preparing to take the SAT's.
Will and his wife had an argument about the bills.
Tim had a favorite restaurant.
Allie had a best friend lisa.
Shana had been living with her boyfriend for a year.
Tom was at home during a weeknight.
The baby is coming home today.
Jay had been hearing a new song on the radio he really enjoyed.
Kent made himself a sandwich for lunch.
Michael moved to a new city.
A police officer responded to a call on his radio.
Emma was surprised that she was nominated for Homecoming court.
George looked outside his peep hole.
My cousin Rose, who is Asian, got married in NYC two weeks ago.
I went out yesterday.
Kia was always running late in the morning.
Melissa invited her best friend to the movies.
Jimmy walked home from work.
Ann was excited to watch her daughter perform a dance.
Bob and Don are little brothers.
Bill tried to pet a squirrel.
Will's buddies invited him to a haunted farm on Halloween night.
Levi debated whether or not to venture into the woods.
Tim had a construction company.
Kris wanted to be a good husband.
Liam dreaded going to his older sister's dance recital.
John and Lily were about to paint their first home.
Davis was at his family's log cabin in the forest.
Justin had a crush on Kate from the moment he saw her at school.
I was playing outside barefoot.
Amy was in track.
One day I was going to a Maine national park.
My spacebar stopped working.
Jim has a big test.
Sara's mom asked her to help out at a school carnival.
D'von found out the local zoo was looking for volunteers.
Linda loved rabbits, but she lived in an apartment.
My hair has transformed many times over the years.
The blaring of the alarm clock jolted Kate out of a peaceful slumber.
Yesterday I played chess online with my friend.
Robin is sixty Year's old and ready to retire.
Trixie was an adorable cat who never ate anything.
Gary's grandfather would drive Gary to school.
Tom was eating leftover fast food.
Madison's mom bought a special dessert for her at the store to make.
Rena wants to add a dog to her family.
Pam was bringing old boxes upstairs from her basement.
Tom spent all night wrapping gifts.
Ashley had the best coach in the world.
Fred was playing the stock market.
Rita patrolled parking meters and left tickets on violating cars.
Seth's favorite fruit was pineapple.
Nobu was chopping onions.
Fred was having his first date with Claire.
Wendy was about to turn 30.
Hannah was in a local cooking competition, and doing quite well.
Greg needed a new haircut for work.
Kia was running at a track meet, very close to another girl.
Holly did not feel good in the morning.
Officer Lang answered the call when it came to the station.
Tim was alone at home.
Jane loved her boyfriend.
When she grew up Kat wanted to be a writer.
Alvin failed the written part of his driver's exam.
It has been hours since Katie has moved from the couch.
Tim started dating a new girl.
Lizzy was going to her first day of kindergarten.
The Boston Red Sox were playing in CA last night.
Jessica was a hard working woman and a good wife.
Tom was drunk.
John told me he wanted to go to an arcade soon.
David's mother's birthday was coming up.
The mother held out the brand new teddy bear to her daughter.
There once was a developer named Babe Jewell.
Frank loved writing stories as a kid.
Tom almost never left his house.
Frank played high school football.
Todd was about to get married.
You know, when you break up, they say it is me, not you.
She was annoyed by teachers using red ink on her papers.
Darcy had a dentist's appointment one day.
Simon has been falling behind in school.
Vince was dozing off as he was driving.
Sarah looked out of her kitchen window.
Lester's sink was broken for some reason.
John rode his bike home.
Nancy won some money from poker.
Jamey was at the beach with his parents.
Amanda was fascinated by acrobats.
Joe was on the way to his sister's party.
Max and Emma were in the same class in kindergarten.
Lamie Mcramie knew it had to be done.
My move to vegas was not planned well.
Sparky is a third grader.
Heather had been getting sick every morning.
Tim was watching the night sky.
Telly Abelly was a racist.
Timmy Fragbert was lost.
Tim loved pizza.
Emma was in the car one night.
Rohini decides she has been ordering delivery food too much.
Luke worked 70 hours a week and hardly saw his kids.
Jim went fishing in a boat.
Phil worked as a computer programmer and as a pastor.
Tim was driving a big u-haul he'd rented to move with.
The bell for the next period rung in school.
I worked last night.
Tom lived in an old apartment.
Terry was walking several dogs to make money.
The house was small at first.
Today is my dad's birthday.
Angel and her boyfriend were dating for over three years.
A woman was shot Saturday night outside of her apartment building.
He asked her to draw him a picture.
Shad had three brothers.
Tom was out on a hike.
Browsing through the cosmetic store, Blake was on a mission.
Sandra noticed the medicines she sold didn't matter.
Alicia found out she was pregnant again.
Jerry was camping in the woods with his friends.
Mathias was born under difficult circumstances, his dad was a legend.
I was sitting in the car when I realized my backpack was wet.
Tom was in a band.
Allison was overwhelmed when she went to the store to choose wine.
Joe wanted to go to see his friend.
I decided to visit my grandma in our province.
Sally was a basketball player.
Jack woke up in the middle of the night with pain in his chest.
Amy loved Chocolate Chip cookies.
Rachael and Kristy were best friends.
Gregor was walking through the woods when he heard a strange sound.
I am in another state doing a job, sleeping on an air mattress.
Lydia went shopping for clothes.
The others already knew that Melissa was a bit claustrophobic.
My brother sent me an email awhile ago.
Sam decided he wanted to ride his bike to work to get some exercise.
Lisa had gone to the cemetery.
I secretly recorded my recent performance review.
Tom went on a cruise.
Tally was a very popular girl.
Molly loved going to dance classes.
I was sitting on the couch watching my favorite show.
Kevin was a freshman at college.
Jim Bob was smoking a cigar.
Dina decided to volunteer at a nursing home.
The Atlanta Falcons started their 2016 NFL season on Sunday.
Tim always wanted to see Washington DC in person.
Cindy was excited to cook dinner.
Marissa was pregnant but far from her due date.
Jen had poor health.
Jeff was a policeman.
She took the dog outside.
Jane wanted to get her license.
Tom had a small gathering for friends.
Lacy took a cigarette out of the pack.
Tina hired Stacy.
I went to Boston University from 1971 to 1975.
Kia dropped her TV remote by mistake one day.
Walter went to see a doctor.
Billy and Timmy were playing behind a church.
Nicole read about soapmaking and decided to try it.
After playing a few fair games, the kids decided to see the animals.
Dan walked to the park to use the swing.
Jane needed a new watch.
Tim was out with friends.
Annette worked at a restaurant.
Harry Ramrod drove his motorcycle every day.
James was trying to get his license.
Every Christmas Eve Charlie and his family spent the night together.
We lived in a condo from 1987 to 2013.
Annie was shopping with friends.
Gina was driving on a icy winding road.
Tom was trying to watch a movie.
Timothy went to visit a famous rock formation in an Oregon park.
Fall is my favorite season.
Halloween was a couple weeks ago.
Jayce avoided the new girl who sat beside him.
Two years ago, Todd's car was wrecked in an accident.
Chris had an eye infection.
Jason pointed out a cashier at Giant Eagle.
George took out his pen.
Joshua saw a goat at the fair.
Susie was about to go on her first coaster.
Rita and Katie heard a noise coming from an abandoned house.
Christopher met a new girl at his job.
Finally having a day off was a relief to Janeal.
She tied the red bow in a knot.
Lily was online trying to enjoy some forums.
Trent lost his leg in a motorboat accident.
In seventh grade I went to a ditch party.
Derek worked at the counter of a local fast food restaurant.
Maybe Marcus is a little more hot-blooded than the average person.
We moved here in March.
Kia had lost a leg to bone cancer.
Tom was at the shooting range.
Devin loved Easter.
Tim loved Halloween.
Max had left his bike on his yard after school.
Alicia loved going to the zoo.
John loved reading the newspaper every day.
Henry the clown wasn't a very good clown name.
Ginny and her mom where going out for a mother daughter night.
Hannah went shopping.
Wendy loved going to the gym every day.
Will was looking for a new pair of running shoes.
Sherry was a waitress at the only joint in town.
Samantha had terrible anxiety.
My mom used to always struggle with simple computer tasks.
Jessica went to the library.
I recently went for a drive.
Aiden acknowledged that he wasn't very smart.
Tom invited friends over.
Alaina was trying to take a photo while she jumped.
Tom decided to get Renter's insurance.
There was a beautiful table on sale.
She worked on it for over an hour.
Peter laces his shoes with only black laces.
Jess was going on her evening run in the neighborhood.
Zack wanted fried chicken.
Susie went to lunch with her friend Fran.
Leo showed me a trick at movie theaters last week.
John was invited for a lunch by his boss.
I walked into the room.
Lucy woke up to a phone call that school was delayed because of snow.
Aaron was always busy.
Tom's brother was getting married.
There once was a boy named Harry.
Brad's girlfriend bought Brad a pair of Valentine's boxer shorts.
Jerod took his girlfriend to Disneyland.
Shelly was on the phone with her boyfriend one night.
Jeffy lived in a house where he was the only cat.
Jess needed new clothes.
Gloria was saving for a new doll she saw at the toy store.
The construction workers were working on a new recreational center.
Greg was starting his new job today.
Tom's phone started having problems.
Jason lived at home and brought home a new puppy to his parents house.
Tom was at a campfire.
Glenn bought his cats a feather toy.
Casey wanted a pepperoni pizza.
One day Allan heard a knock on his door.
Somebody is applying for a job at my wife's company.
He went to see his favorite baseball team play.
Desmond loved taking apart pieces of technology.
Paul was in a car with a bunch of his friends.
Kayla could not wait to go shopping.
Janice had never volunteered at her daughter's school.
Hamburg Bergersmith had a big game to play.
The Smith family went to the mountains to cut a fresh Christmas tree.
Rachael really wanted Amy to watch downton abbey.
I bought my dog a new bone.
Mason admitted to the cops that he stole the wallet.
Sheena bought a new dress.
Claire was painting her nails.
Marcus tried to open the can opener with his bare hands.
Phillip loved to run outside.
Peter found out he had an asthma.
Marilyn was at the lake with her family.
Heather never received any cards for her birthday.
Ken was at the gas station filling up his truck.
Mary planted a flower in the pot.
My brother went food shopping in Allston, MA last night.
Sara had just turned thirteen.
Randy was getting worried about his weight.
Tricia had a reading test.
Sue and Steve had been dating for 3 years.
Lisa wanted her daughter to do more chores.
A group of friends came together to play a new game.
My mom taught me how to make Pasta!
Jen was home alone watching a horror movie.
Scout was a small, sleepy puppy who hadn't napped in 20 minutes.
There was a new roller coaster called the Monster.
I had to go see a doctor.
Gina's car was parked in the middle of the street.
Tommy Salami was having a terrible day.
Lindsay was young.
Allie went to the local fair.
Rick was setting up the tent near the forest.
The Smiths volunteered to participate in a university's study.
Tom rarely drank coffee.
Dylan invited all his friends over.
I never cleaned the bathroom at my house.
We were going to have a picnic today.
Ava was building a house.
Susie and her band was given achievement awards at school.
Janet worked as the manager of a fast food restaurant.
It was a perfect day to spend by the pool.
Jim took a long road trip.
Domino's pizza was one of the first pizza chains I remembered.
Sally knew that something was wrong with the washing machine.
Jim couldn't start his day without coffee.
Tina had a cat.
An accordion player was hungry after gig.
Jon felt he was becoming weak and physically unattractive.
Alicia needed a gift for her friend.
My niece started her second year of college last week.
I once dreamed of having my own guitar.
Early on the 4th of July, John and Bob could not wait for fireworks!
I had saved up enough money to go on a week long vacation.
Chris had been very depressed lately.
Tim was out on a hike in the desert.
My uncle was at a bar Saturday.
One day, Orly took his cat Dot to the vet.
Donald and Sharon were good friends.
Jane decided to bake bread.
Tim was feeling bored and stuffed in.
Jane wanted to cheer up her friend after a breakup.
Jan was a new server at a restaurant where Lars worked.
Justine was the most talented student in her class.
Sean lived in a supersized mansion with every amenity available.
Nicholas had always wanted to play the violin.
Mike married Karen, who had two children.
It was ball season and Stacey needed some new shoes.
Penny is a pitbull.
There was a box in the garage.
Martin is a car seller.
Ramon loved baseball.
I was going on a field trip.
Katie could not wait to wear her new shoes.
Kelly's husband was very sick.
A frog hopped out of the pond.
Gina went into her grandpa's room.
Jenny liked fresh fish.
Ben and Elena ended their friendship due to complications.
Shelly needed new brakes.
I hadn't seen my friends in a few months.
Danielle has a crying baby in her house.
Shelly loved to visit the ocean.
Nick loved sushi.
Tim lived in an old house.
Katie loved to make French toast.
Tom had a small restaurant.
Diana sacrificed her sleep to study for her math exam.
Mary went to a store.
I was told I should be pleasing.
In elementary school we had a girl in our class named Erica.
Tim didn't like wearing his seatbelt.
Sean was tossing and turning one night.
Klea was going on a trip soon.
Ian ate some tacos before going back to work.
Marcus hurt Krystal's feelings a lot yesterday.
It was passed Emily bedtime.
My friend Jim played chess with me at work during lunch.
Jane wanted to make chicken noodle soup.
Hunter camped outside his house in the bushes.
Tom was at a party with friends.
Jake and his dad are going fishing together.
I had a long night at work.
Candace was listening to the radio as she took a shower.
Turning sixteen was a milestone Sam was excited to see come.
Ben went to the supermarket to buy some snacks.
John let his pet cat inside because it started to rain.
Andrea heard sirens.
Doug had just bought a new truck.
Seth is a great drummer.
Michelle got a cold soda out of the fridge and set it on the counter.
Megan was going to find out the gender of her unborn baby.
Tom wanted to get into better shape.
Mindy was at school working on homework.
Ron finally got a vacation from work, so he went fishing.
Greg was having repairs done on his house.
I found the perfect barrettes.
Danny's birthday was in two days and his girlfriend got him a gift!
Tom had never seen a little person before.
Rosa set a goal to get a good grade on her test.
Deb loves her television but her living room is getting cluttered.
Alex has been in love with a girl for years.
In 1977 my brother and I attended a comic book convention.
Krista's school was hosting a haunted house as a fundraiser.
John was at his desk.
Mary ordered a cake in a restaurant.
Sharon decided to stay on campus for the holidays.
Olivia strives very hard to be a good person.
June has a test at school.
After a week in Gustav's village, the circus was ready to travel on.
Jack went to shop for groceries when his mom asked him to do so.
Berly was a great dreamer and she dreamed to be a songwriter.
My girlfriend found out she's allergic to birth control.
Today we went to Athan's Bakery in Brighton Center, Massachusetts.
My family went out for dinner one night.
Smoke Manmuscle was a retired action star.
I was taking a walk in the park.
Polly wasn't very good at telling jokes.
Nick tried to be careful as he dismantled his weather station.
Randy's son needed a serious surgery.
Richard was visiting his grandfather.
Marsha had been wanting a cat for her entire life.
Martin wake up in the morning with pain.
My friends were playing a game.
David had a habit of eating too quickly.
Harold had a falling out with his best friend at school.
I went to a restaurant yesterday.
Jack was with his aunt at an amusement park.
Matt poked the fire trying to stir the embers.
Charles had a lot of problems, but they all came down to money.
Andy was about to paint his front door of his house.
I dropped my cellphone in the toilet.
Tim went to the local roller rink with his friends.
Johnny needed a haircut.
Kia was playing poker with some friends from work.
Will's girlfriend asked him to go ice skating with her.
Sam wanted to be the best wrestler at his school.
Jimmy was marking names in his note book.
Joe bought a brand new boat.
I lit a candle because I loved the smell.
Tom normally drank Bud Light.
Sam was worried about his Great Aunt Dot.
Tom was eating at Subway.
Marta's air conditioner kept shutting off for some reason.
Peg's workplace had been having power outages all morning.
Tom was drunk one night.
Samantha had broken her crockpot while moving.
May had a decade worth of old clothes, books and stuff.
Tony wanted to buy a skateboard.
My daughter lives in Queens.
Sam had always wanted a dog.
Tom wanted to quit drinking.
Lucy had signed up for the army.
Donald walked through a parking-lot with his son.
Ray had to practice typing using a game at school.
The man looked up at the sky.
Stacey was feeling rather queasy.
Scott enjoyed playing softball multiple times a week.
Rita and Steve got divorced, but they remain friends.
Jane was about to go for a run.
Abby loved eating vegetables.
Steven was scared of a girl named Kate.
Jeff fell in love with his girlfriend.
Tom was prepping for a party.
Johnny wanted to see the planet Jupiter through a telescope.
Joe was asked to give A lift to Jason.
Callie was out with friends for dinner.
Jill threw her Frisbee towards Grant.
Working on the project was very hard.
Jeff's parents are going out of town this weekend.
Kelli was injured on the job and couldn't work for a while.
We watched the Superbowl on Sunday.
Lori had a sore throat.
I wanted to take a cheap vacation.
Sparky kept a big part of his homework hidden.
I have only been in one car accident.
My friend has a pair of glasses.
Franklin was playing hockey with some friends.
Jane was driving to work one day.
Our nephew lived in FL and AL from 2000 to 2005.
Jen took Lucy to ER.
Todd was trying to grill some burgers one day.
Craig always wanted a pet hamster.
George needed to lose weight or he could get diabetes.
Quincy spun the gyroscope.
Carol got off work really late one night.
James' parents did not childproof their home.
Will came home one evening after work.
Jerry was afraid of heights.
Christie and Nate dated in college.
Alice came to the work.
Today Mike got into a fight.
Garry was bored on a Sunday.
Drake loved to sing songs in the mirror.
Tom was at the club with co workers.
Tom was invited out to the bar.
Will decided his daughter should learn about money.
Danica had a crush on an older boy.
Cathy needed a new pair of gloves to play golf.
Hadley was at home when her boyfriend stopped by.
Last summer Anna went to a music festival.
Susie was driving with her best friend.
The sky was really black.
Sarah heard about a new organic bakery in town.
Elina was shopping at a big store.
My favorite show was on television yesterday.
Pat didn't want to mow the lawn today.
Mary loved butterflies.
Will had seasonal allergies.
It was Easter sunday.
George was visiting his bank to make a transaction.
Aaron met a Mexican girl and they fell in love.
Tom's neighbors had a dog.
Martin rolled up a piece of paper.
Ashley was always bragging about how she was the best track runner.
Mike's baby momma's husband was accused of child molestation.
Mary and Kyle were highschool sweethearts.
Rocky has always wanted a bike of his own.
Timmy's parents died last year leaving him homeless.
Chloe was in the kitchen making dinner.
I went to this new pizza place yesterday.
Theresa and Pat made a pact to live together in their later Year's.
Susan was playing basketball with her friends.
She ran outside without her shoes.
John danced samba with his partner.
Tonya recently got her first job.
Igor loved watching programs on the public broadcasting system.
Billy and James went fishing one day.
Cole loved spending time at the museum.
Kristopher saw a job posting for an advisor at a new company in town.
Lisa was ready for the big performance.
I bought some veggies so that I could eat healthy.
Jason climbed onto the kitchen counter.
Jason's favorite NBA team was the Lakers.
Anna went to church and enjoyed the sermon.
Mark was going to his brother's wedding.
Dan got on the subway late one night after work.
I was late to work today.
Anthony Jamtano was proud of his teeth.
Alfred Jumblies was a court prosecutor.
Jen loved hiking on the trails in the woods.
Michael Rogers is a fantastic basketball player.
The man was swimming.
Tom tried to put gas.
Buddy liked to fly small planes.
Julie didn't want to go to the dentist.
The Minnesota Vikings were expected to make noise this season.
Linda had gone on vacation.
Tom loved watching the UFC.
Warren was a corn farmer.
Pat had an inservice to attend on Tuesday with some of her friends.
Tim had severe social anxiety.
Tim hated Mondays.
Hugh was a terminally ill child.
When I was young, my mom took me and my brother to Jamaica.
Jamillah washed and hung out the laundry early that morning.
Binch Finch owned a company that manufactured winches.
Mary had a miscarriage.
I love video games, so I bought a new controller.
She named the puppy Prissy.
Allie tried to get a cab into the city from her house.
Marge had a pet pig named Maggie.
The kids loved summer.
Joshua blushed after he farted.
A man wanted to earn some extra money so he collected cans.
Hip hop has always been my favorite form of music.
Arthur McDouble wanted to impress everyone.
Sam was tired from work.
Miles encoded the Germans war code.
There was a strong storm at Bob's house.
Riley and Adam were out shopping.
John went to the hospital because he fell.
Theodore took out a rock from his pocket.
Bea found out she was pregnant.
Sally was a serious shopper and always has coupons.
Diane was trying to get into her apartment.
Ana's mom insisted cooking was easier than Ana thought.
The Philadelphia Eagles opened their 2016 football season on Sunday.
Tom was having a glass of water at night.
My heritage is in Jamaica.
Brittany is looking forward to the first day of school tomorrow.
I needed my driver's license.
Bob was fired from his job for sexually harassing female employees.
Angie heard loud knocking at her front door at three in the morning.
Maya was in a huge car accident.
Burt and Julie were thrilled to be at the circus.
Wilton was an economics professor at the local community college.
I got into my car.
I fell in love with a Special Forces soldier who looked perfect.
Jill found an old house on the property that she bought.
Jackie had her own radio show.
I work at Dairy Queen and a woman came in irate.
Jim lived too much in the past.
I was running around the track.
Lisa had won a contest to be in the circus for a day.
Jenny pushed the stroller up the stairs while watching the apes.
Crungle Rungle was aloof.
In May 1984, Philadelphia police had a standoff in West Philadelphia.
Andrew was a storm chaser for a major network.
Kelsey was getting ready for prom.
I had always hated the rain.
The other day I was at the amusement park.
Adam was a show off.
Will excitedly bought his wife a gift from Amazon's online store.
Ben told his mom that he's staying after school.
Judy had a beautiful garden.
Stephanie dropped her new ring behind the washing machine.
Jane was nervous about her driving test.
Carla's dog found a way to leave her backyard.
Barry was sitting in his recliner.
Tom and Amanda loved Indian food.
Layla has a great idea for a new kind of cookie.
Sharon felt she was the fastest and the best housekeeper at the hotel.
Tom found a girlfriend.
Roberta was using the bathroom.
Trisha was a dramatic little girl.
Tom was in his bedroom.
I played some Ping Pong as a kid.
Alice and John decided to make a snowman.
One of my friends in high school got suspended for fighting.
When I was in middle school, we played outside often.
Suzy went with her friends to the club.
The school had decided to repaint the cafeteria.
Tim wanted to be a rapper.
Kia's new car was stolen one night.
Kelly had a photo of her and her mom on her fridge.
Sue was chosen for jury duty.
Fred was having a craving for some chips.
Maya has always avoiding eating red meat for health reasons.
Ben liked to compete with his dog in Schutzhund tests.
Allie was having a panic attack.
Chris had been wanting to change jobs for months.
Tommy went to the park.
My girlfriend was born in India.
Claudia was reading a book about the ice age.
Martin invited Jessica to the jazz concert.
I haven't seen my sister for several years now.
Lulu loved to watch the birds outside.
Carl's girlfriend couldn't cook.
John wanted to enjoy his coffee on a bench in a park.
Katie wanted to cook an apple pie.
Leticia was vacuuming her room.
Lexi was on a school field trip.
Tim was having a small party.
Cindy was at the store with her mother.
Laura was flossing her teeth.
Nolan dreamed about an evil clown.
John needed to create a new presentation for his job.
Sebastian had no hope to pass his math test.
Will was excited to be his buddy's best man.
Leigh needed a change.
Janie was going to the bank.
Clara was tired of kids passing through her yard to go to the park.
In preparation for an upcoming bike race Ryan road his bike nightly.
Becka was very sensitive.
Andy recently had a upcoming road trip to Atlanta.
Tim was at a party.
Zach liked to play the trumpet.
I needed a pan way up high.
Miranda wanted to be a dentist.
Don showed up for his clarinet lesson.
Charlie had made dinner last week and frozen it.
The friends traveled to their school's football game.
Tim was at a local carnival.
Isaac bought a new china vase.
Kenichi Smith was a transfer student to Japan.
Susie and Fred just had their first child.
Warren was thinking of a title to his book.
It was race day and Sambal Slamlble got into his car.
Tom had a crush on a girl.
She had made the dean's list.
Karen was an American driving in the mountains of Norway.
Tim was diagnosed with cancer.
My wife had a retirement party on September 3.
Tim was with his family on a trip.
Dan walked outside in his favorite pair of shorts.
Abe wasn't pleased with his new neighbor.
It was getting close to winter.
I was born and raised in Florida.
Mary decided to bake a cake.
Camden and his brother loved going to the park.
Stromboli Oli was a DJ.
Kia walked into her afternoon history class.
Nate and his class were playing a game with marshmallows.
When Peggy left for work this morning, she could feel rain in the air.
My friends invited me rollerblading.
It was early and I brewed myself some coffee.
Arthur was painting a girl's portrait.
I played a baseball game this weekend.
Sam wanted to install a bird bath in his backyard so he dug a hole.
Jenna decided to cut her hair from down the back to a short pixie cut.
One night I spent two hours working on my homework.
With a deadline fast approaching, Kristen had to get down to work.
Fred and tom decided they wanted to go camping together.
Bertha lost her last friend when she was eighty years old.
Jack needed a new phone.
Jill got a new camera and was testing it out with her friends.
Tom was a mixed martial artist who was struggling.
The kids were bored.
Sarah had just moved into her first apartment.
Jerry was walking on the beach when he saw a turtle.
Kate was having a wedding.
Tom was a big UFC fan.
When Wally broke up with Barb, she was heartbroken for weeks.
Alexa's school was hosting a talent competition.
Tom was hiking in the woods.
A man woke up one day.
Will wasn't sure who he liked in the US presidential election.
Billy and his sister opened a lemonade stand.
James has worked at his job for 35 years.
I spent the weekend potty training my son.
Meredith needed to buy a present for her Grandma.
Dan was watching music videos on one of his monitors.
John's father was the preacher of a small Baptist church.
Zoey was at the store and picking out a bag of chips.
Kim threw a party one Saturday night.
The Ghetto Boys was a popular Rap group that secured a record deal.
It was the first day of winter and it was snowing.
Tammy enjoys sewing clothing.
The new coach was very young.
Aryah didn't like any of the presents she received for her birthday.
Tyron loved to play football.
Oliver was playing in his bedroom with his parents.
Derek stopped at a four way intersection.
Today is so hot that I am going to go swimming.
Julie wanted to attend her best friend Halloween Party.
John woke up one morning to his alarm clock.
Jason entered the kick-boxing ring with confidence.
Susan really loves her art.
Rob planned to apply to medical school.
Tom was meeting his girlfriend's parents for the first time.
I am a substitute teacher.
I bought my headphones earlier this year.
My brother used to be a scaredy cat.
The Professor did not give us any homework.
Tom was at a small gathering.
Since Nancy looked young and innocent, Drew loved her.
Wendy had a class first thing in the morning.
Maisie was supposed to take pictures with her family.
Asha never cooked for her Husband before.
Tim had never been on a cruise.
Bob heard that the new video game was released.
Don and Andrea dated for a long time in high school.
I called my landlord today.
It was Pete's daughter's bedtime.
She called it her medicine, the bottle she kept with her.
My roommate Trey owned lots of snakes.
Tom was on a trip.
My sister-in-law called me yesterday.
Greta was having trouble sleeping.
Tom saw a stray cat.
After getting over a fever, Maryann was excited to exercise again.
One day I was walking down the avenue in my city.
We lived by a pond.
Tim was put in orchestra as a child.
Shane left his house to go to school.
Cooper loved to play in the garden.
There once was a famous DoTA player named Artourzy Babaevski.
Jenny took out a frying pan.
John wanted to know how dogs could find electronic devices.
The binky was a sweet pink color.
Fran got a new job waiting tables at a restaurant.
Everytime I bring water to the park, it always gets hot.
My ex was running in the Kurdish mountains for training.
Kia's husband bought her a racy nightie.
Ken met Marie in an internet chat room.
I needed help with spelling.
John had a bad habit of drinking and driving.
In 1993, Catherine moved into our condo complex.
Jane went on a date.
Phil was a senior in high school.
Jim and Chris were best friends.
Today I was babysitting my young cousin.
There was a storm over Bill's house.
She bought a headband.
Katie was really bad at math.
I got a new water bottle.
James awoke to a loud noise in the kitchen.
Tom joined the army when he was quite young.
Tom was a bad gift giver.
Vivian always found her long, wavy hair difficult to maintain.
On Friday I had to take the MCAT which I needed to do well on.
Mark made a ham sandwich.
She had awoken filled with hope.
Tom was out at a party by a river.
Victor went to the doctor.
Aveline wanted attention.
Alice wanted to try some highlights.
Gina wanted to watch the new Sci-Fi channel.
I tried this new recipe for dinner last night.
James said he could dunk a basketball.
Mandy was getting ready for her wedding with her bridesmaids.
Sara decided that she wanted to grow flowers.
Jan liked to paint in her spare time.
Such decided to have a dinner party.
Hannah arrived to her friends house for the sleepover.
Amanda decided to take a walk to a park.
Steven was really popular at his school.
Maurice was writing a novel.
Brian had a baseball he loved to play with.
Sarah wanted a new shirt for the game.
Jenn was pregnant.
I noticed we were out of milk.
Tim was the new kid in school.
Al brought his erasable pen to school.
Maddie wanted to buy some ice cream.
Susie was not feeling well.
Tom was on his way to work.
Sonya was embarrassed about being a nerd.
Tom called to order a pizza.
Tom wanted to add a wing to his house.
Yesterday I went to a taco truck.
Lori moved into a new neighborhood.
Mary wanted to play the piano.
Ellen and her brother were riding in their father's boat.
Jean's family had some Dutch heritage.
Charles flew to Mexico to learn Spanish.
Elsa loved to tell stories.
Sitting in a front row seat, Julie expectantly awaited the clowns.
Daniel was moving to a new house.
My favorite part of our backyard was a tall, ancient blue spruce.
Tommy's class took a field trip to the zoo.
I lost my car to some random car lot.
Bobby loved going to the zoo.
At school, Charles stood around talking to his girlfriend Naomi.
In his senior year of high school, Jared was excited to go to prom.
Tim was playing kickball.
Todd never believed identity theft could happen to him.
Tony had to have surgery on his broken jaw.
A boy and his family were going on vacation.
George saw a huge spider crawling on his ceiling.
Jennifer's cat had gotten very sick recently.
Harry didn't want to go to class because an oral report was due.
Will left the living room while his daughter was watching cartoons.
Jessica was about to go to the dance.
Jim loved Tina so much that one day he asked her to marry him.
Sam worried about the math exam he had later in the day.
Kurt always bragged about how pretty his wife was.
Bill's house was dirty.
Mike regretted coming to work today.
Mike's new neighbor was having a garage sale.
Amy's mom was taking her to have her hair braided.
Jamie noticed her only hen hadn't laid an egg in over a week.
Leslie has always wanted to learn how to play the piano.
Faya went to a party at a lake with her friends.
Zach's favorite football team had a big game coming up.
Podnle Oddnle was a doctor.
Marnie and Thelma went to the circus.
Joe was a lonely kid.
I just spent an hour putting emails into my trash bin.
It was the first day of winter.
There were 3 girls and only 2 boys at the park.
Ralph took his dog to the vet.
A group of mentally-handicapped people formed a cult.
Danny had the biggest sweet tooth.
Mister Glick was a glutton for donuts.
Tom hated the taste of liver.
I was getting fat.
Juanita has decided to make a terrific omelette for her breakfast.
Del's favorite fruit was the peach.
Katherine was trying to change the channel.
Becky was a very bright girl who loved being a cheerleader.
Ronald got in a fight with his wife.
Stan was sitting alone in his room, again.
Wang was an international student.
Yasmine was going into labor.
Ben was ready to buy his first home.
Gina was interviewing for a job at a bank near her home.
Chad was helping a customer get an item from the shelf.
Tyler realizes he needs to find a job.
Anika desperately wanted to meet Chris Brown.
Francisco wants to be ready for his sister's upcoming birthday.
When I was at the coffee shop, there was a medical emergency.
Jason and three friends went fishing in Colorado.
Kim had just got a new little boy in her class.
Stu tore his sisters penguin plushie while arguing with her.
Gary owned a pig farm.
Jan really wanted a can of soup.
Phil's family wanted to take a trip to the beach.
Becca woke up feeling nauseous.
Adam needed to go to the store, but his car would not start.
Tia was staying late at work.
Sue ran for president of her class.
Ryan realizes that he has become very fat over the last two Year's.
Ollie was hunting for Easter eggs.
Josh needed to pay his electric bill.
I once was driving during a summer afternoon storm.
Sam bought a new Camaro.
Derrick lost his job because he was late too many times.
I took my car in for it's annual inspection.
Kevin wanted to go to college.
In the early 2000s Dan bought a bunch of Marvel stock.
Charles noticed a line of ants moving across his kitchen floor.
Tommy brought some friends to an arcade.
Zack is riding his skateboard down the sidewalk.
Stan's family was going to Adventureland.
Carly's mom had just come home from a trip.
My son fell asleep for his afternoon nap.
Dave as feeling hungry.
I was at a party and drinking with friends.
A line of watch fires stretched away into the night.
Lee begged her parents to let her stay up late.
On Tuesday we drove to Virginia Beach.
Zach knew he would be rich one day.
Very early, Mommy pulled the car into the new driveway.
Jon kept a loaded gun in his house for protection.
One sunny day the sky suddenly became dark and cloudy.
Thea wanted to support her kids by selling things she grew.
Jane and Jill lived together is a log cabin.
It was a warm summer day.
Jim was having a hard time affording his rent.
Jane wanted to cook healthy meals for her family.
Horatio has been trying to eat more healthy food at home.
Jake was at a garage sale.
Danielle was enjoying her date as she sat at dinner.
Jane wanted to wear a shirt.
Ron needed a new computer.
Matt notices that he has allowed ear wax to collect in his ears.
Libby hates cooking in her kitchen, and she is very bad at it.
Gary left the bar one night after hanging out with friends.
Reggie had a very hard time in the military.
Heather lived at the top of a mountain.
Zeke wanted to learn parkour.
Christmas was almost here.
Beth loved shoes.
John and I decided we wanted to see a baseball game today.
Julia was hungry one night.
I went to the jail facility to visit my friend.
Terry put glitter on all of her crafts.
Jet planted flowers in her garden in spring.
Randy had been fighting with his girlfriend.
A boy seemed to not be as happy as he should be.
Yesterday I saw west side story.
Molly and her family have a house in tornado alley.
Adalina found out she had cancer.
Todd has final exams this afternoon.
I wanted to become an entrepreneur.
Terry had her head face down.
My friend was sick.
Allan hated gym class.
Carter was at a party with her friends.
Linda was busy studying for a long test.
Brad wanted to learn Spanish.
Rick had a big pet snake in his home.
George went to the doctor for an eye exam.
May wanted to do something fun over the weekend.
Jamie was afraid someone was following her home each night.
Jimmy and Jay are friends.
Lucas realizes he cannot see as far as he used to.
Sue went to the gas station to buy bottled water.
There was a poor child sitting on the street.
Kay decided to sign up for a Farmer's CSA.
Taylor was proud of his well kept lawn.
For Halloween Bev and her five best friends decided to dress as cats.
Jen had always been intrigued by the variety of wine in Napa Valley.
The other day I wondered where does honey come from?
A bully pushed Iva down in the school yard.
Two children were having a philosophical argument about Jack Frost.
The Kim's wanted to have a family dinner.
Alicia was paying solitaire.
I am a transit buff.
Whitney graduated college.
My mom bought a bird when I was six.
Laura was drinking tea.
Alexia was nervous for her soccer tournament.
My friends were playing on the playground.
Nia was slim, but not in shape.
Last week my dad took me to the shooting range.
Bob always wanted a puppy.
We would go down to the park for football.
Sandy has been best friends with Sam for 10 Years.
Don drove to a park to take photos of birds.
Rod made a speech at a wedding.
Trey wanted to get out of the ghetto where he lived.
I always hoped for the opportunity to win a game for my team.
Every summer the Smiths take a trip up to the cape cod beaches.
Ella converted to Islam.
Frannie had a bad day.
Phil knew better than to have a fight at work.
Joey was a notoriously picky eater.
Eva signed up for a spinning class.
Jake decided to go on a short run.
A mother watched her daughter drawing on a piece of paper.
Jerry fell in love with Peggy.
Mikayla and her family were going to Epcot Center for the day.
Dora was tired of being picked on by her big brother.
Sarah's computer was running funny.
The Hayes family always went on vacation every year.
Lora was adding her expenses for every month.
Cameron went to the playground.
Vera dreamed of having white wall to wall carpeting.
It was bedtime at our house.
I love socks with stripes.
Bill was walking to his car one night.
Tom and Jay were best friends.
Gina had chosen to go to the high school her friend chose.
Megan was eating some noodles.
Kevin really liked this girl Susie.
Mike called himself the pirate of the New Harmony Township.
I wanted to go to the cinema.
Jennifer was walking home from college one day.
Amy loved to write short stories.
Heather got her own cell phone.
Today we had a snow day.
Daniel hates cold weather but lives in Indiana.
Kate wrote a book.
I woke up to the sound of my alarm going off.
Jim's dad was getting up in years, turning ninety.
Today I threw a rock at a bird.
The chemistry teacher was teaching her students how to light burners.
Tyler was always arguing with his father.
Nancy wanted to own a small business.
Brent and his friends were at lunch laughing and joking.
Twas the night before Easter.
I drove my elderly dad to have dinner with family at a restaurant.
Jo's mom saved up to buy her a special gift.
We walked to the burger place for dinner.
Kelly was asian.
Larry is working late tonight.
Irie loved to have fun.
Neil was telling his family about his trip through Europe.
A friend went to get a tattoo.
One fateful Christmas it was snowing more than usual.
Jeff is moving to Detroit to fix the economy.
The inexperienced couple went out to the woods to camp.
My college friend and I went to lunch one day.
I love the sound of auto-tuned vocals.
Ned wanted a new video game.
I press flower petals as a hobby.
Six miscreants kidnapped a couple of college students.
Ed gave his girlfriend a box of Cracker Jacks.
Gary decided to go swimming in the pool.
Maya wrote a book.
Jason and his friends took a trip to Six Flags yesterday.
Last night I decided to cook dinner for my boyfriend.
John was going camping this weekend.
Jon was working on his coffee table.
Missy's chair broke while she was sitting on it.
Bob is a trucker who drove to the nearest stop to fill up on gas.
Bill's niece was going to have a birthday party this weekend.
I was a clown for children's birthday parties.
John was in the market for a new car.
Elle and Ed were on a road trip.
The end of senior year was stressful for Maya.
I had a very important hockey game coming up.
Amy and her crush weren't friends anymore.
Marge was so bad with technology that her friends mocked her for it.
Miley was in a stock broker business.
Meaghann saw a sign.
Four girls lived in a house together.
Her father enjoyed the idea of walking her down the aisle.
Molly was going to her first school dance party.
We all went out to dinner together.
Eric wanted to plan something special for his first date with Kelly.
Ed went outside to build a snowman.
Lucy went with her family to the pumpkin patch to pick pumpkins.
I came home from work extremely exhausted.
Bill walked into the bowling alley making thunder noises.
Nicole had a large store makeover to do at Olympia Sports.
Beth and Laurie wanted to see their favorite band in another city.
Ty wanted to join a dance class.
Cara and her family went on their first trip to Disney last summer.
Tom was always the class clown.
Miley paid other people to write her papers in college.
My dog, Constantine, hates to take a bath.
Sam was hungry so he decided to make rice.
Nick decides to make pasta for dinner.
I never liked going to church.
Andrew was a trouble child with no friends.
Jane was playing with legos.
I decided to go to the bar.
Kevin went to a movie theater alone.
The Turners were flying home from Hawaii.
I had been a Packers fan all my life.
Someone tried to pickpocket Brian.
I was broke last week and ran out of beer.
I frantically searched the house for my keys.
Sue wanted a baby, but her uterus was undersized and shaped strangely.
Dan went to the cafeteria.
Courbin was about to turn two.
Jake was about to park near a store.
A hurricane took over the town today.
Bob was boasting about how good of a runner he is.
I used to work at a domestic violence shelter.
Bobby and his family were at a drive through zoo.
Mark was playing hide and seek with his dad.
Alex celebrated every Chinese New Year with his family.
Ben liked to play around with animals.
Holly was a good neighbor.
Kay was starting her new job at the bakery.
Apart of physical education class was a dance segment.
Randi was a girl who enjoyed being a tomboy.
Jude always wanted to be a snake charmer like his dad.
Michael's assignment was due today.
Cornelius realizes he doesn't have any hobbies.
After school, Billy went with his mother to meet with his teacher.
Charles loves the breakfast sandwiches from Mcdonald's.
Shawn wanted a bike to ride to school.
Fred loves to play crazy eights.
I wanted to win the channel nine pizza contest.
There was a boy who wanted to join the scouts.
James gave his girlfriend, Lorna, a metal detector for her birthday.
Ricki arrived at the lifeguarding class and she was older than others.
Reggie had pain in his mouth and had to get his wisdom teeth removed.
It was a busy night at the restaurant.
Mike went to the dentist.
Susan was trying to get a soda from the vending machine.
A student pilot wanted to fly but was afraid.
Cindy's mom brought home sacks of candy for Halloween.
Susan was happy because it was her birthday.
I love to eat honey.
Matt really wanted to be a superhero.
Patty went to the store for fish sticks.
Marshall had a drug problem.
Kim was visiting Paris.
I grew up in the South End of Boston.
Jason wants to learn kung fu.
Frank got grounded for the day for being late.
Lee was having her first dinner with her newly adopted daughter Ivy.
I decided to fry some chicken.
Craigus was a good student in college.
Jennifer heard that a meteor shower was taking place that night.
The sailor felt a breeze blow across his face.
Nick loved bird watching.
All Tim ever wanted to do was be a writer.
One evening Paige could not find her dog.
Alain was very hungry at work.
Dan followed the rainbow over the hills and roads.
Richard was excited about virtual reality.
Nick needed to get an oil change.
Tom's wrists had been hurting recently.
Kim was going to pick out a Christmas tree with her grandma.
My family got together to celebrate Christmas.
Ethan left to go hunting the first week of November.
Christina began working at a theatre when she was a teen.
Everyday Tina decided to eat an easy mac.
Katy knew it was naughty, but one night she stayed up for Santa.
My daughter went to a baby shower two weeks ago.
Bobby and Sue went to the zoo yesterday.
Terry was writing a research paper.
Jennifer recently enrolled in school.
They heard the weather forecast about the storm and were nervous.
Sarah's boss called her into his office one morning.
Christian was camping with his girlfriend Aline.
I needed to take a shower the other day.
Tim got a job as a cashier.
I woke up while shivering from the cold weather.
Ted loved sandwiches.
I went to the cafe last Saturday to get some work done.
Menzel's family was from Kenya.
Gina's parents had purchased new beds for everyone.
I wanted to become an inventor.
I went to the homecoming dance to hang out with friends.
Diana forgot to bring her cell phone with her.
Chad wanted to replace the granite on his island in the kitchen.
John and Matt were arguing today at lunch, no one could stop them.
My yard was covered in leaves.
Ramona and lulu decided to have lunch together.
The brakes on my car started pulsating.
Samantha didn't know who her biological parents where.
We went fishing this summer.
My wife and I have a small bed.
Gina was so excited for prom.
Bob woke up after sleeping in.
Frank was getting ready for his fantasy baseball draft.
There is a fossil shop on the Isle of Wight called Island Gems.
I have starting to golf on the weekends.
Sam let Tim borrow his headphones.
Josh had been working on building a home for a month now.
Marcus decides that he wants to play a sport this Spring.
Iva wanted to be an archer.
I was away at college, and had a long distance relationship.
I needed to buy some new clothes.
We open our swimming pool every year in April.
I decided to play scrabble today.
Yesterday I had a very high temperature.
Elle's mom asked her if she wanted an apple.
Ben was cooking burger patties one night.
Sam was talking on the phone with his mother.
Amy wanted a new dorm room.
Tammy's parents were coming over at 8.
Billy was told to shovel the front sidewalk of the house.
Mary had a lot of knee trouble.
Kim's boyfriend was in the navy.
Kelly's sister was having a baby.
My daughter's old college roommate is having a baby.
Don was cooking chicken.
Dan was in line at the gas station.
Kelly ate some pizza last night.
Danny was playing cards with his little sister.
As part of a trip, Kelli and her friend went to the ice cream factory.
Dan is a friend of mine, perhaps the best I have.
Last week my wife and I went to see the glaciers.
Dylan had ordered a video game online.
A girl wanted a pony.
It was getting very cold in Nea's town.
There was a kid named Mary that had a black cat.
Tom had trouble getting a job with a degree in journalism.
Two friends go to the dog park.
We visited my daughter and fiance in DC in 2008.
Cleo was driving in the car with her mother.
I got a hundred dollar gift card for my birthday.
Phil bought a brand new vase from the mall.
Terry Nova loved stars.
Larry was on his way to his wedding.
Jim loved to go shopping.
I purchased a computer tablet at the store.
My 19 year old niece broke up with her first boyfriend last month.
My friend Tom likes to make up dramatic stories.
Maxwell took the bus home from school every day.
Ginny hated math class.
Tina set her alarm for 5:00 am.
Yesterday I went flower picking.
Kelly was trying to drive home from work.
Rin worked as a cook at an all day breakfast restaurant.
Jill is pregnant.
My family invited my uncle over for dinner.
My parents took me to a man-made beach one summer.
Our pet dog was weighed at the vet yesterday.
Today, Clark was on a normal walk through his neighborhood.
Tammy always wanted to be a trick rider at the circus.
Johnny got out of the bus.
Jenny was a singer and she was really talented.
Ryan climbed the long set of stairs to get to the water slide.
Sadie knew that it had to be somewhere around here.
The little boy waited patiently for Easter to get here.
When Peter was young, he liked to play with dolls.
Sean and Sara were watching TV when the power went out.
George started to eat his cereal.
Charles didn't believe Calvin was on death row.
Shawn lived in a really crappy apartment complex.
Alice was very sick.
I was a shy kid.
One day, Joel's house was burglarized.
I wondered if there would be anything fun on Facebook today.
Steve was the manager of a branch of a local bank.
Devon was performing at a gig.
Joseph decided he wanted to learn to play a new instrument.
Bob and Christina went out to see the new movie.
Tom decided to rush out of house one day.
Anne and Sam were best friends.
Damon had always wondered what was in his grandma's attic.
When I was at the doctor yesterday I needed a shot.
The student snuck up the stairs and onto the second floor.
Frank works for a kidney dialysis company.
Ana and Alex were in the fourth grade.
Bella took a trip to Seaworld for the first time.
Joe's parents were adopting a little girl from Korea.
James was on a little league team.
My grandpa was an air traffic controller before he retired.
Dominick was in middle school.
Nancy was walking across the office.
Betty died and left her house to her grandkids.
Lorraine noticed her finger nail was looking ragged.
I was excited to get my second ultrasound.
Yesterday I decided to dye my own hair.
One Monday afternoon at school all the students were escorted outside.
Sally tried to fit into her old jeans.
Gina's only remaining friend was Tami.
George Wanted to surprise his mom with a homemade cake.
Bob the theater manager was expecting a big crowd at the show.
Jill's new baby needed a bath.
Jenna had just bought a new bottle of foundation.
Holly was upset the DJ hadn't played her favorite song at the party.
I am such a big fan of old school hip hop!
Kelly felt horrible today as she was sick with the flu.
Mason made a deal that he could have a phone if he saved up for it.
Tia was hunting to feed her family.
I lived in Norway.
Fred and George were in their last year of school.
Allison needs a haircut.
Freda had heard some awful news.
Ro heard a weird bumping sound.
Jared needed to look good for a dance.
Drew eats one apple a day.
My neighbors got a new dog.
Emma wanted to go on a cruise.
Sandy wanted to pick the volume in the car.
There is a pair of pants Jane really wants that cost $200.
My parents live a few blocks from me.
Mary wanted to learn how to make an apple pie.
Darren was late for school!
Sara bought a lottery ticket.
Bradley studied hard all semester in all his classes.
There was a hurricane coming through Florida.
Ed wanted a stylish new best like his friends had.
David was a college student.
Today my dad took me and my brothers to the zoo.
My wife got peppermint bark candy this past Christmas.
I poured the hot water from the kettle into my cup.
There was a grandpa who was behind the times.
My husband always does the dishes and cleans the kitchen.
Tom took three showers a day.
Carl tried out for the men's volleyball team.
Jane ordered dinner online for the first time.
Patrick was practicing trick basketball shots.
It was a rainy day and young Felicity was bored.
Kim was turning 21.
The car wouldn't start again.
Telli wanted to earn some cash over the summer.
June asked her father if she can go out.
Richard had a strange urge to wake up in the middle of the night.
Tim was coming home from work.
My windows let in too much light.
The scientist was doing his experiment.
It was the end of Tina's first semester in college.
Ann assured her vegetarian friend that her squash soup was vegetarian.
Ivan had one cat.
Nita wanted a car.
Lucy was at her friend Mary's house.
Emma was celebrating her birthday.
Due to the dry season, the forest caught fire.
Matt wanted to be a wrestler.
Mike lost his job.
Arthur was planning on going home for the holidays.
Marcus had a crush on his best friend.
Sarah was walking through her house.
Sam was interested in buying a new digital camera.
Val sat at Ali's table during lunch.
There was a murder on fifth street.
I visited my grandfather's house.
May had a 7 month old baby who woke up every night to eat.
Kaitlyn was at home with her children.
Jack is a chemistry major.
Chad wanted a bicycle.
Frank played on his skateboard at the park.
Alice bought a new kite.
Jackson needs beans for the dinner he is cooking tonight.
Joe was twelve when he decided to run away from home.
Gray was a little boy who hated to take naps.
Jim was running after the ball that Brad had.
Sam showed off his new ladder to his friend Pete.
Rich glared at his captives in disgust.
Buzzy had overslept.
Gina expected her grandma to come in the house after feeding the dogs.
Sue went shopping for her wedding dress.
Fred had a bad sleeping schedule.
Tim's rock band was headed to a gig at a school.
Milly's dog, Buttons died rather suddenly.
Mark was 8 and really wanted a pet.
I had lunch with two friends yesterday.
One winter it snowed very hard.
Amy awoke scared one morning.
I went to the store with twenty dollars.
Dan beckoned the other boys to come over.
Daniel gave Julia a hug before she left.
Trish had big plans for Black Friday shopping.
Ella really wanted a kitten.
I had always wanted to work from home.
Yesterday I had the worst experience in the airport.
Billy's birthday was a few weeks ago.
Erin's least favorite food was baked beans.
Paul had his first part time job.
My husband Called me, telling me our child was very sick.
I have been training for my next wrestling match.
Jeff needed a haircut.
Corey feels very heartbroken today.
A new video game came out that looked very cool.
Emmy and Liz played out in the snow for hours.
Isabella wanted to throw the best Halloween party.
Bil was dating Jenny.
Kevin and Glenn's mother really loved musicals.
Amanda was a college student.
When I was young, I dreamed of flying.
Sue got a diary for her birthday.
My friends and I took a roadtrip last summer.
Hari loved to play cricket.
Christa was a pilates teacher.
My two sisters and I heard our Dad come in from work.
Billy received a call from his friends last Thursday.
I know my home is secure because I lock all the doors.
Junie was adopted from Korea.
I went outside to check the mail.
My dad was a police officer.
Bobby buys a cheap stereo on craigslist.
Larry spent most of his childhood in foster care.
I attended a wrestling event.
Ben's parents left him home alone when they went on date night.
Josh broke up with his girlfriend.
Kella was remodeling her kitchen.
Amy had just arrived at the dorms where she lived.
I wanted to make myself a delicious meatball sub.
Kevin was at a safari.
Terri's phone began to ring.
Gloria made the best empanadas in Colombia.
Judy had gym class after lunch.
Sara's toddler was playing on the floor.
On New Year's Day my daughter and I took the kids to New York City.
Jill was playing video games with her sister Mary.
A young African boy was walking in the jungle.
Bill had an extreme fear of fire.
All of my clothes were dirty.
The movie Lucy went to Blockbuster to rent was out of stock.
Evan saw tiny minnows in the creek behind his home.
Lela was involved in an insurance swindle worth millions.
I liked a girl in my class.
Sally was preparing to enter her first day of high school.
Eric was a scientist.
Jerry was talking to the family.
Jennie was very excited.
Lucy's boyfriend loved stuffed peppers.
Amy went to the Mall of America.
Simon was afraid of getting into a car accident.
The other day I wanted to make peanut butter and crackers.
Milton was 72 Year's old and the president of a university.
Ben and his friend Curly we're going climbing in Venezuela.
My landlord is so lazy.
As a 41-year-old man, my mother doesn't give me money.
Bob was walking the fairgrounds.
At the local bank they had an elevator.
Gary lived on a farm and raised chickens.
Sally was at the movie theater.
Mary was really busy with school lately.
When I was a kid, my mom and dad divorced.
Madison was excited when she heard her favorite show was online.
Tuck was about a hundred pounds overweight.
I wanted to become a janitor.
I had planted two plants, called butterfly bushes.
The dropoff in the rushing water was mere inches away.
Sammy was a very determined baby.
After Halloween, Ida had a lot of extra candy.
Bret wanted a piggy bank that was actually shaped like a pig.
When Tiffany was 17, she got a job at a nursing home.
Jeb was sobbing miserably.
Bart loved stuff about airplanes.
Amy had a husband named Bobby.
Tom hated his job so much that he quit today.
I was sitting in my math class.
John wanted to make pasta with fresh mushrooms.
I wanted to make more money.
Mary got a kitten last Saturday.
Sara got invited to her prom, but she couldn't afford a dress!
John awoke to the sound of a lawnmower.
Adam was mountain climbing.
Sasha had just made some soup.
Tony really wanted to be strong and healthy.
Joe was bowling with his friends while there was a storm outside.
Jim decided to be a rockstar.
Jake liked frosted flakes.
Lou wanted to help people.
Dan saw a beautiful girl at the club.
Whitney was supposed to go out with a guy.
The couple had never tried scuba diving before.
Some friends and I were drinking at the bar.
Sam was foraging the forest near his house for mushrooms.
Lucretia knows that soda is very unhealthy but she loves the taste.
Neil was traveling across Africa.
Sam was driving to a new friend's house.
Derek wanted to be a doctor.
The teacher took her class to the art museum.
Jacob went for a walk on the boardwalk.
Jane had a brown cat.
My boss sent me an email asking me about a virus he got.
Kim was decorating the Christmas tree with her mother.
Michael liked to lift weights.
Amber was really stressed out.
Viola had always loved working with her hands and making things.
The sign said Birmingham was only 30 miles away.
Gina wanted to dress with more color.
The coat was old and smelly but he loved it.
Ted decided to run for class president.
Ed found a mint condition iPhone in the gutter.
Sam got a new phone in the mail.
Dan Patrick hosts a national sports talk radio program.
I had a math test in one hour.
Joe wanted to buy a new bike.
Rick dreamed of being a pilot like his grandfather.
Janet saw a plate of icing on the kitchen counter.
We went to the movies to see Creed the movie.
Jane didn't drink but she wanted to fit in.
I worked hard in high school.
Sam was cleaning her house.
My friend Xena is very shy.
I got bullied by Jan again today.
So, before it got too cold, we decided to try fishing at a local pond.
Matt and his girlfriend went on a trip.
Lulu wanted to take her daughter Avery shopping.
Vinny wanted to be like his uncle in every way.
Jamie was never able to afford a Christmas gift for her parents.
Roy was in his living room on a stormy night.
John and Eric had been best friends since they were young children.
Georgia was on a business trip to New Jersey.
I was feeling down.
Emily needs to pay her bills.
My sons did an experiment with their NCAA brackets this year.
Farm girl Ernestine couldn't wait to move to the city.
One day, Jonah was coloring at the table.
Ky just began working in a new position.
Ed was at the Renaissance Festival.
Jason balanced his checkbook.
Maggie was leaving her house.
Ed wanted to be a fighter.
James was playing flag football with his friends.
Lucy ordered some pizza.
Colin arrived home after a hard's day work, exhausted.
Anna awoke feeling very grungy.
Kim got a brand new vacuum.
Linda needed some flour and milk.
Eden wanted to get her father a new tie.
The family was hanging out inside of the chapel hall.
Grace had an oral exam in science class.
My  cat  always  wants to  look  out the  window .
All of Brian's friends told him he was a great singer.
Becky always felt pale.
Ted was in his 70s and had long since lost his first wife.
John felt unusually tired.
Gina wanted potato chips.
When FBI agents come looking for Bill he thinks he's in trouble.
I was taking a walk down the street and heard a tiny meow.
Xavier took a metalworking and fabrications class.
Ann was excited to go to her aunt's wedding.
Francine stopped over her son's house for lunch.
The train conductor looked up from his controls.
In 1998 we had to get uniforms for my son.
Jon was a pizza delivery driver working his night shift.
Nick's old smart phone was very slow.
Jane and Paul went to a Thai restaurant.
Charles loves banana pudding.
First, when I got into my class my teacher called me over.
Ben was very hungry.
Nicole studied for her Spanish exam on Friday as hard as she could.
Sue really like Andy.
I wanted to learn how to make a really delicious pan of lasagna.
Mary found an old pair of binoculars at a lawn sale.
Emily's friends invited her to go to the beach.
Ed overslept one morning.
Mike woke up on April 15th in a panic.
I wanted to play the stock market.
Nancy was on a date at an amusement park.
Bob was out for a morning run.
Rachel decided to try calamari for the first time.
Sal's cat died after ten years.
Growing up in the South has been an adventure.
Aubrey went to a concert with her boyfriend.
Jim was an engineer.
Mary and Fred planned a two week vacation to Indonesia.
Pat was interested in learning to play the piano.
John decided he needed to get in shape before summer.
The owner of a bar wanted to attract more customers.
Adam really loved Angel.
Jan had an ice skating party for her birthday.
Johnny was going to sleep in his own bed for the first time.
Hillary wanted a second dog.
Sam really wanted to impress Mary.
I had a boyfriend named Matt.
Jill wanted to take her daughter ally shoe shopping.
Timmy had just opened a restaurant downtown in his city.
Tom went to the coffee shop.
Grandma Jenkins cooked a large pot of gumbo for lunch.
Elle's chorus was having a bake sale to raise money for new robes.
May practiced all week for the big school spelling bee.
Janet was playing ball with her brother outside.
Jan went to lunch with Kim.
I found my friend sad in school.
Hannah enjoyed writing short stories.
Tim really liked Cindy.
Susan wanted to go on a cruise for vacation.
Juanita has felt increasingly tired at work.
A train conductor was coming up to an intersection with a road.
Mom always used to stitch up my teddy bear.
Charles turned five in December.
Marie's mom brought home a box of donated clothes.
Jeff needed to mow his lawn.
Mary kept getting calls from random people.
Twenty years ago Brian felt that his front yard was boring.
I took my daughter to Dim Sum when she was 15.
There was this Italian place next to where Jennifer lives.
Lance had an appointment in town.
Gina called her dad to ask for money.
Robert is an interior designer.
Ed thought he would be nice to the geese the the pond near his office.
Joe was at the airport.
Jamie had signed up for Secret Santa.
Jenna had a habit of piling her dishes in the sink.
Larry dropped a plate while washing dishes.
Mary took her dog to the park.
Nadia was not having a very good day.
Neil was volunteering in the Gaza Strip.
Pam asked Drew if she can hang out with him.
Emerson is a professional golfer.
Alan had to leave his farm to help his aging parents in the city.
Elena was walking through the rainy with her umbrella.
One day, Max received a phone call.
Robert has been trying to be a cop for three Years with no luck.
Lee knew his dad wanted a new suit for Christmas.
Luis was approached at a gas station.
Alex and Olivia had been dating for a year.
My son loves fruit snacks.
A man started a job at a factory.
Ronnie's father told him don't tell your friends which girl you like.
Gray wanted to play baseball.
Heather was a caring and sweet little girl.
Ana wanted to be more eco-friendly.
Belle was at a party.
Rachida lived in Florida her whole life.
I've always been scared of water parks.
I needed a laptop for my job.
Bob was feeling lucky so he went to a casino.
A scientist worked late on night in his lab on a special project.
Jonathan's favorite animal was the horse.
Mia was trying to make sunny side up eggs.
Alex lived near New York City during hurricane Sandy.
I was camping one autumn night.
Beth had just moved to a new country.
Robert's computer was acting strangely, which worried him.
Laura was home alone one night.
Phil was in the middle of a conversation.
He didn't practice at all.
Dan was invited to a Halloween party.
Kim wanted to buy a car.
A girl took some black construction paper to make herself a witch hat.
Gina had a crush on Jamie.
Charles thought Anita was a very pretty girl.
Ashley M worked at an animal shelter.
The cavern sat alone on the edge of a mountain.
Tim went to the store.
I took the bus into downtown.
Joe was brushing his teeth.
Jane had lost her dog, and she was very upset.
Shawn was in his apartment.
I was driving between a large truck with a gas tank.
Gina was at her her grandma's house.
David was constantly made fun of for having acne.
My dog loves to get bones and treats.
Sandy went fishing with her grandfather for the first time.
Jimmy didn't want to go to school.
Dominick use to hate school.
Hank bought a bow and arrow and learned how to use them.
Jenna loves walking on the beach to relax.
Nicole was a waitress, and she was waiting on a very rude customer.
Ed invited his friends over.
Gina was wandering the hallways.
I had a group project to turn in.
Nic's classmates teased him about his thick glasses.
Thanksgiving was Ryan's favorite holiday.
Brandon got up to look for his phone.
Lucy was sitting on the curb crying.
Ann went to the parade with her son.
Sam was working in the garden.
Gina still had sand on her face and clothes.
Sasha was not a good girl.
As a child, Ken wanted to build a bridge to cross a stream in a park.
Martha wanted to have a fun day.
Hannah wants to set the world record for crunches.
Avery and Connor are two kids who live in my building.
Marko loved Valentine's Day.
I had a unique old Sony VCR and remote.
Ben was riding his bike fast down the path.
Yesterday I was cleaning up after a party.
Taylor worked hard to get into college.
Gina wanted some privacy while at her grandparents.
Victoria's dad was going to have a birthday soon.
Arthur took his girlfriend to the ice skating rink.
Matt hadn't seen his father in many years.
Amy was having a great time at a party.
Tiffany was always texting her twin sister,Brittany.
Mike never got good rest.
Bob was vacationing in Seattle.
Tara was walking her dog outside.
Kelly couldn't wait to see the new Star Wars movie.
Jane explicitly told the housekeeper to stay away from the closet.
Mary was cooking dinner.
Exercise walking was boring until I got a bright idea.
Amy had worked in stockroom at Marshall's for 3 months.
Alissa's throat had been hurting.
Hana wanted to teach her daughter Ann how to swim.
I wanted to get a job.
Gina was scowling at the new boy in her class.
I was on my way to New York last weekend.
Joseph was messing with his little sister.
I slept in and was late for work.
Ted was walking on an icy sidewalk.
Noel couldn't believe it when they legalized Medical marijuana.
Kelly tried to go to work early yesterday.
Brandy loved cupcakes.
Larry was jealous of his neighbor's green grass.
Ted went to school one day.
Charles stopped to talk to democrat party recruiters on campus.
Jeremy went to the beach with his friends.
Mario was an all around entertainer.
Chuck had just got off work.
Tim had a really important rehearsal with his band.
Every day, Tom walked past street bums on his way to work.
Julie was on the couch when she saw her mom.
The Chinese ferment eggs until they are black.
Dan's tires all seemed low.
After Richard's grandfather died, he decided to clean out the attic.
Sally had a huge nose which she hated.
Tom and Jane set a shopping date up a few months ago.
Timmy hated to eat vegetables.
Charles loved to sail and swim.
Barney had a cat named Pickles.
My utilities bill was expensive!
Tim decided to take his health seriously.
Max needed to get up early for an appointment.
I went to Hawaii.
Tim was studying for a math test.
Taylor wanted a pizza.
Bob and Sue heard a loud noise outside.
Rita was absent from school one day.
Jane admired the music of The Doors.
I was walking down the sidewalk.
Amy and her dad went to the ice cream shop.
Dan was accepted to a US military academy.
Kevin is applying for jobs in aerospace engineering.
Louie was going to run away from home.
My heat pump broke the other day.
Abbie wore a karate gi at the audition for the gymnastics team.
Joe had the day off from work on Saturday.
Alex did not like birthday cake.
Sue wanted to go on vacation after studying hard in college.
I was biking home one day when I found a turntable.
They burned a brilliant shade of grey.
.Sarah suffered from anxiety.
Mary and Tommy walked down the dirt road.
It was finals week at school.
Ted headed to the orchard.
Eva wanted a ring for Christmas.
There was a big tree in our back yard.
The Smith family always has a cookie competition.
Fred wanted to start a joke shop.
Rob was playing Mortal Kombat against his parents wishes.
Jim liked to wear several pairs of watches on his arms.
Annie loved to visit her uncle's farm.
My eighth grade math teacher gave my class an unusual assignment.
Trevor wanted to play blues guitar but he had no sorrow.
Ron and Tim were brothers.
David tried to take care of his aging parents.
Lary went to the casino one night.
Alice was happy because she won tickets.
Monica knew what it meant as soon as she hard it.
Maya was in her room when she noticed a few ants.
Ella wanted a kitten, and she had finally convinced her parents.
Jessica was passionate about singing.
Joe and Christiane, my two best friends, are dating long distance.
Alona was unhappy with her current job in the office.
Ramona's boss called her into his office.
Fran wanted to learn how to sew.
Charles is addicted to smoking cigars.
Deb always had chicken wings whenever she could.
I've been having trouble with squirrels.
Maria confessed to her friends that she is homosexual.
Ralph looked at his family with tears in his eyes.
John and Sarah sat next to each other during a math test.
Richard wanted to rent a cabin.
My wife's sister came to visit last week.
Gabby decided that she needed a new laptop.
A woman was walking outside of a mall.
Jeremy had a lot of remotes for his home theater system.
Steve watched the sun come up on the horizon.
Sally forgot to pay her electricity bill.
Briana went surfing in Hawaii.
Nancy decided to walk out of the shoe store.
Anna's cupboards were bare.
I needed $20 and decided to ask my mom.
Chris and Jesse were happily married.
Kyle's family saved money for a year.
My family wanted to watch the eclipse.
Every year the Jackson family goes to Niagara falls in the winter.
Ron is a famous singer from a boy's band.
Luanna went on a trip to Natal to see her friend.
I too was caught up in the internet selling craze.
Lola was trying to make corned beef.
I used to buy saving bonds all the time.
Todd wanted a boat.
Nay wanted a pet but she was allergic to cats.
Richard was the oldest sibling in his family.
Tim couldn't sleep in the dark.
To honor our cousin that passed away, everyone got together.
Kelsi had a date with Ethan.
Jack was waiting for a new package.
Gina's dad was in the garage with his friends.
When I was painting my nails yesterday I had an accident.
My friend reminded me about the assignment that's due tomorrow.
Gina's friends all had Lisa Frank Trapper Keepers.
Amy needed to make an evening gown for her pattern making class.
I went to sleep with gum in my mouth.
Linda wanted to make dinner for her family.
Cedric would always entertain the ladies at the movie theater.
Tuesday was a very odd little girl.
Jill knew she left her math homework on the table.
Sara was at her bus stop.
My Father brought home 6 fishes.
Kim wanted to purchase new living room furniture.
Amy saw another student cheating on a test.
It was Sunday so the man had to walk to work.
Andrea wanted to go on the school trip.
Jen was on a road trip with her friends.
Tim wanted to play the drums.
Amy's friend Ella was the twin of her crush Ray.
Leslie wanted to make a wonderful meal for her anniversary.
Mr Qu was a famous statesman from China.
Sam had been going to the local pool for swim lessons each week.
The sidewalk from Tom's house was slippery.
Kelly went shopping in Beverly Hills the other day with her friend.
Charles was under a lot of stress.
Tim got into an argument in class.
My doctor told me I needed to start to eat healthy.
A phone ran in an empty office.
Kathy had just had a new baby.
Amy was browsing videos on Youtube.
Jon suddenly remembered he'd left a shovel outside.
This was for her kids!
Eunice notices that her eyes hurt after driving for a long time.
Bob was diagnosed with cancer.
Sammie loved to play soccer in the street with his friends.
I woke up.
I decided to make potato soup.
Philip loved pretzels.
John wanted to improve his health.
Kim's favorite probiotic was taken off the market.
Steve had to dig a trench in his backyard for a pipe.
Kevin was not feeling well after dinner.
Cam had a dollar for lunch.
Jamie was riding his bike.
Ray was running for student council.
Val had been bullying a girl at school.
June was really tired of having short curly hair.
There were three monkeys who lived in a zoo.
The Smiths went to the shelter to pick out their new dog.
Trudy had grown a beautiful flower garden.
Sue had lost her wedding ring.
The graduation ceremony began when everyone took their seats.
There was a purple rain coat on the couch.
Oswald sold oranges on the side of the road.
This morning I woke up late.
Jen was terrified of the dark as a child.
Ollie was obsessed with tigers.
John asked his kids to give him one hour.
Chris loved garbage day.
Jim felt incredibly tired during work.
Jimmy and Jey hate jogging.
Ray bought expensive new headphones.
I have a collection of photos of transit cars.
For Enid's birthday her parents took her to the petting zoo.
I went for a pleasure walk in my backyard the other day.
Kim went to Rojo Restaurant with friends from work.
Amy grabbed cake to eat for breakfast.
Lauren has always dreamed of being a mother.
The principal announced that there was a shortage of food today.
Kim Kardashian was excited for her red carpet appearance.
Martina went to get coffee for breakfast.
Jasmine was walking to the store.
Amy had just purchased her preteen son new shoes in May.
George just graduated college.
Karen was very hungry.
Kasey has an oral exam in Spanish.
Henry ordered a chicken sandwich from the fast food restaurant.
A man saw his idol at a musical concert.
Sally was woken up by the sound of the fire alarm.
Matthew could not find his phone when he arrived home from school.
Lou was afraid to jump in the pool.
Jacob's puppy was sick.
Bob was clinically depressed.
A group of friends went on a hike.
Margaret was shopping at a bargain store.
I took a test in history.
Nala was trying to lose weight.
Hailie's favorite fall activity was to go apple picking.
Luke had lost his house key.
The band needs to get on a plane.
The major street near Gina's house had been closed for months.
Maria went shopping for a birthday gift for her best friend.
Donna keeps a giant bowl of candy on her desk for her co workers.
My teeth have been hurting all of a sudden out of nowhere.
Donald wanted to run for president.
Martha and her family climbed into a car to begin a long trip.
Maya was with her older brother and their friends.
After Bob had installed his motherboard, the next step was the GPU.
A baby bird was sitting in the nest.
Neil got a summer job at an ice cream parlor.
My Mom told me not to cut through neighbors' yards when coming home.
My husband and I went on a sabbatical and left our things in our home.
The power was out in the house due to the hurricane.
Kate wanted to develop a micro chip.
Jimmy had a really strict father.
Carly and her mom were driving across the country.
Arlene couldn't find her pearl necklace.
Amy worked at a grocery store.
Lisa was opening her first restaurant.
My girlfriend and I like watching movies.
He woke up late and rushed to the bus stop.
My friend asked if I can go out with her.
My friends are totally into the retro scene.
It was Wednesday and Wade was out with his friends.
Last Saturday my son went to the Fogg Art Museum.
Shane had an intense fear of rollercoasters.
The teacher was dissatisfied with the student's test grades.
Bob went to the doctors for a physical.
The professor assigned a research paper for my midterm.
My son asked me to play the new video game I bought him.
While I was driving, I couldn't focus clearly because of my headache.
Manuel was a young boy in third grade.
Jan wanted to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
To the horse lay on his side in the midday sun.
Jill was excited about her first babysitting job.
Lou was checking out a new number blocking feature on his phone.
Jim was the star of his basketball team.
They knew they had to get new flooring before selling their house.
Renee headed out on a home visit for one of her poorest cases.
Jensen lost his wallet.
Ed got a call from a strange man.
Gabrielle was an artist.
I got a call from a stranger today.
Rainey's car wouldn't start one morning.
I went to babysit my nephew in San Francisco.
My wife gotta work today at 8 am.
Emily was only 16 Year's old.
Winston always wanted to be  a cop.
A boy built a house of cards.
Last night I had to be home in time for the new episode I had to watch.
Joe and his friends were playing one day.
Martha wanted to try to make bread from scratch.
Matt and Kelly attended the same geometry class.
My son's hair is getting too long and stringy.
Christmas was quickly approaching and James hadn't bought any gifts.
Randall loved taking out the garbage.
Kim had always been very tall and thin.
James pretended one day that he was an astronaut on Mars.
Jill loved to practice yoga.
I went camping with my Dad the other day.
Priscilla has been looking for ways to express herself artistically.
Donny thought he was an expert camper.
Joyce and her husband have three children.
Celia was working on her genealogy, doing some online research.
Melissa attended a piano recital with her parents.
Tim could barely see.
Maya decided to go to the beach.
There were rumors about an alligator in the lake.
There was a very powerful women.
Jim's dog was walking with a limp.
I went to a Florida beach for the first time in my life.
Bert saved up to have a fancy dinner with his partner.
Julia was on the cheerleading squad.
Amy had 2 offers to work at stores near her home.
Gina's brother had a friend with hazel eyes.
Gina has missed Jamie on the playground.
Mandy always wanted to bake from scratch.
Lisa's mom promised her a new bike if she got all A's.
Janet broke up with Harry since he forgot her birthday.
Becky has a headache that won't go away.
Jacky was excited about her first year of college.
Timmy wanted to be a professional gamer.
Amy and her dad were driving out of state.
Tuttle was very good with money.
Tonna had felt really bad lately.
She wanted to showcase her cooking skills.
Tim was an artist.
Susie looked out her window.
Lee saw a news story about kids not having Christmas gifts.
Kim's mother bought her a poker set for Christmas.
Pat had trouble seeing, but she was afraid to wear glasses.
Gary's dad believed in the end of the world.
Chris appreciated fine works of art.
Stanley finds it difficult to stay awake at work.
Andrew needed a new jacket when he moved to Chicago.
John and Mary wanted to have a balloon party.
When I was in middle school I always walked to the bus stop.
Erin loved doing makeup so much she wanted to make it her career.
Jenny was tossing pieces of bread to the fish in the lake.
Suzie tried to squeeze into her Halloween costume.
We heard a thumping coming from the dryer during dinner.
Whitney moved for a new job.
Marty was paying a lot of money for car insurance.
I heard that my library had a certain new book that I wanted to read.
I have and electrical outlet that does not work.
A man wanted to compete on a TV game show.
Lisa never made more than one hundred likes on Facebook.
Jen was 20 when her sister died from cancer.
Kia couldn't find her car key anywhere!
I found out I was three months pregnant at the doctor.
My husband was doing the laundry.
Beth was in tack with her friend Amy.
A lot of people in the media had asked Amy that question.
Ben walked his dog Pepper without a leash.
Larry was at a restaurant.
I walked outside to check the mail.
Joey grew up playing baseball.
Carrie was at home watching a movie when she spotted a spider.
My family and I were planning on going to Hawaii for a trip.
Kay was shopping and forgot to use her coupons.
Tim wanted to buy a cabin in the woods.
Sarah got a brand new bag.
Shay was studying Chinese culture in school.
Yesterday I spilled tomato sauce on my favorite shirt.
Ashton was taking a yoga class with her sister.
Roy's boss stocked the break room with many types of tea.
Gina had been late getting to the principal's office.
Jen is the leader of the volleyball team.
Jeff saw the bottom of the hill from the top.
We went to dinner at the IHOP.
Cora always wanted to take a cruise.
A man went to the bank to make a deposit.
Nika was dieting.
Amy and her friend went riding when Amy got a new bike.
Todd was the tallest person in his high school.
Emma wanted a robe for Christmas.
Bob loved to draw pictures of people he knew.
Matt has a bad relationship with his mother.
Lucy was having a New Years party.
Jill was swimming in the ocean.
Jeff had forgotten that it was garbage pickup day.
The morning of an important test, Cara and her mom had a car accident.
Kelly absolutely loved her new pink dress.
Bob always wanted to ride horses.
Chad created an app to translate the bible to the Klingon language.
Amy decided to take the stairs to her office at work.
Ray always hated his long commute to work by foot.
Nick enrolled in a new high school.
Josh wanted to surprise his sister.
Harry wanted to eat pizza.
Doug and Janice were eager to run together.
Laura has had pain while chewing food for months.
The family planned a fun beach vacation for their summer.
Tim decided to go on a diet.
Isabel loved decorating her room with posters.
Two young girls had a dream after high school to take a road trip.
My cousin wants to be a computer programmer.
John was a senior in high school.
Ivy made herself a corned beef sandwich.
Rod had a stomachache.
The sink had a slow drip.
Becky was working on the couch with her laptop.
I did not have any friends for a while after I started college.
Jared lived in an apartment complex.
Jimmy was brushing his teeth.
Shane was with his friends on the fourth of July.
I was never popular in high school.
Molly was invited on a trip with the church.
I arrived at work an hour late.
Joe had two hamsters that eventually had babies.
Jenny waited all year to watch an animated Christmas show on TV.
Linda was terrible at singing.
My family took a basket of food to the beach.
Gerald was bored at home while surfing the web.
All of the hours of hard work came down to this.
The Jones family goes to Disney World every few Year's.
I was watching sports one day.
Gina watched her younger siblings after school.
Kim was excited about her new shows.
Joe was mowing the grass.
One summer, I decided to take my children swimming in the creek.
My teammate and I were in the woods surveying some trees.
Mary wanted a pet but she lived in a tiny apartment.
Quentin had always wanted to try a cup of espresso.
I was recently laid off from my job.
Everybody is whistling a tune except Bob.
A man was working long hours in his job.
Tonight I asked the kids what they wanted for dinner.
Gina and her mom's kids didn't share a dad.
Yesterday Kelly went on numerous college visits.
I had an essay due for one of my classes.
Carlos wanted to eat sushi for dinner.
Casey was about to turn sixteen.
The kids played their new Rock Band Star game.
Stan went camping with his scout troop.
Jeff tried out for the basketball team at school.
Two days ago, I went to Best Buy for Black Friday.
Sally was having cable installed that morning.
Gina's mom promised they would go home in 3 days.
Steve has a job as a car mechanic.
Gina had been in line 15 minutes at the store.
Morgan is summoned to the city hall.
George and Layla loved each other, but were with different people.
Jon liked playing Super Smash Bros.
Sam sat at his desk on a Friday afternoon looking at the clock.
Quentin decides he would like to host a party for his friends.
Sarah got a car for her birthday.
Sean broke his mother's favorite vase.
Darren has a lot of facebook friends.
Hank was a stubborn man.
My Mother always told me I never had a Father.
Neil took a bus tour to Stonehenge.
Stephen called his insurance agent to make a claim.
Our cat is mischievous.
I was at a friend's house playing video games.
Jack was starting kindergarten.
I played an April Fools joke on my friend in 1997.
The Smiths went to the grocery store.
Lynn met a boy she liked one day at the store.
Fred needed to get to work but his car was broken.
The bowling alley was in a state of chaos.
Tod saved up money to start a small business.
Mommy told us that it is bedtime and we knew it was story time.
The people waiting on the platform heard a loud bang.
Kevin fell asleep one night but woke to a nightmare.
Junior went to a baseball game with his dad.
Michele said she did not try to have her husband killed.
Madelynn wanted to go to her friends house for a sleepover.
Kate's school had a contest.
Betty was a college freshman.
Luana was watching TV.
A man asked John if he could borrow some money.
Yesterday I decided to paint my nails red.
Marion needed to get school supplies for her son.
Gina was unemployed.
Jake loved to drive fast.
It was late at night and Jim was getting tired.
Bart had a hard math test coming up.
Tammy needed a mother's day gift for her mom.
Pam was with her friends at lunch.
Linda's birthday was coming up.
The Johnsons always go to the beach each summer.
Sam was nervous for his math test.
Ricky got accepted into college.
I took my son to Europe.
It was very cold in Dan's house.
Sean was born with Down Syndrome.
Kelly just got engaged yesterday.
John made dinner for his girlfriend.
Zoey had just joined the school orchestra.
Morgan took the trash out one day.
An old man walked into our classroom.
Sally found out that she was pregnant.
Stacy was a little girl.
Bill is trying to get to sleep.
Mike went outside to cut his grass on a weekend afternoon.
Simon wanted to see Zootopia.
Amy had a college due in her art class.
Jan borrowed her sister's sweater without permission.
I woke up craving cookies.
When Frank arrived at the hotel, she went to the front desk to check in.
Toni loved to fix bicycles.
The baby loved to be fed milk from a bottle.
Amy took half a day off at work.
Justin loved to garden.
Tim was flying his kite at the park.
Bobby was rushing down the hall at school.
Sam was going to ride a bike for the first time.
Andrew has always wanted to learn how to play the drums.
Kelly was going on a date with Ken.
Chris realizes that he rarely watches cable TV anymore.
Archie is allergic to dogs.
I asked my friend if we can meet up today.
Ken was trying to do homework.
Steph warned her daughter not to touch the glassware at the foot.
Tim was eating hard candy.
A dog owner gave his dog a bone.
In the 1980s Ben and Jerry start an ice cream company in a garage.
Devin was a star quarterback in high-school.
Sam's family was poor but they loved each other very much.
Kay was on the phone with her friend Beth.
Julia and her new husband had taken dance lessons for their wedding.
Chaz enjoys going shopping for luxury items.
Jessie found out that her friend was talking about her.
Bob's neighbor was an old lady who had no family nearby.
Emily had been feeling bad for a few days.
Lou was Italian but couldn't make any Italian meals.
My daughter's childhood friend Lori just got an apartment.
We went to the zoo in Naples.
Jane wanted a pet.
Maddie decided to push me on the ground.
Ellen and her mom want to go out for frozen yogurt.
Gina and her sister were viewing her grandpa's body.
Claire wanted to cook for her husband.
Amy rode her bike to school in a good mood.
John always had a poor sense of direction.
Kelly needed a new sink for her house.
Tina went on the show wheel of fortune last week.
On a cold day, the sky filled with thick, gray clouds.
Patty walked to school.
Ivan was hanging a photo on his wall.
Shane had just finished up at the doctor's.
I've always wanted to run a marathon.
Lilly always wanted a dog.
I loved cleaning the house with a broom.
My son was trying to get me interested in rap music.
Tony loved iced tea.
A newly married couple were getting started together.
When Bob was a child, he loved fishing with his father.
James's computer stopped working one day.
Jason sat in the backseat of the car watching his videos.
Frank and Susie went to Pizza Hut and ordered a pizza.
A man waited in line to buy a lottery ticket.
Beth was walking around the mall.
Jax is a small black and white terrier.
Samantha needed to buy a textbook for her math class.
I went to the store one day to buy a laptop.
Tom has wanted a computer for many Year's.
Max woke up and noticed he was late for work.
Daisy wanted to go deep sea fishing.
One day, Manny's mother said they would be staying at a hotel.
My family and I had a super bowl party at the house.
Rita called her grandparents.
Kelly decided she wanted to try something different.
Ted walked down the street feeling a little glum.
Prom was fast approaching, and Jan did not have a date.
Gina was driving during a snowstorm.
I need to wear extra wide shoes to fit my afo.
Alex registered to take the SAT at his school.
Charlie and Jen went to the carnival on a date.
Kim likes to go deer hunting.
Larry was afraid of heights.
Johnny had a wasp problem.
As Valentine's day approaches, Blake is worried he won't have a date.
Sam always wanted to go to Disneyland.
Scott lives life young and reckless.
Maggie went to the store with her dad.
I took a semester abroad in Rome during college.
Tamra was not happy with her body.
Hunter, a one year old dog loves to catch things in his mouth.
Bobby was ready to remove his training wheels.
Suzanne booked a summer holiday to Berlin.
Linda was looking forward to decorating her home.
A golfer invented a golf ball that changed color after it was hit.
Sierra was shopping for food.
Ann had a healthy baby.
Bill's friend gave him the answers to a multiple choice test.
I was driving home last night.
Allan has ideas.
Walt was nervous about his big date.
John needed a new bike.
Paul had a long day of work so he went to the bar.
A scientist was measuring  chemicals on a scale.
Jay really loved his girlfriend Nora.
Jamie and Sarah loved to roller skate.
Blake realizes that he has been inactive for months.
I had stayed at my friend's house longer than I was supposed to.
A frontiersman went West to explore and document the wilderness.
John was a hard worker at his job.
It was the final lap of the race and Tanya was determined to win.
My boyfriend in high school was crazy.
I wanted to see a new movie that was coming out.
Steven was a baker who loved to bake pies.
I decided to baked a pumpkin pie.
Kathie was getting upset because her cat got stuck in a tree.
Kaitlyn thought jeans with holes were very stylish.
Ted worked in a warehouse.
Rebecca has always feared going to the dentist's office.
Kent had made his own kites since he was a small child.
Larry was the last contestant on the game show.
Kevin had made a resolution to quit eating candy.
Lucy was having trouble memorizing her new piano song.
Andy threw rocks at the abandoned building across from his house.
Ben fought for the British in the War of 1812.
Jon was terrified of flying.
Harold's parents never let him have even one french fry.
My peer at work got a promotion that I wanted.
I was headed out of town for Thanksgiving.
I decided to major in philosophy.
Johnny spent most basketball games on the bench.
There was this amazing Chinese place by my house.
Jay was playing at Sam's house.
Gina had been at her dad's mom's house.
I love to binge watch a television show.
Mina was lactose intolerant.
Jane worked at a restaurant.
Carol was baking cookies for her class.
Chuck and his pal Dave were going white water rafting.
I wanted to make some wine.
My high school Economics teacher, Joel, was mean and obnoxious.
Sammy always like airplanes.
Drew went duck hunting in his new boat.
Getting ready to move, I sifted through some papers in dad's desk.
Steve is a piano player with a wife at home.
Kurt wanted to be a famous author.
Sam and Jane went on a picnic.
Mindy took candy hearts to give to her classmates for Valentine's Day.
I started writing my response for the free-response question.
Bill's daughter was getting married.
I wanted to plant a tomato plant.
Connor was camping in the woods with his friend.
Eddie's brother dared him to put pop rock and soda in his mouth.
Gretchen had fallen in love with her boyfriend.
Tom wanted to play the piano.
I was nervous to start my new job.
Karen's grandmother gave her two gifts for Christmas.
Ricky was playing tennis with Bob.
Eve, a 12 year old, spilled orange juice on the carpet.
May's granddaughter Lucy was giving her major attitude.
His nose was running and he felt so sick.
My cousin is a feminist.
John loved chocolate milk.
Gina decided she needed to apologize to the new boy in class.
Mason had finally decided to be a soldier for Halloween.
Ember was just a little girl.
Whit had been sick.
Once, there was a very ugly caterpillar.
Noah is an 8th grader that is graduating soon and will have a party.
Scrooge had a massive change of heart.
Rick was baking a cake.
Ted had a toothache and went to see the dentist.
Hector prepares to go to work.
Bob woke up late one morning.
Bobby played in the outfield of his baseball team.
One year, my family and I drove from Missouri to Canada.
Kiara was babysitting.
Madison just started at a new high school this year.
Mack was leaving for college.
June was a new mother.
Pam has been planning on taking a trip on her bicycle.
Joe went to his place, meaning the place he spent most his time a bar.
Mario was always an angry man.
Jesse was nearly asleep when she heard the rustling.
Little Jimmy wanted some candy.
Matt loved summer camp.
Lisa suspected her brother was reading her diary.
Samantha was really motivated to do well on her economics test.
Laura's boyfriend proposed to her in January.
Two pro wrestlers squared off in a wrestling ring.
Jon had an argument with his dad.
Jim was swimming in the ocean.
Two of my cousins were bringing the wedding cake.
I decided to give my mom $800 dollars in order to shop for Christmas.
Michelle lived in Florida and loved to go to the beach.
Amy thought Adam was so cute!
Jim was watching a movie with his girlfriend at the theater.
Neil was sightseeing in Germany.
We were in vacation in Europe.
It was Larry's first time living in an apartment.
Charles didn't want to put his mother into a nursing home.
Gina wanted the new boy to see her angry face.
Bob wanted to go on the new ride at the amusement park.
One saturday, John was playing outside when his dad pulled up.
Dan's guitar distorted when he plugged it in.
I started taking vocal lessons.
Ed got his oil changed.
Maria was shopping at the mall with her mom.
I was once stopped at immigration and almost not let in.
We went to a wedding in Sacramento in 2010.
Tim and Eric were long time friends.
Mark had a very small boat that he built.
Mike was constantly made fun of for his handwriting.
Ella wanted a pool in her yard.
Carl's alarm clock went off at 6 AM.
John wanted to sell his home.
Last week I decided to get a new haircut.
Lance was angry at losing the game.
I was on my way to the beach.
John loves playing cards.
Bay and his dad were going on a trip together.
Gina was driving back home.
Nick and his friends were bored one summer day.
Tony was driving down the road with his sister in the car.
One night, Jane heard a knock on her door.
Kay was excited about taking an art history class.
John decided to try out for the baseball team.
Anita's college was looking for judges for a writing competition.
Ed had no car.
At Sam's restaurant he offered 30 kinds of sauces for pasta.
Jen's friends took her out to eat.
Bill was a musician.
Trish had spent all day decorating the cake.
My friend asked me to try out for the cheerleading team with her.
Nola was invited to a house party.
I went shopping on Black Friday morning with my mom.
Jackson always dreamed of being a famous musician.
Randall did not like blueberries.
Jeff hated going to his dentist.
Rick saw a sign for a talent show at his school.
Kate wanted to throw her mom a surprise party.
Jim allowed Hannah to stay in his house since she lost her house.
Sue was a freshman in college.
Tina had a lot of homework.
Pete was excited about the marching band contest on Saturday.
Jen loved to study for a big test sitting on her bed with her book.
Sally and I were driving to the local fair.
Joe walked outside into his backyard.
Opal was in a bad mood.
Neil had been traveling through Ireland.
For Kylie's birthday, she wanted to make homemade pizza.
Devon searched the internet one day.
Tim was very tiny for his age and got bullied.
The plane trip was so scary.
Lily's mom made her a coat to wear to school.
Marcus made himself a bowl of cereal for breakfast.
I had to perform a lab with my friends today.
A man was finishing his first day as a police officer.
Bob wanted to play football.
Last night I had the most fabulous italian food ever.
Larry decided he needed to do laundry.
The couple was getting ready to celebrate their fiftieth anniversary.
Amy had fake nails that needed to be redone.
Peter wanted to adopt a puppy.
I needed a new case for my iPad.
Bob sat down in Hank the lawyer's office.
Emma really wanted an after school job to earn money.
Madeline was big fan of plants and flowers.
Ava took up knitting.
Kelly had a lot of cocoa left over in the house.
Lulu wanted to take her friends on vacation with her to Amsterdam.
Liam needed a new computer.
Jim love the new puppy his mother bought him.
My friends and I decided to play Monopoly.
Eve had just moved to a new town and didn't know anyone.
Margo was at her grandma's house.
Jane was self-conscious about her new braces.
Alexia took out her favorite China.
Jason has messy attic that needs to be cleaned.
Mike and his wife were afraid their cat would scare their baby.
I was given a small task to do at work.
Greg was not a very athletic boy.
Lexi decided to join Habitat for Humanity.
Sam loved to skateboard.
Alex was in middle school.
Mary had to go to the hospital during the first day of her internship.
Rita was sixteen and wanted her first summer job.
New neighbors moved in last week.
Some dog kept me awake till I could not take it anymore.
Lyra was addicted to drugs.
Ari loved nature and camping and hiking.
One day Maria bought a TV.
Mariah needed help paying bills this month.
There once was a boy named Nemo who had a pet clown fish.
Tony was babysitting his younger cousins.
Our 2 year old granddaughter is visiting us on April 2.
Andrew and Julia were older than Mollie by a few years.
Mary was hungry.
Andrea was on a walk with her friend.
Tina went grocery shopping with her mom.
Luke was in a bad mood.
During the hot summer, Fred's friends always frequented the pool.
Julie had invited her grandmother over for a visit.
Emily often argued with her parents.
Gregory worked very hard in his garden.
Dan had always wanted to ride a motorcycle.
Anthony always wanted a career in photography.
Jake got the ingredients out of the Pantry.
James was going to his grandmother's house.
Bill was playing in an amateur hockey match.
Cal and her daughter loved baking.
When I was a child I visited Santa at the mall.
Phil was the best tennis player on his team.
Becca loved to go to the mall with her mom.
Kim had never flown a kite before.
Ryan watched as the rider was released from the chute on a bull.
Cammy was eating cereal.
Gordon had a lamp on his desk.
Jim wanted a new computer mouse.
John always wanted to go to Ireland.
Tom and Kim were playing hide and seek.
Amy was in the 3rd day of her online training for work.
Sarah got a new pair of shoes.
Anna wanted a new dress for her Christmas party.
My brother challenged me to a basketball match.
She couldn't get to sleep last night.
Jill wanted the girls to get together in st Bart's for vacation.
Sophia was looking to her birthday in two days.
We used to buy fried chicken from Freddie Parker's.
Tracy E Warren keeps his house cleaner than any woman.
My grandpa picked me up from my house.
Zoey was celebrating Easter.
Ana wanted to quit heroin.
Martha was an aspiring artist.
Pat made himself a jetpack out of some spare parts.
Teresa and her sister Lina had a pillow fight.
I was job hunting online today.
Pete and his friends were happy to go to six flags for the first time.
Cassie was making a cake.
Kelly wanted to move to Austin.
I was happy when the Bruins won the Stanley Cup in 1972.
Stan loved to watch baseball with his son.
Molly had a big day at work coming up.
Kenny loves chocolate chip cookies.
Joe broke Cindy's smartphone.
Joan was happy to mow the lawn with her new tractor.
The radio DJ asked his audience to make request for songs.
Richard was a phenomenal bowman.
Tom flew a plane he owned over the ocean.
Kelly decided to get some chocolate ice cream.
Alicia was playing in the treehouse.
Lana was diagnosed with Brain Cancer.
Carly dreamed of going en pointe one day.
Lisa had to make a speech in front of her whole school.
Alex became a salesman at a young age.
It was a clear night, perfect for fireworks.
Liza was the jack champion of Miss Smith's third grade class.
Gina was feuding with Rita and Mary.
Jon loved whole milk.
Sam wanted a pet cat.
After I dumped my ex girl friend she began to get crazy.
It was always a hassle trying to find a seat on the bus.
Peter was playing tennis with his dad.
Bess just bought a new purse.
The day of Fiona's wedding had finally come.
Molly wanted a house so bad.
Jim keeps applying to jobs.
Jamie and her family went to the lake to go tubing.
Marina didn't have much food left.
Leo was throwing a huge party, the invitations were in the mail.
Jason was at the beach with his friends.
It was Tommy's birthday today.
Joan was always cold and her husband was always hot.
Sarah had a pain in her shoulder.
Ana was struggling to feed herself.
Uli was looking forward to her basketball game this afternoon.
Ava bought buckets of fresh strawberries.
Annie went to the circus with her best friend.
I was swimming in Pensacola beach.
Cindy was in a store picking up a pizza.
Joanna's parents were out of town.
I retired from job in 2012.
Paul wanted to go to college but didn't know his major.
My first good camera was a twin lens reflex.
It was Maggie's birthday today.
I had some friends over for dinner.
Al grew vegetables in his backyard as a hobby.
Darrel was waiting in the drive through for half an hour.
Lucy had a pet watermelon in the garden.
Mike was a cab driver in Atlanta.
I was driving in the car with my friend.
Carl forgot his English book.
Bradley bought a widescreen HD television.
Ryan and his friends were stranded in a small town.
One of Leslie's favorite snacks was fruit salad.
Ty wanted to be a newspaper journalist.
Ted needed a new house.
Jessica wanted her own room.
Gina was in the bathroom all alone.
Ann was ecstatic to find she won special concert tickets.
The discount airline cost a third of what the others charged.
Reba wanted to look different one day.
Helen raced to catch the train to work.
Trish and Bob went on a date.
Uriah went to his first lecture on Monday morning.
Jim loved running.e.
Mary woke up and stretched.
Last week I had to help a friend move furniture.
Marge spent a week rolling coins she had saved for Years.
Sally wore her favorite jeans to school.
Carole went into work on Monday, thinking it was just another day.
It was my birthday one day.
Dominic loved Adele's music.
In a week was Clara's final exam.
Alex was making a diorama for school.
Michael couldn't afford braces as a child.
I went to kindergarten today.
Mississippi got hit by Hurricane Katrina ten Years ago.
Emma was adopted as a baby.
Zack decided to have milk for breakfast.
Christopher moved to a new part of town because of a new job.
Abe had trouble parsing a sentence.
Amy loves to watch movies on Netflix with her boyfriend.
Miranda was feeling lonely.
Jason is worried about his internet speed.
Bill had a headache.
Andy started a web development business.
Bob had a job.
My cousin wrenched her shoulder in 1996.
Yolanda was scared to go to the salon and get her haircut.
My sister in law offered to help me sell books after my stroke.
Michael was a high school football star.
Ray wanted to order Chinese food.
I wanted to buy a new game for my iPad.
Tia wanted whiter teeth.
Damian's new dog kept messing on the carpet.
Amy wanted her mom to take her to the big mall.
A couple had grown apart over the years.
Selene was a happy girl with two parents.
Joey is the new kid in town.
Anni is always looking for a new adventure.
Carol was running late, she needed to catch the bus to work.
Sam was invited to a party.
Connie started to get headaches in school.
Ella wanted to give each of her teachers a holiday gift.
Amy loved summer but hated summer events.
Charlie loved going to comedy clubs.
Mike was a famous reclusive writer.
We went to brunch this Easter.
Gary wanted to buy some music equipment.
Samantha had to give a presentation for class.
Tommy loved baseball.
Jane always wanted a pony.
Bob wanted to find a new hobby.
Samuel was always the smartest kid in his class.
Bill loved burgers and worked in a burger shop.
Today was Ian's birthday but his mom didn't have any party games.
Amy and Ben had been together for one month.
Last year my family went on an African safari.
After several days of procrastination, Kim began to study.
One day Jerome goes to the movie theater to see a film.
Beth pulled into the driveway at her house.
My 98 year old friend Joe was in the lobby today.
New people moved into the house across the street from Charles.
Bob had to get to an important meeting for work.
It was the day before winter break.
Mark had lived in Maine for his whole life.
Jake noticed some cookies in the kitchen.
Evan went fishing with his granddad.
Mike was in the car on the highway.
Mike needed to stay up late to finish work.
Jason has been growing his hair out of Year's.
Mark just moved into a new neighborhood with his parents.
Jake decided to put in a load of laundry after work.
Ben and Carl were at a park.
Amy woke up on the couch.
Alex and Sierra were driving through town.
Mora was cutting down on caffeine.
Gina had a stray dog tied up in her yard.
A man bought a bowling ball and took it home.
Denise had just come home from a long trip to the beach.
Cole is a senior in high school.
Alicia was having a runny nose.
Greg wanted to throw the biggest party.
A happy little baby is learning to walk.
My sister Belinda has a very curious toddler.
I was walking home one day when a man accosted me.
Lisa posted on her Facebook page pictures of herself wildly partying.
Mary and her mother had a tradition.
Bob bought a new BMW and was out on the interstate for a drive.
Ben had just moved into a new home.
Susan and Jenny were taking their first trip together.
Claudette was not looking forward to New Year's Eve.
Karen went to the coffee shop.
He saw the sign and knew that it would be a good opportunity.
Nick needed some ketchup for his burger and fries.
Charles loves Fast and Furious movies, now he drives too fast.
On my way to the store, I saw a woman on the ground.
Audrey wanted to push her baby sister's stroller.
It was no secret that the managers at Jim's company favored golfers.
Max and his three friends were always messing around.
Jenny was holding the bat.
Vladimir decides he need to eat more vegetables.
Amy found some vegetarian recipes online.
Candy needed to lose a few pounds.
Beltar was from France.
Glen headed to the store with a grocery list for Thanksgiving dinner.
I placed a bag of popcorn into the microwave.
Kelly decided to have a Halloween party.
Jake was at the bar.
Mitch went to a basketball game.
Tim decided that he needed to lose weight.
Today was the Balmain show.
My father called asking me to join him for breakfast.
I was driving my wife's car home because of snow.
Daniel has tried his best to stop drinking soda.
Lexi and Steph were eating canned seafood.
I was doing a long run yesterday with my iPhone.
Marge planned to wait in the car as her husband worked a late shift.
Scott was jailed across the state line for lifting a TV from Walmart.
I had used a loan shark to buy a car.
Jim was working on a project.
My pencil broke.
Kelly was asked out by Dave.
Chad hated going to the gas station.
Logan loved collecting baseball cards.
James was a stubborn child.
Maryann loved being with her family, and her friends.
Jeff saw a cat laying on the curb by his house.
Jane loved swimming.
Andy was dating Caroline and things were going well.
My sister found out that I like a nerdy tabletop game.
There was a shootout in a saloon.
Zoey was going to a party and wanted to dress nicely.
Billy had a sweet tooth.
George was feeling a bit sick.
Kay was going on a shopping trip.
Jane lost her dog.
Ethan wants to save the world.
Tom loved vanilla ice cream.
Michael could feel a cavity in his tooth.
Steve dove into a fox hole and waited for the impending explosion.
Little Billy wanted a play house.
Oli sat down to watch a trivia game show with his family.
Mark wanted to give his living room a new look.
Jordan was eating out with a few of her friends.
I once had a boyfriend who's feet stunk so bad they made gag.
While working at an Easter egg hunt Sue saw some people she knew.
Dan was excited to see the show tonight.
Fred decided to take his date to ping pong.
Lucy was checking out at Blockbuster.
Sam was running through the house when he knocked something over.
Sue was great at doing hair.
Every year there is a bowling tournament.
Cam called his friend Joe to find out where Joe was.
A man flipped a coin one hundred times.
Gina was walking around the pool.
I had always wanted a dog, but was waiting until I had a teaching job.
Esther was helping her grandchildren color eggs for Easter.
Last Monday I handed in my resignation papers.
I took my family on a trip to New York City.
Phyllis loved to garden.
A man stood in line at a pizza place.
I adopted a homeless family for Christmas.
Lily's little brother loved to watch a video over and over.
Dana was heavily pregnant.
Harris has never celebrated St Patrick's day.
Gina needed to do research about dolphins.
Billy noticed he had trouble reading the chalkboard in class.
Zola and her family were going to their cabin.
Kim wanted to throw a party.
Pablo is building his new home.
Alex swayed back and forth on top of the bridge.
I hated pickles.
When I was 23 I made an afghan for my father.
Ethan's mom promised him ice cream if he behaved.
Jorge wanted to buy a new video game.
My family bought a boat and it kept running out of gas.
Nellie went to visit family in Iran.
We fried a lot of bacon to make BLT sandwiches.
Rachel went to her bed friend's house for Thanksgiving.
Gina's mom didn't want the NyQuil Gina bought.
Marnie decided to help her young son Frank learn to ride a bike.
Mercedes wanted to sing a song at work.
Bob was a master tennis player.
Jake was at the beach with friends.
Frank was a big drinker.
Ann's women's group wanted to do something chivalrous.
It was a sunny and warm afternoon.
Greg could not sleep.
Wren fell hard for Garth, a student in her creative writing workshop.
Gina carried her shopping basket on her arm.
Last year this time, we went to NYC to visit our granddaughter.
Cam opened a can of green paint and took out his brush.
Jason's laptop had just crashed.
Jimmy took his dog for a walk.
Tim was on a boat in the ocean.
Tom wanted to do well on his test.
The villagers rammed the castle gate.
I went out drinking with friends.
Pat's son was about to turn 13 and she wanted to have a party for him.
Amy loved the movie Love Story.
Celine won some backstage passes for her favorite band.
Fred issn artist and specializes in painting.
Everly loved lilacs.
George and his friend landed a new job.
I love iced tea.
Lilith was sure this was the end for her.
I had a golden retriever when I was younger.
Nancy had trusted him not to betray her.
Joe needed some extra cash.
A man was playing fetch with three dogs.
It was Ariana's first day bar tending and she was excited.
Tina wanted to ride motorcycles.
Meghan and Mikey were climbing trees.
Mikey unloaded the heavy boxes from the delivery truck.
There was this great bar and grill down the street from my work.
Charles is poor, so when he finds money, he gets stoked.
Emma begins working on a painting.
Becky started a lemonade stand.
Jake was at a party.
Why do dog owners tell people their dog won't bite?
Jane and Joe sat at a table covered in catalogs and magazines.
Kim wanted Garbage Pail Kids cards, but her mother told her no.
Taylor struggled with math class.
Johann is trying to learn more about American culture.
Kevin was nervous to go on a date with Rita.
The carpet weaver injured his right index finger.
George Bush declared war on Iraq.
Brandon came home to his house with his friend Anthony.
Tom was new to construction work.
Pam had a very messy closet.
Jim has never taken an online class before.
Ted had always been very good with computers.
In November of 2014 we went to the Natick Mall.
Someone tried to steal an elderly lady's purse at the store.
Bill was looking for love.
A little boy came in from recess and handed Jill a bullet.
My grandmother and I planted a peach tree last summer.
Ben wanted to go to the park, but his mom said no.
Emma borrowed her little sister her favorite CD.
Aaron is a professional Quarterback.
Anita had driven her Honda car for fifteen years.
Gina was out of town at her uncle's house.
Mary decided to build a swing.
Rene wanted to take piano lessons.
The news was reporting a storm was coming to South Florida.
Jake was at the club.
Sasha was trying out an archery class at her summer camp.
Mickey was bored.
It was a nice day and my family decided to go outside.
I was getting out of shape.
Eli and Baylee decided to play hide and seek one night.
Arnold wanted to join the Army.
Everything was ready for his anniversary.
My roommate use to use my shampoo.
The score was tied in a soccer game.
Marge had some extra cash.
There is a weekly religion class at church for children.
My first language was Toisanese.
Jimmy was waiting at a restaurant.
Janine woke up sick on the morning of her baby sister's birthday.
Kathy loves to travel.
Mike is an 18 year old looking to join the military.
Tina and her friend went to Chinatown.
Ava wrote her future self a letter.
Jake wanted to learn how to juggle, so he taught himself.
Ellie was washing vegetables.
London gave birth to her fourth child.
My dad first taught me how to drive a car.
Fred always wanted to visit a tropical island.
A few days ago, I had been walking to the park.
Dylan's car is long overdue for an oil change.
Larry always wanted to have power.
Jenny loved books.
Tim was a scrawny little man.
Peter played his heart out!
Yesterday I got a new rooster for my farm.
Adam was going to an important interview.
Steven's friend invited him to go to a concert.
I was holding my infant.
Sean shared a home with several college students.
David knew he should learn to surf after living in Hawaii for a year.
Kayla was trying to come up with baby names for her baby.
Trina's dream job is to be a reporter.
Kelly wanted to go ice skating.
Lucy and Lisa were playing with a dollhouse in the yard.
Dolphins start watching up on the beach in San Diego.
Tony and Martha couldn't find their pig, Porky, anywhere.
Since my car is broken, I called the taxi for a ride.
Ana was at the petting zoo.
Billy posted several videos online before sleeping.
Chris wanted to go on a trip to Spain.
Ed had gotten fireworks from his older brother.
Dan was talking to his high school science teacher.
Tom was running late for his job interview.
Katie was playing outside one day.
Allison was determined to carve the spookiest pumpkin for Halloween.
Amy needed new shorts for volleyball.
My coworker sang in the Chorus Pro Musica in 2004.
Adam was a great construction worker.
Sam had been watching his teammates play from the sidelines.
Sam found an injured dog by the road.
Ella and Jay were camping one day.
Lisa lived in a small town and spent a lot of time with her family.
Two friends were painting their bedroom.
Jared was bored so he decided to rent a movie.
Ernie's mother always told him never to run with scissors.
Doug got a new puppy yesterday.
Bobby's mother called him for lunch.
Barry was taking his first train ride.
Jessica was working at a McDonald's drive through.
Don decided to take an afternoon nap.
Cady was looking for ways to save money for her family.
I went to the hospital to run a few blood tests.
I used to go free-hand rock climbing.
Chris woke up one morning to the sound of the fire alarm.
Sarah was sweeping her house one day.
Kelly really wanted to take guitar lessons.
I dropped out of college and decided to join the Marine Corps.
I once had a pet cat named Jo.
Lisa was given her mother's wedding ring.
Michael was playing ball with his friends.
My dad and I went fishing at the beach.
A young boy wandered off from his mother in a grocery store.
Tim decided to buy stocks for the first time.
Lilly went on her first airplane ride today.
Fany was walking home from school.
Mariah bought a new dress.
Brian sat on the bus on the way to work.
Lindsay was watching TV during a commercial break.
Rachel has a sugar daddy.
Louis loved camping and hiking.
I was in the gym.
I was graduating middle school and wanted to seem intelligent.
Our new neighbors moved in last week.
Gina had a crush on both Jamie and Josh.
George and Jane went to the beach.
Henry was writing a story for his English class.
Ron challenged Earl to a basketball game.
Ashley was struggling in her English class.
I'm a big fan of Calvin and Hobbes.
I wanted my own show on Oprah's network.
Alicia, Chris, and Morgan were avid bike riders.
Jill and her brother Jack are both running for Class President.
Jack was waiting at a stop light for a while.
Van's aunt was an avid gardener.
Todd had a beat up car.
It's getting cold outside today.
Sally and her brother Ed were out in a canoe.
I was eating a burger.
Richard recently got a job as a mailman.
I was looking forward to going to a restaurant recommended by friends.
I called Anna to ask if our plans tonight are still there.
Kate was in a sour mood.
Harry has always enjoyed lifting weights.
My friend asked me to run a marathon with him.
Emma started a new job on Monday.
Matt was at a school assembly.
Jake had a weight problem.
Andy was hired at a women's fashion magazine.
My family decided to eat out last weekend.
Michael was a professional basketball player.
The city was getting ready to celebrate Christmas.
Lee loved trying new foods.
Sam took his test results from the printer and looked them over.
Janet was lost in the desert.
Shelly was walking down the beach looking for shells.
Ada was grocery shopping.
Erin was using his computer when it suddenly crashed.
Ray was making a project for school.
Walt worked at a store.
Every afternoon, Jane and her baby daughter went for a walk.
Two kids rode their bikes slowly down the road.
Stacey was about to try steak for the first time.
Kate had always wanted to be a teacher.
Lee was excited that she was going to her first Justin Bieber concert.
There's a very mean woman who works at a store near me.
Sara watched the sunrise as she told me she was expecting her first child.
Francesca had finally cleaned up and gotten a job.
Dwayne and his neighbor had been feuding for Years.
Randall wants to play with other kids in his class.
Billy was raking leaves one afternoon.
My best friend, Sam, and I decided to take a drive to Gatlinburg.
Beth wanted to give her mom a great present for Christmas.
Ryan thought a girl in his history class was very cute.
Vince was putting up a shed in his backyard.
Lillie was always nervous leaving work.
Tina picked several people to join her basketball team.
Pete spent all his allowance at the candy store.
Eric surprised a lot of people with his success.
Sean was a hard partner and developed a substance problem.
Henry helped his mom decorate the house for Christmas.
The noise of the passing train every morning drove Ava crazy.
My dad fought in the war in Vietnam.
Bob loved to eat bacon and would eat little else.
Julio loved going to the county fair.
John woke up realizing he was late for work already.
The little girl broke a vase.
There was a murder on the 201 express night bus in Atlanta.
Jake was taking out the garbage.
Randall did not want to pay his rent.
Jackie could not wait to see her family.
Millie got up early because she had a lot of cleaning to do.
Sarah wanted to learn how to rock climb.
Misha was obsessed with mirrors.
Sal wanted a sandwich for lunch.
Todd bought a new frisbee today.
Kim decided to give Ron a try for a date.
Pat was dating Maria and wanted to take her to prom.
My husband and I took our children too the playground.
Polly loved to play card games.
Sue was looking for a new office chair.
Jenny's uncle invited her to gather eggs on the farm.
I was walking towards my friend.
Ivan wanted to buy a new computer.
Sally liked soda pop.
Matt was always a bit racist.
Sam needed to get extra help for his psychology class.
Joey begged his mom to buy cereal with a prize inside.
Amelia has really been struggling in school as of late.
I sell books on amazon.
Susie was nervous before her talent show.
Mary wanted to go on a diet.
Gina's dad was putting his oldest son Jay out of the house.
Abigail bought her friend Jenny a simple birthday card.
Jane needed new shoes.
Jake was expecting a phone call for a job interview.
Otis wanted to make a dessert.
The little girl went hiking in the mountains with her dad.
Mom invited Dad to drive her to the doctor.
Oliver and Graham were in the car with their parents.
Neil wanted to take a trip of the paradisiacal island of Fiji.
I knew something was wrong with me.
Stacey was at the mall when she found a necklace she really liked.
Every morning Kelly would make herself a breakfast burrito.
Briana wanted to make a healthy salad.
Joe needed a tie for his formal dinner.
Cindy was back in the gym.
Jim's clock broke.
Dave liked to do thrilling things on his bike.
Max hated board games.
Alfred's friend Arthur stayed over one night.
Ron had been dating Melanie for six months.
There once was a zoo with an ugly bear.
Gina wanted to see her crush Jamie.
Lucy who was in the wedding was wearing bright makeup.
I gurgled at a cute girl in my office in the copier room.
John decided to try his hand at baking a cake.
Trey was a world-famous dancer.
Phil works very hard at his job but he has never been promoted.
George was shopping with his mom for Christmas.
Mark always has wanted to go to Disneyland.
Doris is a Section 8 grandmother.
Janet drove hesitantly to the teacher's conference.
Kim woke up to a loud knocking on her front door.
Ana hated doing laundry.
Amber loved lots of books.
Someone told Stanley he couldn't do his banking today.
Tina prepared ingredients to bake a cake.
I went to jail one day for old tickets.
Ally moved into her college dormitory.
Tim was trying to put together a bicycle in his garage.
Patty had a fascination with the occult.
My first time drinking was my freshman year in college.
Johnson felt he was growing apart from his girlfriend for months.
Leah's mother told her not to go into the basement closet.
Tim and Lisa had a shaky marriage.
Miguel was dead set on experiencing New York as a true native.
Alex hated scary movies.
Samantha was trying to save money.
Ruth was selling her childhood home.
Dan was a crooked businessman.
Kim hardly ever got sick.
Tor's parents encouraged him to try out gymnastics.
Phillip was playing Xbox in his living room.
Bill and Dan used to be best friends when in college together.
I finally was able to scoop up a new laptop yesterday.
Beth had a large tank of goldfish.
Dana applied for a college scholarship.
John had gotten a new job.
Bradley loves to play the drums.
Alec entered a break dancing competition.
A bee stung Scott on his foot.
Melinda has always loved drinking different wines.
Maria signed up for a knitting class.
Ed and Emma were camping.
Gemma was at the park with her friends.
Patricia loved puns.
Teddy was an avid bird watcher.
Amanda asked her children for their Christmas list.
Anna was having a family picnic.
Kristen had all of her teeth removed today.
I got my heating bill.
Javier realizes that he is very hungry.
Peter just walked out of the party.
My mother gave my son a pumpkin to carve on Halloween.
Kelly really wanted to be editor in chief of her paper.
Allan is the pastor of the First Baptist Church in his town.
Ida wanted to do something special for her sister's visit.
Amy was going to junior high in a week.
Amy was proud of her long blonde hair.
When I was a kid, I lived by a spooky home.
Rosie needed groceries one day.
Mandy was taking her first plane ride today.
Me and Marcy do not agree on anything.
Steven wanted a ps4.
Tina and her friends went out to Mexican food.
My mom is a great baker.
It was Ray's last day as a newsman.
Alice went to the park today.
March 8th is National Pancake Day.
Nate and Jerry are planning a garage sale for Saturday morning.
Ashley and Brittany had been best friends for sixteen Year's.
Tabitha was at the park with her friend.
Ally's boyfriend found out he had to move across the country for work.
There once was a fast little rat inside of a house.
Sam was walking to class.
Larry was practicing for a piano recital.
Daren arranged to date a girl he met on the internet at the movies.
Theo loved cherries, but her mom could rarely afford them.
Paulette took a semester off college.
Dean's roof was damaged in the recent wind storm.
Ryan had a project.
Kylie was out for a walk.
Kacie was making a batch of brownies.
In the first police interrogation Ike was very confused.
Hannah didn't have many friends in high school.
Last weekend I visited Asturias in Northern Spain.
My dad recorded his favorite television show every week.
Jasmine wanted some cash.
Cathy couldn't understand why her baby had started crying.
Karen invited Tara to go shopping with her.
Sam went to the doctor for a check up.
Ken took his kids to a photo shoot with him.
Tim drew robots all the time.
There was a closet in Gina's grandma's room.
Unfortunately, my father lost his job last month.
John wanted to skate.
Dave was backing out of driveway for work one day.
Alice went to a job interview.
Michael wanted to lose weight.
Brittany decided to try out for cheerleading.
The police officer was driving across the street.
Cara wanted to stop snacking on chips and cookies.
Lauren's new husband got a flat tire, so he called AAA.
It was a cold early morning.
Macy had never wanted kids.
The instructor gave Lina an arrow.
Chrissy was an artist.
Kevin needed to get a suit for an upcoming wedding.
Lauren bought a new aquarium.
I took my pile of change to an exchange machine.
Brody was a picky eater.
Tom was on the high school football team.
A handyman was called to fix a leak in the ceiling.
It was Cindy's first day of high school.
Jonathan does not get along with his co-worker, Ryan.
Gene was sitting in class one day.
Carl had a horrible job that he hated.
It was Anna's birthday!
Rachel was so excited to be moving into her first apartment.
Becky was having waffles one day.
Some of my favorite childhood memories stem from going to the beach.
Tim was feeling a bit tired.
Joseph was cleaning out his fridge.
Lily loved chicken nuggets.
I came to school mad since I barely got sleep last night.
Chris sold his car and began running everywhere in town.
I was a Brockton Rox fan.
Every September I can hear the high school band practicing at 8 AM.
Harry the Greek was a store in the South End of Boston.
My car wouldn't start so I walked to work in the rain.
Janice loved to go hiking.
I spotted a very pretty girl in my anatomy class.
Martin was a daredevil of a diver.
I was taught by nuns during the early seventies.
We were sitting around the holidays at dinner.
Owen went to Chinatown to repair an elevator in an apartment building.
A woman went to the mall for the weekend to shop.
Tom lives in Chicago and he gets very cold winters.
Kay needed to run to a local store to make a purchase.
Miranda was driving through town.
Chelsea was talking to the manager.
Hannah had the day off from school for the snow.
A writer wrote a book that he said was best read while drinking gin.
A great artist came to the town fair and set up shop.
Kim was tired of doing the dishes.
Tom was looking for an apartment.
Kim was tired of her socks being wet in the winter.
Sally walked to school today.
Bob was allergic to peanuts.
I checked my wallet.
My friend Tom lives in Greenfield, MA.
Dean realized he had no food in the house.
Olivia had never tried sushi before.
I remember my the first fish I caught very clearly.
Kelly wanted a new look.
As the friends boarded flight to Australia, they felt strange.
Jensen loved fishing with his dad.
Kelly was an aspiring painter.
Nina was headed to college in Arkansas.
My wife and I were at Home Depot today.
Fin told everyone he had psychic powers.
Taylor grumbled incessantly as she attempts to untangle the computer w.
Joanna was making dinner for her family.
I make bracelets from little beads.
Irene was starring in her school play.
Jenny's teacher wrote a word on the blackboard.
Tia and Paul were vacationing in Scotland.
Tom loved to eat cheerios.
Keith hated washing dishes at his house.
Anne and her class were visiting an olden-days village.
Miley's mother asked her to write a Christmas list.
Cletus was the only one of his friends who was not an athlete.
Paul had had a hard life.
My father is always trying to convince me to watch old movies.
Kate was an intern with a documentary film company.
Lori got a juice box from the fridge.
There's a lonely place on an island called Swamp Taro.
MBE is short for the Minnesota Bach Ensemble.
Alice liked to tickle her friends.
Bonnie was all dressed up for a fancy dinner with her family.
Naomi's grandmother came to visit her.
Barrett was a trombone player in his high school band.
Joe is a tractor-trailer driver in the Northeast.
Henry had a family.
The other day I was at the gym.
There was a tree blocking the sun from my house.
Mike took out some eggs and heated up a pan.
A boy was looking through the window of a pet store.
We made christmas cookies this weekend.
Abe plays basketball every day.
Mark started playing his guitar in the garage.
Mike took his children to the circus.
Matt went onstage to perform.
My friend and I went to a mine.
Quinton's mom was mad at him.
I was playing basketball.
Sue was due to have a baby girl.
Jane was defending Hannah's punches.
Mikayla did not know how to ride a bike.
Jason ripped his pants on a fence.
Jane bought new slippers from Target.
Jane wanted to purchase a new car.
Lisa was an older sister.
David's mom told them not to jump on the beds.
Kim was afraid of swimming.
Tom was listening to music.
Jenny had never been ice skating before.
Neil quickly purchased a cheap deal on a used pair of shoes.
I was bitten by a spider one night in my apartment.
Kelly loved Starbucks.
Ed was a bad boy all day.
Ken needed to get up early for a test.
I signed up for freshman Spanish.
Stephanie was awakened by a loud noise.
There was a king who loved to eat peanut butter sandwiches.
Linda wanted to cook a special dinner for her boyfriend.
Iva signed up for a hot dog eating contest.
Jasmine is a junior in high school.
I love to read books but I have no time lately.
Harry was at the mall.
Reese decided to buy a car.
Last week I began job searching.
I won tickets to the Chicago Bear's game this weekend off the radio.
Patsy bought a new car to drive to work.
Sarah had a date tonight at a restaurant.
Ed and his girlfriend Lisa went hiking.
Dana was having dinner with friends.
Tom was set to go away for the first time in his life.
Tara had a very itchy mosquito bite on her leg.
Hank was a very hairy man.
I noticed I was hungry after working all day.
We finally were able to sell the house.
Gary bumped the hot sauce jar.
My job was very stressful.
Dusty and Cody were exploring on their farm one day.
Foxy want potato chips.
Ben wanted to get a new pair of shoes.
We went to the Library to get a card.
Mia was on a tight budget but agreed to go antiquing with her friends.
It was still winter so Carrie went outside in her long coat.
Meg was doing very well at work.
Mark had a 9am flight to Chicago.
Jason wanted to impress his girlfriend.
Rachel's family had gotten a new computer.
Sarah prepared a large meal for her family.
Paul loved tv dinners.
Charles saw a lot of weird things in his lifetime.
I went Christmas shopping last weekend.
Tom is going through sleep paralysis.
Liz was really good at singing.
Nick was late for work.
Jack was looking for something to eat.
Will plays soccer in a local soccer league.
Tom and Sally went to the beach.
Joan hated to see the numbers on her scale.
Last night I was chatting with Chandler on instant messenger.
Sam was taking a nap in his living room.
Gary was excited for a snow day.
Maria had to go grocery shopping.
I wanted to do a different thing than the usual.
Laura's old cat had died when she was little.
Cora saw an old woman begging on the street.
In 2003 the Red Sox choke in the playoffs to the Yankees.
Linda and Gina went to a craft show.
Sandy hadn't been home to see her family in a long time.
Alex was asked to paint a picture to put up in gallery.
Candace was trying to put her toddler to bed.
Sharon was on her way home from work when a huge storm came down.
Amy had been running a cupcake shop for a year.
Felipe had never eaten a traditional Indian curry.
I was invited to go to a family reunion by my mother.
Rob had an assignment due in his creative writing class.
Henry bent down to pick up a piece of paper on the floor.
Kim has many dolls.
Last month I bought a new iPhone.
Mary needs to go to the store.
James was out visiting his friends.
Mike and Ally became friends when they were two.
Jeff brought his kids to the beach one morning.
My dog dug a hole in our backyard.
Jim lost his new puppy spot.
Bryan was thirsty while eating his lunch.
Elizabeth wanted a puppy.
Jim had a problem.
I had a pet rabbit.
Lucy heard her mom talking about a friend.
Sheila was due to have a baby girl.
Sarah was feeling hungry.
Donald wanted to meet an eagle.
Denise was at work.
Jon was annoyed by his parents since they begged him to play the lotto.
Sarah was making a birthday cake for her husband.
Mike spends a lot of his time on the internet.
A poor artist went to the store and bought some supplies.
Reed set his tool box on the bench.
Dan heard a thumping as he walked by his car.
Sam took his girlfriend to see the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Callie was entering a beauty pageant.
I inside an auto parts store to the counter.
Gina was in a gas station on the highway.
Lizzy was enjoying her trip to the petting zoo.
Bill was starving at work.
We lived in the city when we got married in 1981.
Ron was busy building a wooden shelf in his workshop.
Beth and her sister Ali were at May's house.
As a teenager I loved having sleepovers with my friends.
Kate listened to loud music on her laptop.
I have always been an active person.
Antwan was very young when his mother died.
Abel was a very sweet and quiet boy.
Amy wanted to be very good at basketball.
Bobby stared at his writing assignment.
Raven went to a bar to meet new people.
Howard decided to go to a PTA meeting one day.
My husband wanted to take a trip to Niagara Falls.
Deep in Louisiana swamps, there was a legend of ghosts haunting.
A man was in the market for a new car.
He grew up poor.
Anna made a New year's resolution.
Jane loves shoes.
Bob and Jane got married on the fourth of July.
Monica set an appointment to get a manicure.
Larry has never been a big fan of sports.
Kelly decided to take her favorite junk food items and redo them.
It was a nice and sunny day so Rick went to the park.
Mel took his son fishing on the weekends.
Jazz's family was driving on the highway.
Bob was playing outside.
Gina needed to pry open a frozen car door.
One of my favorite shows just got cancelled.
I worked at a restaurant in Colorado when I was young.
A Shepherd named James had 100 sheep.
I wrote out how I wanted my funeral to be.
Webster wanted to find himself a part-time job.
Ella went in for a root canal.
Gina's car was covered in ice and snow.
Jorge has always wanted to learn his father's famous recipe for beans.
Mary was nine months pregnant.
Craig was an engineer for a technology company.
Mary went to the hospital to have her baby.
Bob's granddaughter had gotten lost.
Bill took his lighter out and waited.
Chad loved riding on fast boats.
I picked up my phone and pressed a button.
Domino's was played in the house of the Smith's.
Mark bought graves for his wife and him.
Annie had just started a new job.
I got up at 5:30 to get ready for work.
Debra is from the United Kingdom.
Thad always loved going places with his dad, especially the river.
Ben was hiking in the jungle.
There was a horse that crashed into a tree.
Tim was driving down the road.
Ken's city was hit by a big snow storm.
An artist was painting an image of a boat in the water.
I planted a herb garden in the window.
The phone rang in the kitchen of Dave's house.
Felix wanted to go to disney world.
Sirene had been a famous silver screen actress.
Jordan was walking towards the building.
Today I went to pick up my son from daycare during a blizzard.
Becca had a dog name Ruff.
Jay loved race cars.
Alana was traveling with the the girls to the islands.
It was William's mom's birthday.
Gina was excited to be leaving Illinois and going back to Minnesota.
Mark lost his job and was receiving unemployment.
One day, scientists discovered a baby gorilla.
My two kids love to play dress up!
Same went to visit his uncle at the farm.
Paul was nervous, but excited.
When we were kids my brother would occasionally get car sick.
Nadine was going to a cabin with her boyfriend.
Mark likes to play guitar.
Anna had had a c-section for her first baby.
Nora wasn't a very careful driver.
I went to the doctor yesterday for a routine check up.
Brittany loved her long hair.
I met a girl last night who worked at a petting zoo.
Anita didn't know her real father, but her step father was around.
Penny couldn't wait to wear the new scarf her mom knitted.
Gerald is a famous rapper.
Jane was using her sister's TV to try out a new yoga DVD.
Timmy and John were getting ready for a basketball game.
Sara's mom was about to have a baby.
George is in high school.
Bob was fixing a light bulb.
Janet decided to go to her high school's party.
Randy was mixing several chemicals together.
Sade was a middle school student who wanted to get more involved.
Janine went to the water park.
Tom was considering playing football in high school.
My friends decided to meet inside my math teachers classroom.
Joe spent several minutes picking the perfect pair.
Sally had a pinwheel playing outside.
Kim we to the supermarket to buy paper towels.
Rebecca got a call from family to go home to visit her dad.
Eddie's piano concert was tomorrow.
Ron could not sleep because he heard a whining cat in his backyard.
The powerful gangster lived in the mountains.
The Smith family went to the county fair.
Rick and his dad used to see wrestling matches together all the time.
Dave felt badly about being overweight.
Michael told his father that he wanted to study Astronomy.
One night there was a huge storm.
Annie was pregnant.
Richard was supposed to be paid today.
Last night Stacey was all up having fun.
One mild winter Maggie seen a ladybug on her window.
Recently, it started snowing.
My friend Kenny lived in Dorchester, MA.
Joey and June molded the moist sand into a mound.
James wanted a new puppy.
Amy and Kim stayed over Lynn's house.
Lulu was very overwhelmed this last week.
Howie decided to order pizza for dinner.
Peyton decided she needed a new haircut.
Francis bought a pie at the grocery store.
Jane was pondering what type of stockings to get.
Charles found himself a job on craigslist.
Missy was at a fourth of July party.
I am an avid coin collector.
I was at work when I got the phone call about the World Trade Center.
Kim got a new tattoo without telling her parents.
A man wanted to know why religion was so controversial.
Samuel like to play tricks.
Peter grimaced as the wind pounded against him, again.
Billy loved being active.
I wasn't sure what kind of medicine I should take for my cold.
My cousin called me while I was at work.
Ana wanted a healthy lunch for school.
Some friends and I were drinking in the yard.
Tom had a bad tooth ache.
Johnny was supposed to be going home after vacation.
Ruthie decided to try a new spaghetti sauce.
Cole always loved dragons.
Jenny was finally getting a kitten.
Mike decided to volunteer for a farm.
Glen needed groceries but his car was at the mechanic's.
Tim wanted to help his daughter sell Girl Scout cookies.
Rex was our family dog.
Tim was walking home.
Tim was trying to fix the electrical wiring in his home.
The jackpot was set at 10 billion dollars.
I felt that my legs were too hairy.
Bob was on a business trip.
Devin decided to take his dog, Kevin, to the dog park one afternoon.
My friend Sam is very competitive.
Gina's wanted a unicorn folder like her friend Tami.
Ken was driving his new sprint car at the race track.
Being a pizza delivery man, Harold knew everyone in town.
I was driving with my dad the other day.
Kim and Beth wanted to try genuine New York City Pizza.
Amy was a hardworking student.
Melissa tried to move across a bush.
Sam downloaded a movie illegally.
James worked very hard and made eight dollars.
I was depressed.
Fred was so upset that his puppy Wags was missing.
Kendrick uses his fireplace often.
Ani loved banana milkshakes, but they were thickening her waistline.
Charlie put on his halloween costume.
The new secretary pretended to actually files things but lied.
Today I bought a new bunny.
Dean was asked by his mother to go buy her cigarettes.
Vicki was scared of heights.
Pat was always tired.
Kim was driving home on  the highway.
Leah rowed her boat every day.
Emma woke up and noticed something on her window.
A man was traveling in Nicaragua.
I put perfume on this morning.
The smiths decided to go on vacation to the Grand Canyon.
Amy and Beth were playing in Beth's yard.
Myla decided to foster a dog.
Today I raked my entire backyard.
Gina's brother had pushed her into a dresser.
Kary wanted to become a lifeguard.
Meisha's husband signed her up for an open mic.
Annie was putting blond highlights in her hair for prom.
Shari joked around too much.
Sal took out all his money from the bank.
I decided to make a cake to surprise my husband.
Pastor Tom was preaching on Sunday.
Emily's cat loved to hunt in the garage.
One day, Sarah forgot to close the gate in her yard.
Ted earned some vacation days at work he wanted to use.
Jake loved gambling as much as he hated losing.
Lucy and Gina were at the pool.
Timmy was having a sale on his car.
Dan was the team basketball star at his school.
Billy got his end of the year report card.
Carrie was out at a restaurant with her family.
Barbara looked preoccupied and sad at work.
I got a letter in the mail.
Lisa got a freshly baked bread to try.
Sam got a flat tire while going to work.
Theo always wanted to be like his father.
Ann let her daughter Mae bake a cake.
Gina was carrying three gallons of water in a handbasket.
I decided to get a pet kitten.
Tina always wanted a kitten.
Lyn's backhand is awful.
Louisa had been I'll ever since returning from her honeymoon in Asia.
Jason wanted a new hobby.
Sean was going out to pick up the mail.
Today I decided to put new cabinets in my kitchen.
Kate was interested in taking kick boxing.
Harry always joked with his wife about her easy yoga practices.
Alice's electric nail file stopped working in the middle of a service.
When I was a child beach cruiser bikes were not in style.
Marcy asked her boyfriend to buy her a pizza online.
Missy loves playing ball.
Darren visited a haunted house.
Aspen was walking through the park.
I was glad to do a job that paid a small amount of money.
Carlin took her family to a Christmas tree farm.
Gina locked her key in her car at a gas station.
Justin loves fresh fruit.
Gina was waiting for the principal.
The jihadist called the support line with a complaint of an itch.
Kenny wanted to learn to rollerblade so he could impress his friends.
Walking to work wasn't so bad Larry decided.
Jody and her mom went to Sunday Brunch.
My friend Harry takes Lasix for his heart.
Nate came out of the doctor's office.
Dan was trying to show off to his girlfriend.
Dan followed his older cousin around like a shadow.
Sue was eating ice cream at the park.
Sam went out for Saint Patrick's Day.
Sue wanted to make fried chicken.
James had bought a new laptop for school.
Wilma loved helping people.
Cara was a fat little girl.
Amber feels overweight and unhealthy.
Paul dreamt of being a baker, so he saved up his money to buy a shop.
Amy wanted a new job with more hours.
Beth would dream of the most wonderful places to visit.
Ben felt he wasn't an artistic person.
Tim wanted to be on a professional basketball team.
Jake went to the mall with his mom.
Irene had invited her friends over to watch movies.
Anthony, 23, checked craigslist for local piano instructors.
Jen strained as she lugged her suitcase up the stairs.
He had an abiding fear of people.
David had a favorite shirt.
Jen has a ten page paper due tomorrow.
My wife told me I had to throw out my old tap shoes.
It was time for the Smiths to buy their first home.
My friend and I went to the beach.
Michael had been writing for years.
Ivy was in a long distance relationship.
Nichole found a wallet in the grocery store parking lot.
Bill never liked sour cream as a kid.
Kevin bought a new truck.
Laura wanted to play on the softball team.
Chef Bill is set up for a job interview at a 5 star restaurant.
Annie woke up in the morning with a strong ache in her tooth.
The Jones family decided to take a road trip this year for Christmas.
Jim, Tom, and Sally decided to form a study group.
Last week I went rock climbing with my friend Matt.
Peter and Kevin grew up in a small town.
Holly loved reading.
I just took my sleeping pill and decided to do a couple of turk hits.
Gina went for a walk near her home.
Joan walked to the store to buy some food.
I was still full from Thanksgiving but could not wait.
Kim checked into her resort and went to her room.
Cora was starting her job as a kindergarten teacher.
One day Jordan had a friend over so they could play video games.
Yolanda felt like she was getting stuck in a boring routine.
Lane played the drums and wanted to be in a band.
Kim was in a pie making contest at the county fair.
Jim was digging for worms in the dirt.
Matthew wanted a game console for his birthday.
Jen has always wanted to be in a snowball fight.
Joe had trouble paying attention in class.
It was the summer break.
Jan started her new job yesterday.
Kayla had her first clarinet concert tonight.
Phyllis was excited when an astrophysicist asked her out.
Tori thought samurai were really cool.
Myron had wanted a new hairstyle for months.
Joel liked being a bully.
Maddie's baby was beginning to crawl.
It was a chilly fall afternoon.
Alex was at a house party.
Cassidy was riding her bike.
Mark has always loved sports.
Tom has plans to have lunch with his old high school friends.
Sue kept calling her dog but she was nowhere to be found.
Shelly wanted to learn how to bake a cake.
I was studying some pretty serious anatomy in the college library.
Jan bought 300 lottery tickets for the big jackpot.
Emily was going to jail, and she was excited.
I watched the episode Punk on Law and Order.
James worked in a large office building.
Every year on the Fourth of July my family and I go to the Cape.
Damon had just moved into a new apartment.
My boss called and asked me to work over the weekend.
Bob likes to watch old westerns on TV.
Amy had taken her sister Ali with to a friends house.
The girls were outside for recess.
Nell couldn't resist the candy counter in her dad's store.
Jim's grandmother needed him to take her to the doctor.
Steve was excited about his job interview.
Two men played tennis at night in a lit court.
My son played Little League baseball in kindergarten.
I got a hamburger on the way home from work.
Kim was tired of studying.
The Kujata have a beautiful cottage on a lake.
Jarred and Jake had a balancing contest on the balance beam.
Zaiden is a mischievous 4 year old.
Patrick and his family went to vacation in Fort Lauderdale.
The trip I took for my graduation was exciting, fun, and a life lesson.
Sally needed a haircut.
Barney fearfully huddled in his foxhole as the barrage came down.
Max was laying in bed with his new baby.
I began my physics homework.
The two friends hated their job.
Greg never thought he'd boo-boo on himself.
The little girl waked to the barn.
Lily tried to bake a cake for her son.
Lisa walked down the sidewalk on her morning walk.
Bob always had a tough time with credit cards.
Gina was in the backseat of the car on a road trip.
Luna didn't have exact change for the bus.
We left early on a sunday, flying out of Atlanta.
Dave was gardening outside one day.
Amy was in London for a week.
Dave bought an old chair at an antique store.
John wanted to try a different cuisine.
Gina had a bed, dresser, and 2 armchairs in her room.
Mike's room had many holes in its walls.
Reggie moved to Alaska.
Jerry was tired of the hot weather in his area.
Walking on the beach is one of my favorite activities.
I have a younger brother.
Jerry was in the car with his mom and brothers.
Rory really wanted a new bracelet.
Caitlin Recently married her boyfriend of three years, Cal.
Abby was a city girl.
Liz is in a biology class.
I once knew a girl named Sammy.
Amy worked at home and asked questions in a chat room.
The puppeteer was hired for the child's birthday party.
One day jim found a phone number in a book.
Amy signed up for a pen pal in her Spanish class.
Karl noticed a stain in his pants.
I was so excited for High School.
Bo and his father went on a fishing trip for the weekend.
Charles and Greg were best friends in high school.
Gina's family road trip was coming to an end.
Kali went to do her first video music video.
My friend and I decided to go to school to review for a test.
Amy got a flat tire one morning.
Tim went to the ATM.
Enid was graduating soon.
Katie got a bunch of bubbles for her birthday.
Trenton loved apples.
Ben was about to meet his girlfriend's parents for the first time.
My husband told me I had to leave the house for a week.
My sister is going to have a baby.
Tara used to live next to the beach as a kid.
Wilfred wanted to throw a BBQ for all of his friends and neighbors.
Chang was finishing up lunch when all of a sudden he heard a noise.
Joe was a stockbroker.
Bill loved to play baseball.
Fred always received a generous allowance from his parents.
Amy was on lunch break with her friend Beth.
Bob sat down to do a crossword puzzle.
A man bought himself a rooster.
Mike was talking to Molly.
Tom was preparing for a business trip.
Dan was playing in the yard at home.
There was a little girl that always had nightmares.
Nell's parents heard a black family was moving on their block.
Jason feels that his work chair is very uncomfortable.
Matthew often had nightmares.
The sound of thundering footsteps echoed off the hillsides.
My father was saying that he hasn't seen a baseball game in years.
I called my son today.
There were five little girls in Ms Marshall's class who were friends.
I wanted to make scrambled eggs for breakfast.
Javier was doing his usual commute home from work.
Lucy got all her friends together for a pizza party.
Jim was watching a scary movie.
Fred really wanted a hamburger.
Kyle hurried home from work.
The first year of college was the fun.
Paul was the head chef at a restaurant.
Gina's bed had golden balls on the tops of the posts.
Lily was having a party.
While on my way to work this morning, I got a flat tire.
Mike tried out for the high school basketball team.
Tom had a cold.
Ola wanted to make some chicken tenders for supper.
Last night was brutal.
Simon eats oatmeal every morning.
Sophia was on a soccer team.
Michael was only eight years old when he first went camping.
On the bus ride home Amy showed her older friend Sue her new watch.
Tom always thought his girlfriend's sister was cute.
Brian has dreamed for many Years of going back graduate school.
Mike was on his last day working at a construction site.
Gina was driving behind a car heading home.
Erin planned to take a 20 minute break from his homework.
The scientist needed to find a vaccine for the virus.
Gertie was worried her baby was not meeting his milestones.
Michael loved dragon ball Z.
Betty couldn't wait for her beach vacation.
My boss wanted me to work overtime.
We have a big ceramic turtle in our apt.
The panthers were down 10 points in 1 minute.
Wesley loved pranking people and filming it with his smartphone.
Tom was running late for work.
Georgia is the mother of my friend Phil.
Jude was a big fan of Popcorn.
Tom wanted to take Shelly on a date.
Tabitha was at her public library trying to find a book.
My job set up all sorts of new rules.
Lisa wanted a chemical treatment.
There was a little girl who owned a pet rock.
Nathan was already running 10 minutes late.
My eyes had been hurting.
There was a scientist who wanted to collect bacteria samples.
On the way to work, my car died.
One Christmas we decided that we wanted to cut down our own tree.
Wyatt and his friends were in class.
Lucy was lost in the basement of her grandmother's church.
Roger was 80 years old.
Lauren was cleaning out a closet and found a small box.
Tristan visited his grandmother's house one day.
Oliver was celebrating his birthday.
Tammy hadn't done the laundry in weeks.
Sue had a bad habit.
My grandmother mailed me her amazing sweet potato pie.
Darren cooked pancakes for himself and his girlfriend.
Judy got a new kitten for Christmas.
Katey was pregnant with her first baby.
A cop was on his night shift.
Jenny is packing for a camping trip with her friends.
Gina was using dish soap to clean soda off the sidewalk.
Ally woke up to a surprise.
At our house bath time is so fun.
One summer at our pool party, my mom was caught off guard.
Josh loved hockey but wanted to learn to play tennis.
Jason applied for a good paying job.
Paul bought a small gift for Cindy for her Birthday.
Tammy went to the park with her brother.
Jean's job a holiday party.
Bryan only had one hundred dollars in his checking account.
I dropped my car off by my friend's house who volunteered to paint it.
Gerry was walking to work.
Bob's doctor told him he needs to stop eating red meat.
Sarah loves to go hiking.
Jerry wanted money for a new video game.
Hallie was in Hawaii.
The coach decided to assign team workouts.
Caleb lived on a wheat farm in Oklahoma.
Samantha had heard about a meteor shower that night.
Ron lived in a homeless shelter.
Jen was trying to cut sugar.
Ivan was playing an educational computer game.
Waiting all day had finally paid off.
Gina's brother had an NWA and a LL Cool J tape.
Chris was a millennial.
Ron had never been skiing.
Shane and his family had just moved into a new house.
Amy loved eating pie, and she could eat a lot of it!
I bought a bottle of brandy.
Gina had a friend named Ruth who lived across the street.
My son was a painter.
Daryl always has a cheerful smile for everyone in the community.
Eva loved panda bears.
Joy was very pale.
Evan forget to study for his math test.
Lisa cooked dinner for her family.
Everyday a group of high school students held a contest at lunch.
Kay let her cat Vina play outside in the day.
Tim thought it was a great day to play outside with his friends.
Emily couldn't find her shoes.
Jeb was bored at home.
It was Jane's turn to perform on the talent show.
Ike walked down the street and passed a thrift store.
Joan bought a folded map to guide her on a car trip.
Tom watched wrestling shows as a kid growing up.
Mel loved writing poetry and wanted to be published.
Tom loved Sicilia with all his heart.
Molly was lacking energy.
Joy was taking out her trash when she heard the tiniest of sounds.
My class waited in the lunch line to get our lunches.
There were some dancers on stage.
Jason craved an ice-cream cone.
Matt was a passionate activist with an idea for a musical.
Tom was friends with Jim.
One morning Billy woke and looked outside.
Chad has been lifting weights for years.
Today I bought some yogurt.
Bolt after bolt of lightning struck the castle.
He missed her terribly.
Marco never asked a girl to a school dance.
Carl and Pablo were playing video games.
My team has yet to win a game this season.
Jeff jumped in the lake in April.
One night my mother asked my brother to take out the trash.
Sam wanted a painting for his apartment.
Steven found a 35 mm camera at a garage sale and decided to buy it.
My sister in law was a trolley driver.
Gina's sister spilled soda on the sidewalk.
After years of waiting, Jason finally got a dog named Jake.
Amy's mom woke her up in a panic.
Andrew was very drowsy.
Roger had a very large key ring full of various keys.
Jed and Jake were ready to show off their new hotrod.
Angie met a guy named Matt.
My girlfriend, Julia, was studying in Paris for a semester.
Lisa wanted to build a fort in her backyard.
Bob was hiking in the forest.
When I was a teenager, I took a trip to visit family in England.
Chris noticed a bird's nest on the ground in front of a holly tree.
Melody went to browse a hat store.
Katie and Fred were having their engagement at Laura's house.
Amy was starting Junior High.
I like to drink craft beers.
Since I was a child, I dreamed of being a pilot.
Amy had Home Ec for her 3rd class.
Jake was riding his skateboard outside.
Sue's parrot would not stop making noise.
Chris wanted to visit the zoo.
Jack lived in Canada.
Sam took his lunch break by the pond outside his office building.
Dan loves video games.
Every week at her music lesson Benisha lies.
Jane was out hunting with her dad.
Chloe was a new mom.
Simon's boss put a dozen donuts in the break room for his employees.
Ina wanted to produce a music album.
Brett was eating soup at a restaurant.
Samantha and her family were eating at a restaurant.
Tiffany wanted to lose her baby weight.
Little Tom was scared of his closet.
Juanita had been single ever since her husband died.
John lived in the desert with his wolf-dog hybrid Benji.
Chris woke up early on Saturday morning.
Gina was able to move into her brother's old room.
A boy named Jacob had never stayed up all night.
Brian was chopping some trees in his backyard.
It was a rainy day outside.
Jimmy was having picnic at the park.
Larry was running late to church.
I did dangerous things on my bike.
Tommy caught the past with only seconds left on the clock.
It was Jay's 26th birthday, and it started off like any other day.
I woke up one morning and went outside to grab the newspaper.
I waited on the corner for the bus to come.
Kay was losing patience with her dog's disobedience.
Gina wanted to keep the stray dog she found.
It was time for Lita to do her taxes.
Abby was always annoyed by the family dog.
Jane put on her  riding helmet and chaps after she saddled her horse.
Matt always believed he was bad at math.
Stephen wanted to have a house party.
Ryan always overdid things.
David rarely watered his lawn.
Misty loved to sing.
My friend Jake ate a burger.
Sally didn't have any clean clothes to wear.
Ida was pregnant.
I met my best friend in first grade.
Tim wanted blonde streaks in his hair.
Stuart enjoys keeping mice in his basement.
Matt was addicted to the video game World of Warcraft.
Cindy never did homework and blamed her dog for eating it.
Tom was a very healthy guy.
Bonnie loved playing volleyball.
Dan wanted to go dancing.
Iva was starting to get wrinkles around her eyes.
Aurelia has always wanted to build something with her hands.
Winter had just arrived.
Kelly loved the new sweater she got yesterday.
Jacob woke up at a red light.
Mark's wife Sue wanted to learn to play poker.
The pilot felt a shake in the plane.
Kevin needed to decided on a college soon.
Lucy's father was a very famous actor.
I was camping with my dog on my land.
Howard received a call from his boss one day.
A baby kitten wanders out of the house.
Sandra saw a girl on her campus asking for donations.
Sarah was not feeling well.
Mike was a procrastinator.
Two friends were having an argument about proper grammar in speech.
Tara had recently gotten a summer job at the mall.
Bobby had an English test at school the next day.
Gina decided she would make a copy of her house key.
Ed was an expert surfer.
Robin found a stray cat on her street.
Jimmy was organizing the dirty clothes.
Phil and Laurel had been friends for more than 20 years.
Cole was excited about his first day of kindergarten.
The jones family went to the lake every summer.
Kathy was driving her car on the highway.
Julius Erving was a legendary basketball player.
Little Billy hated going to the doctor, but he had a sore throat.
I never thought I could be successful.
Alex needed to fax his ID to his workplace.
Lucy and Rick bought a house for a good price.
Gerald loved Ali and wanted to marry her.
They boys had a fishing trip planned.
Once there was a philosopher who was seeking new wisdom.
Little Bobby liked to hang out late at night.
Matthew is not allowed to eat or drink near the computer.
Cindy's friend was often very mean to her.
I tried to use the bathroom at a friend's house.
Sara spent all night working on her school report.
One day Kevin really wanted a soda, but he didn't have any at his house.
Chris was in Paris during the evening of the terrorist attacks.
Karen had been trying to get pregnant for over a year.
My nephew was visiting my house one day.
Jenna had a phobia of snakes.
Jill lies to her new date and tells him that she is a great cook.
George was walking past a row of parked bikes.
I heard knocking at the rear of the apartment.
Tom wanted to grow up.
At work I'm on my feet all day long.
This morning, I attended a training at my work office.
Sam decided to cook lunch for his family.
Jenny wanted to know why the water was red.
There was a fire a Kay's house and she lost all her toys.
Jane saw a squirrel as she stood in her yard.
Fred was excited to start his online cooking course.
Ken had just bought a new computer game.
Miranda had recently turned eighteen.
Caitlyn was a very pretty and smart girl, but she was mean to others.
A singer wanted to make the next great country song.
Allie didn't own many purses, but was attached to the few she had.
Every night Austin watched movies with his iPad.
I prefer songs that have unconventional vocals.
Sandy wanted to impress her boyfriend with an authentic Italian dinner.
Mike went to a coffee shop one day.
Gina and her friend Tami were discussing the new boy in their class.
Dennis wanted to earn money for himself.
Lisa wanted to buy a pizza.
Sam enjoys going to work.
Tom went out to the club last night.
Tony did gymnastics.
Tom went fishing with some friends.
I had begun planning for my retirement already.
A man called out to a fish in a pond.
Benny's car was about to come across a merged lane.
Tim slept through his alarm.
Edgar tried many years to write a book.
My kitchen floor was filthy.
Ron just got his driving permit.
Darlene's parents called to say they were coming home early.
Kelly was moving across town.
Oliver had a pet fish.
When I was seven Years old my dad went on an errand.
Bill smelled something horrible in the room.
Lily was visiting her grandparents in Florida.
The mailman became a disturbance in the neighborhood.
John was digging in his backyard when he found a huge bone.
In 2005 we went to a neighbor's quinceanera.
My brother came home dirty from his football game.
My computer broke.
Brenda woke up from a heavy sleep.
Kim let her daughter, Lisa, make breakfast for her.
Jackson is a high school teacher.
Marie wanted to be an astronaut when she grew up.
When Tom was little, he dreamed of owning an expensive sports car.
Linda lived in Baltimore during the riots.
Pete wanted to join the school marching band.
Terry was a ravenous consumer of meat.
Sarah and John went to their lunch period together.
Dana and Amanda were married and didn't keep secrets.
Don was letting his granddaughter live with him.
Mable knew she couldn't mow her lawn at her advanced age.
Glenda's daughter was going through her terrible twos phase.
Lynn and her friends had broken curfew.
Tony and Marie have been dating for 5 years.
Lorraine hasn't seen her brother in two Year's.
Sara had never driven before but really wanted her license.
Jack wanted to play basketball.
Amy was a cashier at Marshall's.
Franklin liked to steal items from people.
Janet got the mail on Thursday and noticed she received a letter.
Jimmy had been training for karate.
Bill often crafted custom bows for hunters.
My wife and I were trying to teach our two-year-old to walk.
Michelle was climbing out of the car.
There was a scared bird in a nest.
Lucy woke up in the morning and wanted to go out.
Gavin said that Emily was a bad cook.
Anna's uncle asked her out on his boat.
Derek went to the bar.
Rita was far away from home.
My friend challenged me to golf.
Two best friends decided to go camping.
Jon bought steaks to grill.
A boy was burning a big fire behind his house.
An old man was working in his garden one day.
I like a cool apartment.
I took my daughter to see The Nutcracker in 1995.
When I started the race, I was incredibly nervous.
Ron's doctor told him that he needs to exercise an hour every day.
Ben received a special soup from his mother.
Bob did not like his name.
Kelly was in her kitchen.
One day, I decided to make buttered buns.
Marco loves riding in the car with his family.
The gray clouds rolled through the sky.
Sandra was walking to the store.
Jen was meeting her boyfriend's family on Thanksgiving.
Tori wanted to make a new skirt.
Tim always wanted a new car.
I decided to buy new sketcher shoes at Academy.
Ava and Ari fought all the time.
Ben and his family invited a lot of family over for Christmas.
Red was celebrating his tenth wedding anniversary.
Amy's mom brought home boxes of Cracker Jack.
Whitey was a tiny chicken with a big heart.
I work in a store.
Yolanda was walking home from school.
When he went to the game, he thought everyone had new jerseys on.
Friday was the last day of Bob's Spirit Week.
John went on a camping trip with his brother Mark.
Shane and Emma had ordered some pizza.
I was sitting in the kitchen.
Ben and his wife hate their kitchen.
Yesterday Kelly went out to eat.
Yesterday, Greg woke up feeling ill.
Julia has been working with the same company for many Year's.
Wayne got cut from the basketball team his junior year.
It started to rain on the way to work.
Harvey and his family saved up money for a vacation.
Eloise dropped down to her knees.
Kevin made Peruvian style chicken at a stall in New York City.
The family went to the farm to find a Christmas tree.
I got passed on a promotion at work.
Alice woke up that morning to her dog, Tito, licking her face.
Joe always loved the horse races at his local track.
My girlfriend was expecting something nice for Valentine's Day.
I was invited to a halloween party for this weekend.
I was so excited to attend the rock concert last night.
The temperature got cold.
Charles didn't know, one time, if his mom was his biological mother.
Shannon used to be interested in Jay.
Anna always hated her big sister.
Rick was an older man with a large family.
My daughter was going to participate in her first program.
Francis drove to Chicago for a concert.
A little boy sick in a hospital worshiped a famous basketball player.
Ivan was from the Soviet Union.
Bill always liked music.
When Mary's husband died she was very lonely.
I was out walking by the river one night.
Jill was worried that her dusty keyboard would make her sick.
Gavin and his friends always enjoyed playing basketball at the park.
Sam was making homemade fries for the first time.
John always wanted to be a cop.
Marvin was a very lonely guy.
Gina's mother wouldn't allow her to keep a stray dog.
Lilly purchased the biggest turkey she could find.
Tom worked very hard all day.
Amy's morning coffee was wearing off.
Kate was excited to graduate.
We had good friends in our condo from 1993 to 1998.
Jerry had to work overtime on a Friday night.
Frank didn't want to hire Charles as a telemarketer.
George wanted the headphones that all of his friends were wearing.
One day Seth was walking down the street.
Sam wanted an open relationship with his girlfriend.
Jason had been waiting for the county fair all year.
Jordan and Alex were on a camping trip.
When Alex's parents go away for the weekend they put him in charge.
I met a girl in a club and danced all night.
Bob wanted to be a professional soccer player.
Tammy needed money badly.
Sarah couldn't squeeze another hanger in her closet.
When Amy was in college she dropped out of a Piano course.
Brad had a meeting at work.
The girl and her mom went to the pet store.
It was his fault that she had died.
My doctor was having a discussion with me.
Lily's dad saved money by giving his kids haircuts.
Fred was a professional chef who worked in a fancy restaurant.
Chuck and Andy had plans to see a movie together.
The kids wanted to do something special for Mother's Day.
Lenny and Sheila celebrated their 40th Anniversary by taking a trip.
Keesha and her family lived in Kansas.
John had a strong fear of the devil.
Chase was on a tight budget.
Gina had been out of town for 2 weeks at her grandmother's house.
Ben wore the colors of the Confederate Army.
Hank was at the rodeo Saturday.
Pam had a really messy house.
We went to Cleveland to see the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Lacy was never a vegetarian.
Manny was at the store with his mom.
Doug was stopped on the side of the road with a flat tire.
Inga was babysitting her nieces at her house.
Hannah decides to meet up with a guy from tinder.
Tim was tired of being bullied at school.
Lindsay loved biking.
Tom took his girlfriend out for her first fishing experience.
Sally is pregnant and a teenager.
One warm Summer night, Sue and Renee went for a kayak ride on the lake.
Greg needed to wake up for school.
Martha wanted to do something to help the environment.
Mike was at a burger restaurant.
I talked to my friend Fred's wife today.
Ashley asked the flight attendant for a cup of orange juice.
A group of people began to protest the local library.
Jennifer was trying to get some lunch.
Kim had an online diary that she wrote in daily.
Yesterday the pink iPhone came out.
Andrew needed money for a video game.
Ava found a tiny bird on the ground.
A girl was in line to ride a plane.
Kim really hated her job.
Carol was driving home.
Mike wrote a popular book and became a famous author.
I filled up the bird feeder in the yard.
Patrick was really depressed.
Rob asked Mary if she had locked the door numerous times.
There is a big bike race across Iowa.
Jenna gathered several ingredients in the kitchen.
Teresa invited her relatives over for dinner.
The old man was tired of work and wanted to go on vacation.
Tim loved green apples.
Megan was playing a videogame her friend had given her.
Tom had an argument with his mother.
A mom took her two kids to the park.
Amber wanted a dog for her birthday.
Taylor wanted to have blond hair.
Bryan loved to play in the woods.
Micah was working while his son ran around the house playing.
Bill's Ford truck gets a flat tire.
Nancy is in her forties and decided to go get her college degree.
Sam needed help to move a couch in his house.
Gina's friend wanted to see her brothers NWA tape.
Jake loved jumping everywhere.
Joyce was trying to learn a yoyo trick.
It was Sophie's first day of school.
My dog kept getting sick.
Jim had a week off from work.
Lorraine did not want to clean her room.
The homeless man found a dollar on the ground.
Henry asked me if he can borrow $300 dollars for a phone bill.
Barry loved to scavenge for young saplings in the forest.
Natalie was sitting at lunch with her friends.
Chef Red ordered too many onions by accident for the week.
Emily is on a budget with both her time and money today.
Ted loved eating meat.
Jerry was making his morning coffee.
I love to have sweets after lunch.
I used to work at a school.
Kimberly was the best student at her school.
My daughter is afraid to try new foods.
Tina's cat narrowly escaped a car accident.
Sam was always quiet and reserved.
Andy was afraid of going to the doctor.
The kid on the street wouldn't stop running.
Ana decided to take her toddler daughter to the grocery store.
Chuck was irritated by the length of the dog's nails.
Joseph decided that he was going to walk across the country.
Kelley wished she could draw a beautiful horse for her mother.
There is an island in the south called Ocracoke.
Loyd always wanted a treehouse.
I went to the boardwalk to play some games.
Wendy was sad about moving to a new town.
The bell for the next period rang.
I'm feeling very sad today.
Eugene was a drug addict.
Max was at the plate in a game of kickball.
Frida loves to bake from scratch.
Eliza was on vacation with cousins to Disney in Orlando.
Bob's friend AJ told him the dog park was a good place to meet girls.
Ronald went hiking with his dog this weekend.
Larry had never played golf before.
Sal didn't know how to read.
About a week ago I lost my job.
Tom was going to ask Ann to marry him.
Grace had been talking to Joe online for a few months.
Dan had been writing in Starbucks for the past few days.
Little Timmy loved making home movies.
Greg went out to take a walk.
Bill went to the library to check out a book.
Martha was in her living room.
Sue went to visit her grandma in a nursing home.
I was chosen to give an important speech to my class.
Sally decided to invest in Apple.
My grandma knitted a white tablecloth for my parents.
I had never been interested in learning to speak Russian.
Linda was a new mother.
It was a hot day out and Jake was running errands outside.
Lily comes home from school with math homework.
Richie's parents were gone for the weekend.
Greg was on webcam.
Chuck wanted to try a new, fancy French restaurant.
Amy recently had an interesting day.
Gene needed to get some food.
A homeless man approached my car.
MeGan tried her friend's doorbell but nothing happened.
Madison was washing the dishes.
David went to see SNL live last week.
Deb loved to eat tuna salad.
Kevin was feeling upset lately.
Matt was cleaning his house.
Billy and Rob were angry at each other over a proposed trade.
I sat my groceries on the kitchen counter.
I went to my backyard to ride on the swings.
Ferdy is at the poker game.
The group was walking by the sidewalk.
Bob walked down the street on a snowy afternoon, feeling rotten.
Jill was celebrating her 6th birthday.
Cindy had a guy friend.
ISIS kidnapped a woman's five year-old son.
Gina was chasing a boy around the class to get her pencil back.
Gerald was a great basketball player.
My wife and I got into an argument over dinner.
Beth decided to color her hair blonde at home.
Bethany was listening to some music in the car.
Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks.
We went to NYC to visit our granddaughter last year.
Gina had been battling acne for Years and tried so many products.
Chris was in a rush to open a bottle of wine.
Anthony responded to the job ad in the paper.
The lawn had to be mowed, so I went out to work.
Tess heard some sound coming from the kitchen.
Nell's gym teacher asked the class to do calisthenics.
Dan stayed up late playing video games.
My Dad was driving my friend and I to school.
Katie was really looking forward to her birthday.
Cierra loves her nieces and nephews.
Jenna was at the aquarium.
Tim went to a friends house.
I was raking the leaves in my front lawn with an old rake.
My flyer is getting ready to back handspring in the load in position.
Henry was driving to his reunion party.
Tito went surfing one morning in Hawaii.
The quarterback received the ball.
Lisa has been looking for something to do after school.
Joe wanted to learn how to breakdance.
Wyatt's hair was getting much too long.
Jake was getting wedded tomorrow.
Kyle needed $300 more this month to pay his rent.
Louise was in class one day.
Will entered into an art competition.
Joey always wanted a puppy of his very own.
Frank had a pet bird.
Dan and his brother Rob were playing with a Hot Wheels track.
Alex wanted a Nintendo system like his friend Rob.
Cal shivered in a t-shirt as the snow fell on him.
Tom thought he was an amazing chess player.
Tom decided to start working out this year.
My friends and I went to the A&P grocery store during a big sale.
It was snowing outside.
Jen was bored doing inventory at the warehouse so she made up numbers.
Stan's class is going on a field trip.
Sam can't sleep at night.
Joseph has been growing a beard for about a year.
One of the globe bulbs in Dan's bathroom went out.
Karen borrowed a book from her friend.
John was the only boy in his dance class.
Bob was always upset about his looks.
On a very cold day I grabbed a water bottle from my garage.
Every night I heard the same person practice their violin.
When Henry's mom came home, she started to arrange the house.
Allie wanted to ride her bike.
Driving down the road Dave saw flashing lights in his rearview mirror.
Amy was meeting Ben at the park.
Billy and jean were playing in the classroom.
Harry tried to prepare a fish casserole for the family.
The phone vibrated violently next to Matt.
It was getting cold outside and starting to snow.
Jared was hungry one day while on a walk.
Mary was very sick.
I don't usually listen to commercial Christmas music.
Sam decided to drink more water every day.
Stanley got extremely furious when there was no cooked food home.
Throughout his career Quin was always doubted.
Skip's family rented a beach house in Florida for a week.
Alan was the coach of a little league baseball team.
Frank was driving on a highway.
Gwen could not decide what to give her brother for his birthday.
I'll bring the lemonade and Jane can bring the cake.
Today was a leap day in a leap year.
Rachel bought two sweet guinea pigs.
Freddy had to wake up early today.
One of my favorite movies is the breakfast club.
Milly's class was learning about alternative medicine.
Nick and Tom were best friends.
Jane lost her card at the store.
I heard Horace my high school classmate married a celebrity.
I was afraid of things that are not scary.
June was cooking cornbread and realized that she was out of butter.
Henry's mother had a very fancy vase.
Alex has always avoided eating unfamiliar foods.
My mom asked for the car keys.
When Billy was five he went to the beach for the first time.
Our dog came from a rescue.
The boss told all of his employees to get together.
Andrew had a favorite band.
The man from the KGB climbed in through the balcony window.
Jim ran for his life away from the pledges.
Morgan wanted to make a cat bed for her cat.
Henry called Jeff ugly and pushed him into the trash.
Bill was looking forward to his paid time off vacation.
Carly ran to class to be on time.
A baseball team had a game scheduled for Easter Sunday.
Tim wanted to buy a gift for his friend.
Martin had a crush on Maybelline.
Rachel was about to eat some pancakes.
Jill was so excited that a cute boy had asked her to the prom!
Tavon was a sweet boy, but he was very lazy.
Lisa was at the grocery store.
Chaz and Molly had just had a baby.
Eric was not a good fisherman.
The girls packed up and went to the Spice Girls concert.
Jeff went to his boss to ask for his paycheck.
Margaret decided to bake a cake.
This morning I woke up very early to bake a cake.
Gina and Mary were feuding.
Carly had been afraid of storms her whole life.
Harry received a birthday gift from his grandma.
Anya was adopted from Russia.
One of Jeff's goals is to squat three hundred pounds.
The children wanted to make a fort.
Jim had a fever and he was feeling very weak.
I went to the river by my neighborhood.
Kate went into labor on Monday morning.
Cindy was tired.
I was in line to ride the Titan.
Amy wanted to start a Babysitters Club like in the books.
Jack hires Bill to promote the Grand Opening of his restaurant.
Kim and Beth had tickets for a tour at NBC studios.
Bob was cruising down the freeway.
A boy was walking through the woods.
Hank was invited to a friend's party.
Elizabeth was planning on painting her living room.
I was finishing up grocery shopping one day.
Alicia is 60 Year's old and has to use the bathroom often.
Bobby and Jim were hitting baseballs in Bobby's yard.
Jimmy and his father went fishing.
I played Monopoly with my kids last night.
Tammy loved to ride horses as a child.
Molly had fallen asleep with her hair in a bun.
I set out today to buy a christmas gift for my newborn Niece.
The teacher took her students on a field trip.
Three girls were swimming when they found a frog.
Mary's mom came home with more bananas than they could possibly eat.
Bill wanted to ask out John but Bill was shy.
The entire group of teens clambered into the raft.
Mavis was proud of the flower garden in the front of her home.
Savannah was competing in a beauty pageant.
Ed was down to his last $5.
Sam carried a two-headed coin he used to con people.
Ed decided to start living in a more environmentally friendly way.
I attended only one chess tournament in my life.
Billy was very scared to dance.
Dean woke up screaming, as always.
Jack bought a new book yesterday.
Anthony had been in trouble before, but nothing like this.
Robbie extorted the rich banker for millions.
Penelope was getting married.
Gina had brought a stray dog into the kitchen.
Jim decided to major in accounting in college.
The class was talking at a high volume.
My friend got into a car accident yesterday.
Jim burned CD's for extra cash.
Padraig was in Mongolia hunting for dragons.
Nate was failing a lot of classes.
Summer was ending, and school was starting soon.
Ben played basketball with his friends.
Susan thought about the weekend.
Dan hadn't been to Jake's house in a week.
Jason wants to add excitement to his life.
Bob was not an honest man.
I stupidly decided to take off my screen protector yesterday.
A woman kept hearing a buzzing sound.
Sally decided it was time for lunch.
Jay went to put his pants to get ready for work.
Kim accidentally took her Dad's lunch to school instead of her own.
Robin envied a classmate who seemed to have everything.
Whitney had gone all year without breaking a phone.
Sarah liked a guy named Saul.
My grandmother passed away from cancer when I was 28.
Beth's grandfather was in the hospital.
Lucy was nervous about the Prom because she didn't have a date.
Kelly took her sled to the top of the snow-covered hill in the park.
Kim was nearly finished cooking when she put the bread in the oven.
Jill's friend set her up on a blind date.
Cindy awoke in panic when she realized that she was late for work.
Jane was sitting on a bench at the park.
Jim bought a safe to hold all his guns.
Steve asked his girlfriend if she would have an open relationship.
During a typical meeting I was sitting in a wooden chair.
I played in a fantasy baseball league this year with some friends.
Shawn was obsessed with flying.
Russ is the boss at his company and has ten employees under him.
Lily came home from work.
Ben was always too shy to be involved at school.
Horace has been living in an expensive apartment for two Year's.
Edna wanted her grown son to get married.
When Stu turned 16, all he wanted was a car.
Rachel was pregnant.
When I was young, my friend bought me a Ouija board.
Two friends got together to make a secret handshake.
Adrian badly needed money.
Tom and I went fishing at the creek.
Don was ready for his lunch break from working at the office.
Gina's cousin Lucy was at her house visiting.
I asked my brother to play golf when I was young.
Tim grew up working on cars.
Jane and her family were staying at a fancy resort while on vacation.
My mom went into the kitchen to prepare coffee.
Norma realizes that she doesn't eat vegetables very much.
Jim's cat would not stop meowing.
Two years ago I took in a foster child, a 7 year old boy.
Pat took his wife out to dinner for their anniversary.
I love to go to the movies, I try to go every weekend.
Clint and Tabatha walked the aisle, preparing for what was to come.
Ed lived in Kansas.
Amy was on a canoe trip.
Alex was walking to work one morning.
Phil wanted to do something to help the environment.
Jesse had completed a survey on Mturk.
Mary woke up with a toothache.
I baked a chocolate cake for my daughter on her first birthday.
Janice was laying in bed one night.
Omar was disappointed with how slow he could run a mile.
Laura grew up in a house in the woods.
When we open our hamster cage she crawls out.
Justin wanted to throw a holiday party.
Samson loved to watch his favorite celebrity's performances.
Morgan was a candlemaker by trade.
I was in line at the cinema.
Gary was mowing his lawn.
My big dog is so afraid of storms.
Last night I could not find my great grandmother's diamond ring.
Peter really wanted a new bicycle, but didn't have the money.
Monica had just made a pot of rice.
Two friends were in a heated game of checkers.
Amanda bought fabric for a craft project.
Today I was cleaning my new tent with a broom.
Tara wanted to make her friend happy.
On a warm spring day I was out for a drive with the windows down.
Jane and Jim had a fun first date.
Ted is on a non-stop plane ride to Italy.
Michelle and her friends set up a blanket outside to look at stars.
John and his friends wanted to go fishing but didn't own a boat.
Bret knew tie dye shirts were in style.
Fred is trying to bulk up with some muscle.
Sara felt pressured to gain weight.
Donna was late to her hospital job.
Aly was in charge of cooking the family's Thanksgiving turkey.
Joey was wearing his lucky socks.
Pastor Brown lived next door.
John has been working as a chef for many Year's.
Ida was American but of Indian descent.
Del wanted to visit Canada.
Greg was with his dad at a baseball game.
My alarm clock rang at 7:30 AM.
Kelly had been invited to homecoming!
Tim bought a kit for a kite from the craft store.
I had a great time on my birthday, with emails and cards from friends.
Ray and Tina were at the mall.
Shana's friend Amy was getting married.
Bob was doing the laundry.
Jill hires her best friend.
Yesterday there was a massive snowstorm.
Matt was driving on a street.
I went to visit my sister who lived in a neighborhood on a hill.
Marshall had always wanted his own pet.
Simon had a bad habit of procrastinating when it came to laundry.
Jimmy was always exploring the country.
Sara had a beautiful princess costume for Halloween.
Jane had been hiding tofu in her family's food for a week.
Julie worked at a diner.
Ben needed a place to store his tools but had no money.
The deer in the field show up every year.
Kelly and her friends decided to go for a drive.
Mike and John always played golf.
I was building a chair.
Bill was not having much success in life.
Ed had just received his first paycheck.
Television is a scary thing.
The Baker children went running in the woods.
Mike noticed it was raining outside.
Tim wanted to meet a nice girl to date.
Jon had no friends.
Lucy was staying at her grandparents for the summer.
Mila hated seeing mirror.
I recently got a motorcycle.
I was talking to my girlfriend and some girls came by.
Ned left the bar one night, tipsy and tired.
As Sue got on the plane, she began to get nervous.
Jack poured water into the pot.
Two friends met to exchange christmas gifts.
Molly recently moved from California to Georgia.
Beckett was a hungry little boy.
Noah was hungry, and he really wanted pizza.
Julia gave us a piece of cake tonight.
Tim thought he saw a ghost the first night in his new apartment.
Linda was sketching in public.
I sent flowers and a big cookie to my wife for V Day.
Rachel needed to borrow a pen.
Finley, the dog, jumped up barking.
One evening, on his way home from work, David ran over a dead skunk.
Ned was a car guy.
Neil had seen Denmark, so he thought Sweden would be similar.
The driver tried to make a large turn on the highway.
Lis was a great football player.
A woman ordered a chair online.
Susan always felt alone.
My wife does daily massages.
Grandpa had a massive cigar collection.
Jon worked for minimum wage.
The spy was on a mission.
Gina's mom caught her yelling out the window on the 2nd floor.
Erica's 2nd grade class had a reading challenge this year.
Amy had just started her new job.
Gina washed her dad's car to his specifications.
Frank wanted to go hunting with his best friend Garry.
We were all hungry for dinner.
I passed a note to a girl I liked in my class.
The party wasn't completely boring.
Sheila and her husband were expecting their fourth child.
It was Amy's last day in Los Angeles.
My daughter asked me to take her to the circus.
Stan wears eye glasses.
Herb had finally allowed his children to get a puppy.
Our group was given a map with instructions.
Edward was a professional football player.
Gina had 3 books on dolphins from her library.
Last week I got a new cat.
Jon wanted to know more about birds, so he went to the library.
A man was working in the field before dawn.
Clayton is an actor.
Brooke gets angry easily at work.
Bob loved to fish in the ocean.
Tom wanted to do something exciting.
Nina went to the beach.
Lenore knew her son Tim wanted a puppy for Christmas.
I was very religious.
Paula wanted a new pair of dress shoes.
It was 10 AM before Amy realized she hadn't had breakfast.
Elise was trying to make some tea in the microwave.
Tom really loved to play challenging video games.
Rob's family went out to dinner when his cartoon was on the air.
Susan was in her math class.
The Smiths went on a family picnic.
The road was filled with traffic.
Manny was driving down the street when he saw a car wreck.
My wife and I had dinner with former coworkers a month ago.
When Nancy sneezed, her right ear started to burn.
Amy had Advisory for her first class of the day.
Mark was very political.
Kelsi was having her sweet sixteen.
I couldn't sleep and was tossing and turning all night.
I have building a monster truck.
Samantha is a drummer.
Margaret was at her family cabin.
Pablo was made fun of at school.
While in Brazil, John want to see the banana plantations.
Fig's little brother was scared to sleep alone.
I always wanted a pet.
On a hot July day, Jeff opened up a lemonade stand.
Alia drank tea quite often during the week at work.
It was the day off the big game.
Kelly decided to try out for a game show.
Bob sat around all day.
Veronica loved everything about the desert biome.
Ben had smoked cigarettes for years.
Bryce found a cat near his house.
Tom needed a new pair of socks.
There was a terrible thunderstorm in Bob's town.
Lena got 4 inch heels to wear to prom.
We had cats in our workplace.
Jenna was about to merge lanes.
Gina needed to get into her locked house.
Bob was an unskilled construction laborer.
A church had a pipe organ that no one had played in years.
Bo found a bag of money on a park bench and held it close.
Our dog, Brody, needed some vaccinations we realized on Monday.
Amy and a co-worker were on their lunch break.
George found an old trombone in the basement.
Jake was at the park.
Pip wanted to throw a pretend parade in his yard.
Sam went to the beach with his brother.
Paul realizes he is almost out of shampoo one day in the shower.
Quentin realizes he has very little food left at home.
Amanda had a sleepover with her friends.
Katie and John were playing a board game.
I went out one night while staying at a hostel in Miami.
Janet's friend Mary had a birthday coming up.
Marissa had been hearing about a new show all week.
My tire went flat on the freeway.
I wanted to sell jewelry online.
My friend Tony bought a drone.
Nick and his friend John were eating lunch at work.
Steven did not eat at any restaurant where they served Pepsi.
Ann's friend made her a twenty dollar bet.
My son and I were out hiking.
My daughter bought me a Holga camera for Christmas.
When Jen is 10 years old she wants to wear makeup.
Today is Jon's first day at school.
Sally's phone was broken.
Julie looked around her house at the stacks of books.
Becky made some fresh coffee.
The family packed their belongings and started to depart on their trip.
Kai's mom invited him to a movie.
Jason takes a trip to Maine.
James had trouble getting out of bed.
Charles' life was considered a wreck.
Jill hadn't seen her friends in a while.
Sara's school was having a parade.
Jerry wanted to do stand-up at an open mic night.
Morgan collected comic books.
Lily was freaking out due to her large chemistry exam tomorrow.
Gina's just discovered refrigerated cookie dough.
Ben had been playing video games all day.
Martha was very excited to get her very first cell phone today.
Ryan was getting married on Sunday.
I always wondered why I loved wearing wigs.
I was practicing Korean during the afternoon.
Harry was playing with his baby cousin.
Daddy brought home a tree house today.
Greg rode his bike down a curvy road.
Jim was on a camping trip.
About an hour ago, I was driving in downtown DC.
Kevin decided to bet his entire paycheck on a college basketball game.
Joey knew he was better at basketball than Jeff.
My husband and I have been itching bug bites like crazy.
Ray wanted to be a doctor.
My sociology class took a very important test.
Edith wanted to buy a new pair of earrings.
Jake wanted to do something good.
Desmond and Alexis are brother and sister.
Katie had let her kitchen get pretty messy.
Anna won a pair of tickets for a cruise.
Jonas noticed that all his friends enjoyed hunting.
Joe had been talking to Nan about going to the dance.
Greg had a problem.
Mary's cat keeps grooming her nails on the couch.
Kay wanted to save money to give her kids a nice Christmas.
Little Marina was turning 6 and had a birthday wish.
I saw an old friend today.
Gina was on a road trip with her family.
Cameron loved to surf, but his broken leg meant he couldn't for now.
Ashley wanted her best friend's boyfriend.
I work at a radio station.
Tom was having a music video for his band.
Neil had seen many countries in the Middle East.
Carol loved to bake cakes.
Lucy's grandma was taking her to a doctor.
Billy always had a way with exaggerating.
The radio show host asked his audience for requests for the next song.
India was recalling some of her childhood memories.
Ira went to the store to buy something to eat.
Jake had just moved into his college dorm.
Bill was recently invited to the movies with a coworker.
I was feeling very social one day.
Francis was very hungry for some cheese.
Tad's parents told him they were bringing him home a puppy!
Sally drives everyday to work.
Jim just graduated from the police academy!
Janet bought a birthday cake for her coworker.
Anthony was in class one day and really needed to fart.
Tim was scared when he got a bike without training wheels.
Nikki wanted to make pizza at home.
Max spent the day raking leaves.
My kitten, Scramble, began playing in the kitchen.
Jim asked Brooke if they can go out.
Gerry found life difficult after she lost her hand in an accident.
Gina had been joking with a man at a restaurant.
My son wanted to get a puppy.
Cara woke up extra early today.
Jose was enjoying watching a television show on his phone.
Lee was a movie buff.
Last night I was going to watch top chef.
My ears were becoming very dirty.
When Kelly go home from school she smelled something bad.
Bob was at a music concert.
Rita and Katie were looking for the moon.
Ricki signed up to take lifeguarding class to help her pool.
Ada's radio broke one day.
Bill saved up a lot of money to buy a new computer.
Marsha washed the newly bought red shirt in with other laundry.
Winter had arrived.
Chad was attending a black tie event at his boss's house.
Kelly opened up a gift from her grandmother.
Pat and Tim were eating fudge pops.
As Nell waded in the lake, she saw a beautiful stone on the bottom.
Karen was going to first grade.
Chris was out hiking at night.
Sam loved to smoke his meat with his favorite smoker.
I decided to get some lunch.
Mark thought he was a great guitar player.
I had been wanting a new laptop for a while.
I had lunch with my coworkers today.
Josh was going to the rodeo.
The new Windows phone was coming out.
Jay went to his friends house for christmas.
Earl wanted to bake a batch of soft cookies.
There was a shootout a few minutes ago.
A man walked up to a garage sale with $20 in his pocket.
Sam wanted to learn how to read.
Max awoke one night to the smell of smoke.
Jill was the building manager of her apartment.
Ken went to his friend's house for dinner.
Sam wanted to fly a kite.
Jesse had a very old computer.
The girls decided to go get pedicures.
My son and I drove to the shelter to adopt a new cat.
We bought a vcr in 2014.
Pete walked down the hall eating ice cream.
Jamie and Candice were going on a date.
Marcus bought a home.
Kathy and Walt always wanted to have a girl.
Tim got a job at the local burger place.
Jake helped his girlfriend deal with her dying mother.
Ada's school was passing out Valentines.
Fiona was worried about her husband.
Sam liked to sit indoors playing video games.
Brad got up early and dressed in his usual suit and tie.
Jane had a birthday party for her son.
Mitch went to the art gallery to look at a friend's artwork.
Emil was traveling in India and became thirsty.
I went outside to shovel snow this morning.
Chuck is an amature body builder and is huge!
I hate fish!
Gina forgot her key at home.
Last week Jenny took her driver's test.
Every Christmas, Clark and Ellen had a party.
The Trumps volunteered to house a young refugee girl.
We had a museum poster on our wall for Years.
Today is Jack's birthday!
Columbus wanted to find a route to India.
Kelly had been with Tim for three months.
Travis was supposed to go cycling, but it just started raining.
John wanted chocolate for Christmas.
Jes was 49 when she pursued her lifelong dream of finishing college.
Aiden always hated his name.
Gina's car door was frozen shut.
Tegan just arrived at Disneyland with his two daughters.
Suzie drew scattered lines across the paper, seemingly randomly.
Jay looked out the window in November.
A man invented the world's best water pistol.
Tom and Liz had been dating for 5 months.
Lucas was playing basketball with his friend.
Chad put up 3 tents.
Miss Haring noticed Mikey drawing in class and walked over to him.
Last year Joe was an inch too short to ride the big roller coaster.
Day really wanted a new bike.
Yan had a chimney that needed cleaning.
Fran loved her earbuds but they just broke.
Charlie was into rapping.
Sam needed to do well on his quiz.
Rod was taking his math exam.
Dan has worn the same pair of boots for almost 20 Years.
We ate at an Italian restaurant.
Victoria was learning to draw a face.
Amy was driving to work one day.
Todd and Bob planned a ski trip.
Cal wanted to trade her animal pelts.
Dan was digging in his yard to put in an extension to his home.
Lucy was at her grandparents when she got lost.
Jenna decided to start a diary.
Dorothy realized that she had forgotten her friend's birthday.
Tim was very picky when it came to food.
Charles was one of the best rappers alive.
I decided to learn how to cook.
Leon always had trouble remembering important dates.
Emma needed a haircut.
Tom got up early and got ready for his day.
George was hungry.
My friend Frank called me this afternoon.
Jen was taking a shower when she heard a noise from the drain.
Last night I planned to make hamburgers.
Anna was in a hurry to get to her job in a big city.
Sarah and her friends were about to go to different colleges.
Sasha and her best friend knew each other for Years.
Kelly had lost her baby and took it very hard.
Ashley was on a train headed to Chicago.
Larry had a bad habit of biting his fingernails.
I placed my bait in the water.
Paul donned his fire suit and gathered his tools.
I wanted a new haircut.
I wrote an essay about my friend Harry.
Lauren has just moved into a new home.
Fred needs a blazer for a special event that his friends are planning.
Zach told Troy he would never be able to drive a ball over 300 yards.
Khloe decided to have friends over for a drink night.
Peter had bought his dad a watch for Christmas.
Hilda was doing the laundry.
Yuri shoved his boat from the dock.
Jake wanted to eat pizza for dinner.
Bianca had a very bad cold.
Angela married the man of her dreams.
Rick's neighbors moved away.
Samantha wanted to get a brand new TV.
Amy couldn't cook.
I loved animals and lived with 6 cats and a dog.
Sally wanted to move to a new city.
The finch flew low across the street.
Ted and Sue only had one car.
One summer I decided to go see my best friend at his new home.
Roy was a pilot for a major airline.
Mary's family was from New Zealand.
The host came to the stage.
Dylan was playing for his high school's basketball team.
Cam was walking his dog one day when they had some trouble.
Ashley wanted some pizza.
Bob was shopping at the mall.
Tom was with his friends.
I have a lizard named Tocca.
Maya was walking alongside a river, looking for frogs.
Gina was hiking in the woods.
John decided he would make all his decisions by flipping a coin.
There was this guy named Bob.
Rhonda's teacher asked the students to draw their families.
Caroline decided to take a surfing class at the beach.
Tom was a high school basketball player.
Angela used to work for an insurance office but the office closed.
Tim is my chess partner.
Howard did not want to go to school.
The teacher handed out a sheet of paper to everyone.
Charles was forty one years.
A better stood on the street looking for money.
Prima was very old fashioned.
Sammy had recently inherited a large sum of money.
Audrey had been writing his novel for months, but couldn't finish it.
My mom told me not to snack before dinner.
Kim was trying to watch television.
We all went to the store.
Kim took a probiotic for digestion everyday.
Tia wanted to make a dress.
Mitch stood by the stage and waited for his cue to raise the curtain.
Emily was asleep in bed.
Ali's class was on a bus headed for the museum.
Sally needed quarters.
Sally and Charlie hardly ever agree.
Ty needed some extra cash.
January disliked her name.
I kept cold drafts out this winter by covering the windows.
Howard was playing baseball with his team.
Ted has a ritual that he follows every night before he goes to bed.
Ginger was in her bathroom washing her hands.
Each year, Amy's mom ordered winter coats from a catalog.
I wanted to take my dog to a dog park today.
I went shopping with my grandmother today.
Ricky was a fantastic musician.
I tried to give up soda.
One night I came home and heard strange noises in my apartment.
Silas had big dream of being famous.
Stella loved to cook, but was not always attentive.
We entered the voting place during the primaries.
Martin loved Gina.
Gray had a lot of toys, but his favorite was his bouncing ball.
Dana always wanted to ride a bike.
Jim was getting ready for school.
The teacher was going over a new section in class.
Ryder is a playful pup.
Billy was a star basketball player.
In the jazz club, the trumpet player walked on stage.
Paul woke up and felt cold.
Grace was faced with a small dilemma.
I love my husband but sometimes I wonder why I married him.
I was driving a truck.
When I was in high school we had a substitute teacher.
Jason was on a date at a restaurant.
Joe could not remember his address.
I lost my coat on the playground.
I made a warm scarf for my mom.
Mom woke Ryan up and told him there was no school today.
Henry left a box of salted crackers on top of the table.
Jake lived with a roommate who stole from him.
I was asleep when my two year old ran into the room panicking.
Maria always found cards when she went walking on the streets of NYC.
Ian needs a warm pair of gloves for his first winter in Vermont.
Tom had been feeling something sore in his mouth all day.
Cade is not doing good in school.
I got a new puppy last week named Lily.
The principal tried to make wearing school uniforms a requirement.
Liam wanted a new video game.
Mommy woke up yesterday not feeling well.
I used to think marriage was the best thing since ice cream.
Kim loved to ride the Bannister like she saw on TV.
Working at an animal shelter, Amy met a dog rescued from a puppy mill.
I made grilled cheese sandwiches for supper.
Jane has been unemployed for Years.
My friend came to my house and asked to charge his phone.
Brent was in love with joanna.
Christine was looking into a Christmas tree.
Sandra didn't want to hear that she was crazy.
Jayson was playing in his first soccer game this season.
In my neighborhood there is a lot of children usually playing.
Bob was looking through his closet one day, when he saw a pair of shoes.
Bay was upset.
Amy and Beth were excited about going to the Sadie Hawkins dance.
Jennifer was kayaking on the White River.
Tim was playing in his room.
Marty always liked Christmas time because she collects angels.
My boss asked me to find the mean value of a data set.
Alex believes that god is real.
Leah loved fireflies.
Mike had to pass a test to get the job he wanted.
When I was little I loved climbing.
Andy's loves to hike.
Julius was tired of waking up to his noisy neighbors.
Emma needed a taxi from her hotel.
Barb wanted to become a hair stylist.
Venita used to love her job.
Amy and her friends were on a high.
Jane really did not like golf.
Ben had a new kite.
I needed to lose weight.
Eric handed out the tests to his eighth grade class.
Joe was typing an essay for class.
Nick was at the club and drank a bit too much.
Josh was waiting all day for an all you can eat buffet dinner.
Lee was trying to teach his mom how to use a computer.
It was Mary's first day of preschool.
Laura went to a video rental store.
Sam was swimming at the pool.
Oliver had made the turkey for Thanksgiving dinner.
Bruce came into the party.
Bob wanted to take his daughter out for ice cream.
Saul was new to the neighborhood.
Joe took his clothes out of the wash.
I invited my two male friends over to fix my car.
I decided to go shopping for a new purse.
Sara's favorite band was playing in town.
Billy was stuck at the table again.
Rose wanted to see New York City.
I like to repair old computers.
Jill was hosting a New Year's Eve party.
Jamie was at the store.
The nurse took Jared's vital signs first.
Brian's wife had 100 pairs of shoes.
Kelly was so excited to go to SUR restaurant for the first time.
Mike took out his cookbook.
Jimmy was fishing with his father.
Tom was baking cookies in the oven.
My son plays hockey for his college.
Year's ago I got an ear infection.
Lynsey did not try very hard at her studies.
Gina was on the phone with her friend Drea.
Craig wanted to get in better shape.
I found out that I have mild hypertension.
Yesterday I went to the town fair.
Francine attends a cookout with friends one weekend.
Darla is an accountant.
Heather stole Ryan's phone.
Alex just bought a new house!
Tim had bad luck with basketball.
Liam and his fiancee Valerie were planning their wedding.
Hari loved listening to music.
Bryan was trying to do his homework, but his dogs were barking.
Kevin took his two sons to a park in Hawthorne.
Angel had a bad day at work and did not want to cook.
Larry never had seen snow in his entire life.
Long ago, humans were hunter-gatherers.
Katie needed to cross the street by herself.
We went to the beach today.
Our safari included a hot-air balloon trip.
Lindsay went to the doctor for stomach pains.
It was the season premiere of jack's favorite show.
Alai had to file his taxes.
My mom was trying to reach for the remote on the desk.
The principle was giving an award.
My glasses were broken.
April observed the crab on the beach mindfully.
Molly was thrilled to see a lady in a mermaid suit in an aquarium.
Andy only had rolled oats to eat at his house.
A boy's CD was skipping.
Anna was hunting in the woods.
Thanksgiving is usually ok.
Arnold was a little boy who loved to eat cake.
Steven really liked Janie who was on the track team.
The bus came to my stop.
Sara looked in the mirror and she was unhappy.
When Jayne was in school she had a yellow walkman that she loved.
Joe is in the Army.
Kate wanted to learn archery.
Joey loves poker.
Ella woke up in the middle of the night.
I always wanted to have a pet.
Tina had a beautiful singing voice.
Our son-in-law dropped our keys.
Bill visited the local zoo.
Amy was no longer friends with Erin and Sara.
Amanda got home one night and was very tired.
My family was preparing beef soup for the entire family.
Brad build a bomb shelter when the war broke out.
Rita went swimming in the beach.
Joe went out to eat at a restaurant.
The chef was cooking several beef strips.
Tom wanted to learn to bowl.
Mary loves to buy ice cream from the Ice Cream Truck.
In fifth grade I got stung by a bee.
Mary needed to borrow her boyfriend's credit card.
Aaron and Maddie were walking through the park.
Ryan was insecure about his intelligence.
Amy loved salad.
Mike and Jerry had a lot of energy and wanted to do something.
Sam was excited to get his car washed.
Erin was sad because he failed his math class.
We decided to work with a builder for a new house.
Janie's sister asked her family to meet her at the arena.
Don liked being powerful.
Tess wanted to improve her ranking on her tennis team.
Chad is an avid bow hunter.
The family took a vacation to Africa to take a safari trip.
Deedee was looking for a comfortable home.
Clark was notorious for being easy to anger.
Carl went to a neighborhood restaurant for brunch.
Tom heard a scratching noise coming from the attic.
This morning, Steve dropped his toothbrush on the ground.
Allison and Jesse were fighting.
The Samson's adopted a puppy.
Jerome entered himself into a chili cook off.
Henry was always known as a very nice man.
In sixth grade I hit puberty.
Tom listened to music his whole life.
I had just made a pot of coffee.
My kids always wanted a dog.
Anne likes to play sports and is very competitive.
Herman needed money.
A bird flew in the sky and landed on a tree by my house.
Mel loved candy canes.
I adopted two dogs a few Year's ago, a male and a female.
Helen wanted to be a dancer.
My cat loves getting treats.
Lucy and her grandpa wanted to see a movie.
Janet was hungry for lunch.
Byron thought it was time to retire.
Nova dreamed of being a professional dancer.
Jack fumed and stomped into the office.
Nala met a cute guy at the mall.
Linda has been having problems with her sixteen year old daughter.
Eddie put a container of milk on the counter.
Janet planned on taking a long hike with some friends.
Anita went inside her bank expecting to make a withdraw.
Mary started her day off with a small bowl of cereal.
Tim was a fan of history.
Lisa was making dinner for her parents.
Sandy was eating a bag of chips.
Jenn came home from work for her lunch hour.
Fred is responsible for finding a venue for his wedding.
Remy was always good at playing soccer.
Ed challenged his friends to a softball game.
Jason heard a knock at his door.
Neil was about to leave India.
Ava fell asleep while smoking a cigarette.
Chris always loved to paint.
I was in my car driving to see a friend.
Chuck has had a cold for a week now and doesn't feel well.
I ordered a pizza.
Aria went out with her friends, dancing and drinking.
Sharon's family rented a cabin to go skiing.
I challenged my friend to a competition online.
It was Sam's day off from work.
June decided to take her children to visit a neighboring farm.
Nellie decided to keep a diary.
Ani's brother had his two kids taken away from him by CPS.
Sadie was excited.
Josh bought a parrot as a pet.
Kyle went skydiving.
Jill loved to play soccer.
I schedule a doctor's appointment to remove a mole.
Patty had a traffic ticket.
It was my freshman year of college.
Anna was traveling in a foreign city.
Tin wrote a great poem in English class.
Bob wanted to buy a diamond ring for his girlfriend.
The television narrator explained what Congress done this year.
Jim wants to see an action movie but Jen wants to see a romantic one.
Today is Christmas Eve.
Clara never beat her brother at Chess.
Barbara boarded the plane, drumming her fingers nervously on her bag.
My name was Bob.
Doris was an elderly woman who was loved by all who knew her.
Mark was learning lines for the role of a lunatic in an upcoming play.
Jerry wanted to become an olympic gymnast.
Freda wants to try painting her nails a new color.
Jake's new neighbor brought with him three large dogs.
Josh wanted a hoverboard for Christmas.
I worked at an elementary school in Hawaii.
Hannah told a lot of lies.
Winston was going on a vacation to Mexico.
Annie takes a walk.
Bob is extremely sick and thinks he has the flu.
Laney was chatting with some friends at the store.
Jared was politing a large jumbo jet one day.
Gina had thrown a book at a boy in her class.
Oswald decided to buy a house in the country.
A man drove his car on the road when his phone rang.
Joe killed Wayne.
My family was moving to a new city.
The teacher told the class to start their persuasive Essay.
Eva wanted to talk to the new girl in school.
Martha was hosting a dinner for her family.
Jacob is being bullied in school by Derek.
Joe and Jane were two candidates for a job.
Gina was watching the new sci-fi show at her uncle's house.
Bernie is running for president.
Last week I bought a new keyboard for my iPad.
Today is our school's talent show.
Sherman prided himself on never having any cavities.
Kim was a CIA agent who felt sorry for a guy she had to spy on.
Jan cut her finger while chopping food.
Joann was making lemon cupcakes.
Sally saw her neighbor outside standing by a tree in his yard.
The Waltons lost their house in a storm last month.
Sade caught the bus for the first time.
Sally went to mountains.
Rich developed a weird lesion on his lower arm.
Rick needed to buy new clothes.
Wendy loved to cook, but had no money.
Matt was a wealthy doctor, but he was quite lonely.
Charles heard a while back, the secret to life was letting go.
A group of friends and I went to a corn maize.
Brad checked his email multiple times a day.
Dan's class was in the library at school.
The alarm bell rang in the firehouse.
I was very, very tired.
Ike went down to the playground.
Gwen sat down to teach her son how to use scissors.
I bought a book for my friend Joe.
As a child, I was obsessed with Rainbow Brite.
Dominique was taking swimming lessons.
My friends and I decided to drive to a music festival 3 hours away.
Lisa tried online dating.
Kyle woke up late for school one day.
Stephanie always wanted to get the best scoop.
Roger was always suspicious of everything.
Rob's mom wouldn't let him play Contra on his Nintendo.
Tom was driving through his city.
Trevor went to the lake one day to fish.
Harrison needed to take his trash out of his kitchen.
Maddy had never tried coffee before.
Today I went skiing.
Tom started dating his coworker Ariana.
Anna received a big box of chocolates for Valentine's Day.
Jane had been trying to get pregnant for around two years now.
Bob gets ready to leave.
Lee's yard was in terrible shape.
Jason has always wondered what he would look like with a mustache.
Ziggy the dog is a picky eater.
Jared started hanging out with the wrong crowd lately.
Ivy's pregnancy was going well.
Peter want fishing along the lake.
I've set a goal to lose thirty pounds by the end of June.
Jim's neighbor was an older lady who had suffered a stroke.
Eddie was in the kitchen trying to make the next great wing sauce.
On the bus it was very crowded.
Brad was out on his boat on the lake one day.
Sam was very nervous.
Charles was 14-years-old and in too much trouble with his mom.
A sign painter was hired for work at a fine dining restaurant.
I adopted a dog.
Alicia Keys is a very talented r&b music artist.
Leila went on safari in Africa.
Tyler was expecting an important package.
Jennifer was always feeling dizzy at work.
Bella thought she'd never turn sixteen.
Kelly and her friends went on a trip to Dubai.
Tony saw a movie he thought was funny.
Shy wanted to be a mommy very badly.
This year, Jody would be cooking Thanksgiving dinner by herself.
When I heard training was cancelled it was bittersweet news to me.
My best friend went to work as she normally does.
Ryan just got back from the video game story.
Tim was having a party at his house.
Henry couldn't wait for Sunday nights when his favorite show was on.
When I was sixteen I ran away from home.
My friend Tim is helping his daughter Tina out.
Leila wanted to buy a new car.
Jennifer found a pair of boots she absolutely loved.
Jack floored the gas and tried to cut in traffic.
Amy met Jane at a family reunion.
Kate threw a frisbee to her dog.
Jenna decided to dye her hair blue.
A bank manager stood in his office reading reports.
I threw the whole wheat bread into the toaster.
Bill accidentally left the lights of his car on overnight.
Ro loved her favorite blue sweater.
I was in plays my entire young adult life.
Daniel loved his girlfriend Delilah.
Eric's dad had a cup of coffee every morning.
Erica was bored.
Mike loved planes, and he talked about them often.
Anna wanted to save enough money for a new car.
Joe was in his first semester at college.
A young troubled man with a tough life went to prison.
Leslie woke up to a yard covered in snow.
John felt like life had no meaning.
Tom bought a foreclosed townhouse.
Millie was determined to make cupcakes.
There was a house that was painted red and stood on a hill.
Gina couldn't sleep due to a loud noise.
Alex and his son Cole walked to the theater to watch a movie.
We visited Philadelphia in 2005.
I liked Will Smith, the actor, when he was a young battle rapper.
The nurse went to the clinic knowing it was going to be a bad day.
Bob began to lay tile in his bathroom as a part of remodeling.
Will like to play Jesse in Madden.
Nina really wanted Italian food for dinner.
It was a really cold day outside.
Jason and his friends entered Fenway Park excited for their first game.
Matt and Sarah were pregnant.
Pedro went to feed his dog, Rufus but couldn't find him anywhere.
Sam loved Halloween.
Mandy was celebrating Christmas.
Rob was excited about his new Sega Genesis.
Harry was walking down the street to get to his favorite restaurant.
Amy went to get frozen yogurt on her break.
Laura wanted to play flute.
The team had done well all season.
Li wanted to give meaningful Christmas gifts to her relatives.
George owned a banana stand in the middle of town.
Cay really wanted to be an author.
Alex was bored in his room while he was grounded.
Roxy has never lost in a video game before.
Tim liked football.
Steve was furious when he saw his car.
A man hired a contractor to make him a cement walkway.
Robin was walking to the store.
Henry noticed that his pond was very messy and needed to be cleaned.
My doctor said my zinc levels were low.
At Thanksgiving, the adults had bottles of champagne at their tables.
Whenever I talk on the phone my toddler gets very sneaky.
We had a lot of cookouts in front of our condo building.
My friends and I went to the salt plains.
It was time for the annual chili cookoff.
Mimi got a skateboard and kneepads for her birthday.
My brother does our taxes this year.
Tony had a faithful dog.
Richie didn't have his morning coffee.
Karen went to a casino to play poker.
Katy loved her new phone.
A man tried many methods to improve his college exam scores.
Sean was walking through the park.
Diane loved singing in front of people.
Jamie is working to be a banker.
I was bored on the internet.
Cosmo was a pudgy cat.
Bernadette has a very playful cat.
Kelly and her friend went to the river with their kayaks.
Due to my terrible incidents with phone droppings, I needed a case.
I was laying in bed last night.
An in law gave us a Yankee candle for Christmas.
Lana is learning to walk.
Cindy was mad at her puppy.
Mary and Tom drove two hours to the lake.
Troy bet Willie he couldn't do a hundred push-ups.
Susan went for a morning job.
Luke decided it was time to get a haircut.
My ice hockey team went to the championship game.
Ash's writing instructor handed out a new assignment.
Felix was playing in the school playground.
Dan shivered because he was cold.
A cat was stuck in a tree.
Bill wouldn't stop playing violent video games around his son.
My son told me about making a little extra money in my spare time.
Jane loved Kaboom cereal as a kid.
Lenny always wears shorts in the winter.
Finn's mom and dad had been separated for a while.
Sally had work later tonight.
Sam agreed to make a painting for his sister.
I loved to make my wife laugh.
John couldn't wait to get to the ball game.
Joe ordered a dining room set off of the internet for his wife.
In a tie basketball game, Nate knew he needed to win it.
My mom told me that she didn't have any money to buy food.
Tom was playing kickball with his friends.
Tyrone hated to do the dishes.
When the Anthony reunion invitations went out, everyone came.
Samantha had a shelf full of books in her bedroom.
Ally couldn't afford to buy a dress for the school dance.
A rebellious teen snuck out of his house at night.
Casey was decorating her Christmas tree.
I wanted to write a book.
Early one morning I could hear my dogs.
It was the last day of the term and Kelly had exams.
Eva wanted to go to Midnight Mass on Christmas Eve.
Kyle always tried to recycle.
Trevor has a fast car that he bought recently.
I returned home with groceries one day after shopping.
Gary took a sip of the fruit punched.
I had a very old piano that sounded strange.
Universal Studios in Florida is my favorite theme park.
Rita loved riding her bike down the trails of the state park.
Joe went to the beach.
Javi loved classic cars.
I wanted to learn guitar.
David had soccer practice in the morning.
Chad and his older brother Chris don't get along.
Jill finds a fingernail in her can of tuna.
Bob was scared of planes.
Jenna was very allergic to cheese which gave her migranes.
Liz realizes that her diet does not include enough water.
Jen was awaiting the new album by lil gil.
Jane's daughter sue came to her with a nose bleed.
My husband and i decided to get a Welsh Corgi from a breeder.
Every Sunday morning my Grandma makes pancakes for breakfast.
Dylan was excited to book his vacation.
Joan was hungry, but there was nothing good to eat in the house.
Harry had always been afraid of the dark.
I took my sons to their first concert.
Nick came down with a very serious illness one day.
The jewel thief ran with the cops close on his trail.
Doug wanted the perfect engagement ring to propose to Jan.
Lacy was so tired of not being able to park in her garage.
Eli heard a term he was very unfamiliar with.
Rodney had gotten his friend a great Christmas gift.
I had dinner with three coworkers in October.
Betsy had a messy house.
Paco had ambitions of riding horses.
The kids just finished dinner and were ready for a movie.
Amy carried her cell phone in her jacket pocket.
Amy and Beth arrived at the theater to meet the rest their group.
Eric always loved playing the piano.
Kourtney was pregnant with her baby and about to be married.
Susan was a secretary for 30 years.
Shelly was having a problem with her computer.
Max had never played ping pong before.
Amy had been avoiding her friends all day.
Sandy loved tanning.
Gina was getting on the highway.
Cal had newly joined a distinguished preparatory school.
Jon went to jail for petty crimes.
Jamie handed her dish to the chef.
The Deet's decided to buy a dog.
Matt was really broke.
Chad ran with the basketball.
A man desired to be smarter.
Lucretia realizes that she needs to see if there is any new mail.
Raven went to the doctors.
Ted was nervous to kiss Lisa for the first time.
Carla's old Doctor switched practices and she needed to get a new one.
Lucy's friend Lisa was going home.
John realized he had a midterm exam tomorrow.
The ball was thrown to me.
Ally and Karen were putting together a puzzle.
The queen ruled all of Egypt.
The pregnant woman waited for the appointment with her doctor.
Skip liked to eat candy.
I had no school today since it's Veteran's Day.
I was leaving my hometown to go to college.
Tim was competing with his brother.
Ike hated having to start high school with long shaggy hair.
I turned on the television.
Rachel felt left out during the holidays because she was Jewish.
Lynn and her friends were in her room laughing hard.
George has been saving up for a new bike.
Jimmy wasn't tired at his bedtime.
The other day I was hiking in the mountains.
I wanted to make chicken curry.
Antonela had a baby brother named Loki.
Jill had recently started a new job.
A woman had a baby.
Ray went for a walk outside.
I was walking down the streets of Bombay.
Carla began writing poems to pass the time in jail.
Oliver was cleaning up his house.
Jim was excited about his upcoming football game.
Grace was having trouble with her classes.
Howard was working late last night.
Izzy went to bingo at church with her grandma.
Jill was at the mall with her mom.
I started my first campfire the other night.
Joe met his friend Al at the bus stop.
Kay was going to a haunted house.
I watched my snake try to eat a fish.
Ever since her mom was depressed, Katniss had to take care of her.
Taylor was very stressed out about her finals.
Andy was a very clever boy who loves to play games.
Elena woke up in the morning.
Angela works in the adult film industry.
Patty was selling Girl Scout cookies in her neighborhood.
Ken really need some paper towels.
While stocking soda at his restaurant, Ed dropped a bottle of Coke.
I lived by myself and one day decided to get a dog.
In keeping with his tradition, Taylor ate 3 over everything.
Ronald was really excited to get the newest iphone.
Julio is excited for family dinner.
Nancy wanted to start a garden.
Last Saturday, my wife went to a Christmas bazaar.
Amy was awakened by her mother.
Tom and Harry went on a lavish vacation together.
Charlie is an only child.
Last week the guys and I decided to watch sports.
I always hated flying.
I was having a hard time picking out a gift for my mother.
Oliver worked in law enforcement.
The older woman was busy in the kitchen making cookies.
Vickie and her family were worried about all of the rainy.
Ed's dream was to be a published author.
A man wanted to make money so he started to take on new jobs.
Tom's car wasn't working right.
Tom was hungry one morning.
Steve was excited about learning how to drive.
Paul dreamed of seeing the ocean.
Kevin had a big test coming up.
Jimmy got a new computer for Christmas.
Sarah bought a flower pot at a yard sale for one dollar.
Ronald was playing tag with little Mary one afternoon at the park.
Ted was a journalist in the middle east covering a story.
All my friends are big football fans.
Kim hadn't eaten much the day she was going out of town by plane.
Marta had been feeling blue for many weeks.
Neil wanted to see the mountains of Asia.
Lily's laptop broke and she was in desperate need of a replacement.
Ella is a toddler who likes to play ball.
Bobby woke in the middle of the night.
AJ grew up eating bologna sandwiches.
Larry has had a sore throat for weeks.
Carter was playing outside after the rain.
June was all alone for Thanksgiving.
The first grade teacher asked the students to name red things.
Brian competed in a soccer skills competition.
My wife always joked I was in the slug club at work.
Chelsea loves pandas.
Rene was thrilled to be going wedding dress shopping today.
Ed likes to buy vintage records.
Last season I went to a baseball game.
Pat was in the process of moving from one apartment to another.
Mary had bought chocolate Easter bunnies for all of her children.
My friend is a philosophy teacher.
I was sitting at my computer desk one day.
Kelly's mom said she was going to get an Apple.
Louisa wanted to go on a scavenger hunt.
Bob wanted to see his favorite band perform this weekend.
David always thought that he could eat anything.
Josh just had a check in his hand.
Angela has always been afraid of heights.
My new job requires me to be on my feet all day.
Lewis was walking downtown.
Steve was very nervous to ask Tina out on a date.
Reece loved pie.
The family started to gather their plates at the buffet.
Joey had a cold.
Wendy hated sports and dreaded going to gym class.
Max was standing in the bank.
Jim was invited to dinner by a pretty girl.
The school was having a senior prom.
Bob's shower ceiling was leaking.
Robbie was on vacation with his friends.
I saw a commercial for a playstation 4 and wanted one badly.
A guy confronted Lucy.
Jasper has always wanted to run a marathon.
It was a dark night.
Alister needed a date for the school dance.
Tito and Marge went on a trip to find valuable rocks.
When Joy was nine she and her best friend Beth both got puppies.
Cal was a senior in high school.
The Miller family bought a new house.
Amy was in class with her crush Ray.
For my birthday I got many gift cards.
Kendall was heading over to the movie theater.
The family was having an outside picnic.
The Roberts took a family vacation every summer.
Ruth and Henry have been married for 25 Year's.
Tom and Ben went hiking.
Amanda was pregnant.
Barbara was a photographer who took pictures of sunrises.
I used to sell books online.
Emily has a brother that likes to come into her room.
John was a student in high school.
It was the first day of the 6th grade.
My junior year I was cut from the soccer team.
Yesterday I got home from work to see a cat in the living room.
Keith's parents were taking him to Disneyland.
Jasmine and her dad love Star Wars.
Amber was in a basketball challenge.
Sam always let his dog out on the yard.
Bob was taking a woodworking class.
Shirley wanted to try online dating.
For a moment Bill's plan of bank robbery was going great.
Ivy fell in love with a great guy.
Jane was going to her job.
Carol was having a lot of money problems.
I found a trolley part in the garbage near a carhouse.
I retired from my job in 2012 after 26 years.
Everywhere I looked for textbooks they were super expensive.
Susan took her family to a dude ranch for vacation.
Melissa found a stray cat.
Erin hates roller coasters.
Sally was gardening during the day.
Bob is a worker in the CDC.
George was in college and lived alone.
Tom was looking through his pantry for a snack.
Lucy was lost and didn't know her grandparents address.
Oliver felt like he'd spent hours unwrapping caramels.
Sue wanted to learn how to do a cartwheel.
Tim was walking one day.
Angelina decided she was hungry.
Nina was walking through the park.
Kelly heard a stone hit her window.
Roxy notices her nails look plain.
Cole went to the store with five dollars to spend.
We had been staying with my aunt and uncle.
Mr Adams had to buy gifts for his son.
Ted carried his trash outside.
Ian grew his own hot peppers in his garden.
Jasper's roommates have told him to stop using the air conditioner.
Sam just got back from work.
Nelle was supposed to babysit her nephew.
Susan came home after work.
Alfred lived in a small, cramped, basement apartment.
Jim bought a dog.
Jane bought a new lipstick today.
I took broken crayons and made a bust with them.
The elementary school was have a father-daughter dance.
Amy was in the media center in her school library.
My family vacations every summer.
Julie wants to start losing weight and gaining muscle faster.
Karl was arrested for vandalism and fighting.
I lived in Austin, Texas.
Tora was getting self-conscious about her face as she aged.
Bill had a science project to complete.
Jay went to pick up his mail.
Danny was making breakfast for his wife.
Jane was cleaning her boyfriend's room.
I read Remembrance of Things Past in 2008.
Rob and Beth were out hiking a trail at a state park.
Angie went to Florida last week.
Trent was a private investigator.
Josh wasn't a very good reader, and that made him sad.
Ed tossed a bag of chips into his backpack before he walked to school.
Brandon took his young son to the zoo.
Lucy was terrified for her exam today.
JD is a freelance writer.
Jim needed to take a shower.
Amy and her friend Kim were supposed to become vegetarians.
I had never ice skated before so therefore decided to try it.
Gretchen the goat lived in the backyard of a sweet family.
Eva wanted to be the best at selling Girl Scout cookies.
Fanny and her husband adopted a cat.
Kelly was riding the bus home from school.
Ash was afraid of horses.
Gina was supposed to introduce Tami to the cool kids.
I really wanted some chicken wings.
Gina had been reading a book at the library.
Yan was walking in public to a restaurant.
A guy came up to me at a bar asking to see my shirt.
Maria was about to have her first baby.
Mike always loved to go fishing.
Melissa was hosting her family's Thanksgiving for the first time.
Halloween is their favorite holiday.
Today I got a ride in a helicopter.
Steve began tucking his daughter into bed.
Mac started writing an editorial in the school paper.
Sam played football with his cousins.
Terrance like bacon, but not so much to get suspended from school.
Rob preferred to work at night and sleep late into the day.
Nat was born while his dad was in the military.
Julia was nervous because she was getting her first tattoo today.
A group of college students came into the restaurant.
Sam wants to grow a tomato plant.
I bought coffee on my way to work this morning.
Jackson stole a wallet at a party on Friday.
Tim loved going hunting.
Jim was walking around the neighborhood.
Gale's cat was very nervous in a carrier at the vet.
Sandy's mom packed her a ham sandwich for lunch again.
Tim invented a new dance.
Jonathan had an important chess tournament.
Jo woke up feeling very sick and tired.
Another winter storm hit last week.
Cara was having a craving for chocolate.
I read that the Boston MFA acquired a Frida Kahlo painting.
Amy called her friend Beth.
Ben had done ten Years in prison.
My friend Brianna whispered to me in class.
Mike's mom gave him permission to get a fish.
June was in the fourth grade.
Ken was reading in his backyard.
Roy was graduating high school!
Carmen was driving.
Mona was truly a selfish girl.
Lorraine has just hosted a terrific party.
Dan was taking an exam.
Jonah was craving something sweet.
Roger had bills to pay soon.
Fred wanted to design a new website.
One of my favorite games as a kid was Animal Crossing.
Mandy sent her husband to the store for cheese.
Harry brought a rat to London one day to be his pet.
Edward wanted to make a lasagna.
The finals were tomorrow.
Today I took my jeep on a new trail.
Marsha went to school every day to learn.
Jaime's kids wanted to build a giant snowman.
John was a very wealthy man.
Donovan got off the bus, already feeling the heat of the day.
Timmy just got a new coffee maker in the mail.
I was in prison.
Lucy was sad she ruined her jeans.
Rick was at the local pool.
I love hot food.
Eric's dad was a Baptist preacher.
My girlfriend loves musicals.
Ron wanted to bring his mom breakfast in bed.
The Smiths had been through two storms.
It was summer break and Lucy was at her grandparents.
Mark lived exploring new places.
Gil was an inattentive driver.
When we went to the movies last night it was a disaster.
I did not drink beer until I was 26.
Tess and Jane took the vow.
Gina was in a hurry to get to the store.
Craig always loved taking his kids trick or treating for Halloween.
Mikey was eating out with his family.
Barry was assigned to be the lookout on the fire.
Sally entered a contest for a shopping spree.
During a movie night, I was craving food.
I was very sad about losing my marbles for many days.
Dan was able to anything he tried.
The trip had been a great success so far.
Our cat is good with the litter box.
I wanted some new video games for Christmas.
It was late at night when Billy got home.
Charlie had left his beloved stuffed monkey on the school bus.
Billy Joe and Bobby Sue were sitting at home with nothing to do.
Tim was sad.
Helen hates dogs.
At 0002, a loud crash was heard outside of the security office.
Jim Bob heard a loud snapping sound.
Neil was traveling in Bulgaria.
I collect novelty brain teasers.
Ben took his gecko out of its cage.
Mother couldn't find her glasses.
Tim sat at the salon and waited for his turn.
Sam's kitchen was so messy and needed to be cleaned.
Jen wanted to bake cookies.
A monkey watched a crowd of children walk past his cage.
Shaun and Kelsey were getting married.
Brittany wanted to enter a bodybuilding competition.
Today I logged onto Amazon Mturk.
Sarah was in the third grade.
Pam went to the town's Christmas tree lighting.
My friend asked if he can have a chip.
It was Amy's first day of junior high.
Nell's teacher admired her artistic student.
Elliot always loved dancing.
Gus forgot to take his lunch to school.
Missi had always had an obsession with the Great Barrier Reef.
Gina woke up at noon to discover it was another hot day.
Kim went hiking up a tall mountain peak one day.
Chip wanted to drink only fresh milk.
Carlton hated to get rid of his encyclopedia set.
The best friends always take a girls trips.
Ethan went to the dentist to have his tooth pulled.
I have a friend Mike who is a Busker.
The man was hiking a steep hill.
Three models walked down the runway.
Greg wanted to buy a new stove.
I was driving home from work last night.
I was waiting at baggage claim in Stockholm.
Mary had just moved and was going to a new school.
Camryn does not like to read.
Ben wanted to play baseball for his school.
A girl got a pet guinea pig.
A nuclear missile silo received a launch order.
Sam was mowing his front lawn.
Mitchell was giving his first presentation to a group of people.
The fire raged throughout the night at the park.
Joanna was walking down the street after finishing school.
Little Jimmy loved playing with legos.
Pete and his friends wanted to see a movie.
Charly signaled to her companion to be silent.
Ray went to the hardware store to buy some supplies.
Ali was seated on her school bus.
Tommy promised me that he was going to draw a good sketch of me.
Ms T's class had a pet bunny.
Lisa and Tim had been married for a long time.
I went to the farmers market.
Samantha felt terrible at work.
I bought a house with an ugly yard.
Tonight I parted with my ARCNet active hub.
Jen's mother does not approve of the way she is dressed for school.
Jane wake up to a loud knock on the door.
June decided on a  Saturday morning to walk and get a cup of coffee.
Lucas was swimming in the Caribbean Sea.
Tracy was lonely and wanted male attention.
Anna missed seeing hummingbirds all the time.
Dave head up a bank teller at gunpoint and demanded all the money.
My boss gave me a company phone.
When I first moved here I was very poor.
Bob had mountains of dirty laundry to clean.
Nancy always spoiled her dog.
Amy was struck by a drunk driver.
Kerry was eating a piece of hard candy.
Tim was making jerky.
Jay's family did Secret Santa every year for Christmas to save money.
Tina was shopping in the mall with her daughter.
Donald was diagnosed with lung cancer.
Tom felt sick at lunchtime.
Som needed to put a lawn in her front yard.
Ben wanted to be a better camera man.
Helen always overslept in the mornings before school.
Remy was digging through his backpack.
Daren works at a retail job.
Ashley was smoking a cigarette in her bedroom.
Tim and Jan find a puppy on their doorstep.
I wanted to learn to make pot pies.
Whitney's dog is full of energy.
Dan frowned when the police lights appeared behind him.
Mel ate the same cereal for breakfast every day.
Stacy was taking a spelling test.
Ed liked to drink, but he often got carried away.
Everyone wants flower arrangements with dogs these days.
I had my college prom in The Field Museum.
Chester was always bullied at school.
Jackie got up from the couch to go to the restroom.
Ken was at the bar.
Mandy was on a family vacation.
My husband was in a bad accident in college.
Sam missed too many days of work and was fired.
People at school find Greg weird.
Cynthia used to be a deeply religious person.
Sandra bought a milkshake at the fast food restaurant.
My mom's dog was very furry.
Ray wanted to have a family picnic.
Alissa received an invitation to her class reunion.
Kim was getting ready to have a baby.
Karen was taking a taxi to the store.
As Gina left the principal's office she saw classes were letting out.
Yves wanted chocolate but his pantry was empty.
Sal had a toga party with his friends.
Sarah was diagnosed with cancer 4 Years ago.
Jules was driving home one day.
Amy's mom didn't want her to drink coffee.
Sean was in his kitchen.
Daniel had just started his first job.
Gina arms were still shaking as she checked out.
Yesterday I ordered a bunch of coffee table books online.
Sam was doing his physic homework.
Nora was craving pizza for dinner.
I took my family to the museum one day.
Sara had a family cookbook.
Lucy and Becky's parents took them to the ocean.
Thor liked to wake his owner by barking very early in the morning.
I was driving to the sports bar.
Two fishing trawlers got their nets tangled together.
Reggie was 12 years old when he got his first real bicycle.
Icy wanted whipped cream for her ice cream.
Chuck was driving down the road.
Maude fell down the stairs and broke her ankle.
Sandra had to sign an important document at work but he lost her pen.
Tim went on a date.
When I was five my brother had a sore throat.
Sam was at the office supply store to buy pens for himself.
Ed took out his airplane for fun on a cloudy day.
Ed was going on a vacation to Florida.
Johnny was a very experimental guy.
Bob loved to run through the park.
Amy and her dad arrived at her dorm.
I went to college by the beach.
Jon and his father were going hunting in the woods.
Alice loved apple pie.
Nora was delighted to try her grandma's sweet pickles.
Chad was eight Year's old and growing fast.
James was having troubles with his girlfriend.
Gina walked out into the fluffy, deep snow.
Sara decided to adopt a cat.
Neil was visiting Indonesia.
Yaris was a psychopath.
One day, my friends and I were wanting to hang out.
Sam had practiced weaving wool all his life.
Sarah had just returned from the grocery store.
Paige took out a loan for a new house.
Amanda wanted to bake a apple pie.
Jake woke up earlier than his girlfriend.
Beau started kindergarten a few months ago.
Karen graduated college and was excited for her future.
James is sick of paying the expense of marketing campaigns.
He was outside the cafe early in the morning.
Sean wanted a sandwich.
Sam kept trying to tune her guitar.
When I was a kid I built an igloo in the snow.
Kim wanted to eat a frozen burrito for lunch.
Kim was driving home as a hurricane was coming.
Tina was nervous for her piano recital.
Jeff is very strong and muscular.
Johnny had been saving his money for a while.
Deborah's computer continuously slowed down.
Sophia had a stuffed monkey.
After a long day at work I needed a drink.
The man entered into his hotel room.
Conrad enjoyed writing stories.
Samson had his 13th birthday this last weekend.
I loved smoked salmon.
It was mother's day!
Meghan rode the bus to a class trip to the strawberry farm.
I went shopping for my sorority formal.
Drew stopped his car in front of the drive Thru window.
Sophia needed a new hair style.
Tim was trimming palm trees along the street.
Ray lived close to an elementary school.
As a child, And always hated reptiles.
Tori refused to eat broccoli.
Kyle took out a book from the library.
Tara was the captain of her volleyball team.
Sally went to the pet store the other day.
Alex loved to write short, fictional stories.
Jill wanted to be an astronomer.
A man wanted to increase his intelligence.
All of Kevin's friends could skate board well.
It was cold when we got up.
My husband and I were sad that our dog had died.
Tim was going to his graphic design class.
Jamie and his son were camping.
Matt took his wife to the store after work.
There was a little boy who had a puppy.
Jim's bank account was low.
Every night I have the same dream.
Becky was a college student.
Gina's dad was fighting with his friends in their yard.
I got a call from the mall.
Fred really loved that frog by the pond.
For our honeymoon my wife and I went to Hawaii.
Linda is self-conscious about her feet.
Laura wants to watch a movie and relax after school.
Tina wanted to be sure she had the perfect wedding dress.
Fred brought yugioh cards to school.
I was washing my hands.
William was out with his girlfriend.
There was five seconds left to shoot a game-winner.
Ben had an interview for a promising job.
Two friends were talking to each other on the phone.
The Wizards were closing in on a playoff berth.
Victoria was a teacher and was watching the kids play.
Tim invited John over to his house.
Once I went to a hockey game.
I did not enjoy Spanish class this year.
Bobby's father grabbed a flashlight.
I was walking on the street.
My friends took me to the back of their house.
For Christmas all Susie wanted was a bike.
Mark wanted to have some fun this weekend.
Hannah lived on a farm and loved her horses very much.
Kayla and her friends were excited to start a game of Hide and Seek.
I love going to concerts and have always wanted to crowd surf.
Harry wanted to stay a secret club at school.
Two children were eyeing a toy they wanted.
Becky and her friend Lisa planned on going to the theater.
The friends went to New Orleans.
My wife was abusive.
Sally planted a flower garden.
Dani punched her wall out of frustration.
Sally's mom told her she was going to get a brother.
Mary's favorite holiday is Halloween.
Carol mocked us for how silly we looked in our safety gear.
Bart's family had not been together for Thanksgiving for 3 years.
I was walking to the store one day.
A strange man comes into a bar for a drink.
Sally was taking a guitar class at school.
As I was merging onto the highway I slowed down.
I was going to a friend's wedding.
Scott wants to go fishing with his friend tomorrow.
A group of my friends and I wanted to get really scared on Halloween.
Beal begun his assignment as soon as he walked into the class.
Ann had an accent that registered to many as lower class.
Tim's friends were playing.
Brad and his dad decided they would make giant ice cubes.
Chris wanted to learn to rollerblade.
Steven practiced his Spanish in high school.
It was Christmas Eve and everybody was asleep but Mom.
Bonny watched as the older kids played bocce ball on the lawn.
Yesterday I had a flight to New York.
Dan's wife Jane was pregnant again.
Fred's mom got a text.
Bill put his dog in the fence and went out for the night.
My girlfriend Heather and I were relaxing and watching Netflix.
Kelly decided to start a retirement account.
There was a young child.
It was time for the airplane to land at the airport.
Allie was excited to participate in the science fair.
Gerard was performing a show on his birthday.
Bob had a math test in the morning and was really nervous.
Anne was eight Year's old.
Some years ago, there was a shoe factory.
Bob was washing several dishes.
My girlfriend's jeep was leaking water from her inside light.
I enjoyed jalapenos and wanted to grow my own.
I smelled smoke in the air during my hike.
Jean needed to give her dog Tiny a flea pill.
Sarah loved working on her gymnastics skills.
There are lots of wine clubs.
Taylor likes video games.
My friends and I went to a bar.
The dog peed on my carpet.
Mike was raised in Italy.
Sarah hated to keep her house clean.
Lynn and her friends were busted sneaking in at midnight.
Weston had to film a commercial for film class.
Joel was moving to the city.
Sam was washing dishes.
Last Friday, I received an email from my local humane society.
Jeffrey woke up 8 o'clock in the morning.
Billy kept crying in his room every day.
Timmy was a toddler.
Cad had worn contacts all through high school.
Chris and Joe were making eggs on a cast iron skillet.
Jemma was overweight and out of shape.
Tony has been feeling really tired and dizzy lately.
Camryn was very excited to get her ears pierced.
It was Molly's first day as a teacher.
Today I went the beach.
Jacob woke up this morning terribly hungry.
Jim found a stray cat walking on the street.
The Benson family ordered a big batch of chicken wings for dinner.
Gina bought a whole box of round fudge snack cakes.
Deacon loved trains as a child.
Tami was looking to adopt a cat from the animal shelter.
Marie had a lover named David.
Benjamin went on a trip to the NASA Space Agency.
Timmy loved Halloween.
I went to the candy store yesterday.
It was getting dark and Amy needed to get home.
Jack had been working super hard for weeks.
Sophie's birthday is coming up.
One morning, Jim was admiring his crush, Michaela.
Geoff always has problems with his feet.
Becky wanted to impress her pals.
Jill loved to bargain hunt at thrift stores.
Yesterday was Mark's birthday.
Pencil making starts with wood being carved into thin slats.
The 2007 Patriots team was considered by most the best of all time.
Amy couldn't wait to bring her doll to show and tell.
Ray takes a trip to paris.
My friend and I decided to make latkes.
Kim was looking forward to going on a cruise for a very long time.
Bob went downtown to see the concert in his town.
On December 27, 2010, I decided to go for a swim.
Bob was trying to get into shape.
A woman who was afraid of snakes saw one outside her house.
It was a hot summer day for Jill and her children.
Laurie is going to have a baby today.
Stephen was at a party.
Juanita has never owned a smartphone.
Jim could not get the computer to work.
Dave was on a hike when he decided to explore off the trail.
Anna decided to dig for buried treasure on the beach.
Laura and Max were camping.
Julian and his family were making Christmas cookies.
When Mary visited I wanted to treat her to a Gondola ride.
Tom was accidentally shot by his teammate in the army.
My wife is threatening me to come to her or else she will leave.
Zoey loves to shop.
Mom was hoarding a lot stuff to pass onto her children.
During class, I saw a beautiful girl drop her pen.
Carson's mother made him some hot chocolate as a treat.
The battle raged across the castle's interior.
We went on vacation and my nephew had issues with personal space.
Mary asked George to drive her to the apple orchard.
Mary was going to her family's Thanksgiving dinner.
I took my girlfriend to the carnival last night.
Mary begged her mom for tickets to the concert that weekend.
Riley wanted to learn to skateboard really badly.
Bill was one of the first people in line to buy the new iPhone.
Nita had always been told she was Irish.
Alissa was visiting Spain on a trip.
Tay and his friends were racing bikes.
I've always liked collecting stamps.
Will was reluctant to order groceries online.
Gina needed to turn on the water hose.
Matt needed new boots for winter.
Arthur and his friends were under eighteen.
Mary was invited to the will reading of her uncle.
Candy's boss invited her to the company holiday party.
There one was a girl named Subtlety.
Brad's father was a Navy officer and he wanted Brad to enlist as well.
When Chuck got to school he realized he had a test.
I was walking around at night.
The driver was trying to transfer some furniture to the store.
Ian had never flown on a plane.
Lisa saw a new kid at school.
Ike loved eating hot dogs, and he had a big appetite.
Tim was waiting for his dad.
Ted woke up very late one morning.
Randall has been applying for jobs from home for months.
She opened her email and then immediately closed it.
Last night I was stumbling around in the dark.
Adam tripped and fell into a stagnant ditch.
Gina liked taking her dog on walks.
We had a garage sale while we were selling our house.
My friends and I went to an art festival in a nearby city.
Laurence walked into his home and smelled a really bad odor.
The kids began to play hide-and-go-seek in the backyard.
Julie decided to go for a hike.
Jim and his friends had been working all day in the winter.
Babs was a rare breed of tiger.
Oliver heard about career opportunities in the New York headquarters.
Amy asked her mother for money to buy Christmas gifts.
Angela wanted to play an instrument.
There use to be a lot of businesses in my neighborhood.
Sam was afraid of planes.
Anthony swore a lot and he often was in trouble for it.
Daniel wanted to study philosophy in college.
Gina had a crush on a boy in her class.
Today I tried to make a new cookie recipe.
Bobby had just enough money for chocolate from the vending machine.
Tom loved his dog.
Jason decides to stop by the bar on the way home from work.
Sam came home from the war, and something wasn't right.
Marilyn loved pandas.
Donald got a delicious cake for his birthday.
Jill had a really short temper.
In the debate the moderator asked the candidate if he could dance.
Steph wanted to have a child.
Mike was starving and went to get seafood by himself.
A hunter was crouching down on the forest floor.
A man drove while listening to the radio.
I had been up all day studying for my exam tomorrow.
A sob escaped Cory's lips.
My 98 year old friend Joe had a poetry reading last night.
Yesterday my brother Joey tried to get me in trouble with my Mom.
Last night my girlfriend invited me to paint with her.
Matt collected acorns.
Evan was manning the grill at the company picnic.
Jaden was doing a lecture at an university about mirrors.
Sally wanted a puppy for years.
I once went to a concert where Dan Bern was performing.
Tom bought some shells for Clint's birthday.
Billy was walking home from school.
George needed to find a job after being laid off from his last one.
Philip had been trying to impress his father in law for years.
Jane was speeding to her daughter Ali's school.
Once, I was walking with my friends in the city.
I went to a friends house one day.
Perry was made fun of alot at school.
The boys all decided together to jump.
A strange lady walked into the club.
Kara found a ring on the ground.
Angela had gained some weight in her belly.
Micah wanted to make a smoothie.
The other day I went to a Japanese shop.
Al stepped into the time machine and pressed the large green button.
Tim and Mandy had been dating for a few weeks.
Julie always wanted to learn how to cook so she signed up for a class.
Jake was drinking at the club.
Jim's father was never around.
Last night there were three homicides in the city of Dallas, Texas.
Andrew saw a pretty girl at his school.
Mike was very picky about everything.
Sara wasn't feeling well and had a bit of a fever.
Some kids were playing with a talking doll.
Billy lost his favorite hat.
The traffic was backed up tonight.
Javier decides to invite his friends to his home to have brunch.
Anna didn't want to learn to bowl.
Two runners were in a tight competition on a mile race.
Hank had a grandfather.
My sister and I went to bestbuy on black Friday.
Rick was at the zoo with his dad.
Bob and his family were driving on the road.
Amy failed Algebra in the 9th grade.
Tom was looking for Kenya on the globe.
I met a beautiful lady while I was in college.
Hannah loved to hike.
Today I was supposed to do the laundry.
Joe brought home a can to collect for UNICEF.
Maddie knew that staying home alone wasn't a good idea.
Chase had a loose tooth.
Phil lost his phone.
Betty was excited to participate in her first science fair.
I went to North Conway with my girlfriend in 1980.
Beth wanted a sweet treat, but didn't want to leave the house.
John always drank his coffee black.
When I was little, I wanted to be a movie director.
Tom thought it was a perfect day for golf.
Hannah was hoping her boyfriend would buy her a ring for Christmas.
Tim hated Jello.
We had a tornado come through our town today.
I decided to adopt a cat.
Edison was awake all night long.
Jose grew up in a house where soccer was king.
Walt wanted some ice cream, so he went to the store to get some.
I had to dissect a frog for biology.
Jenny wanted a new book to read.
Jane had a duplex neighbor named Bonnie.
Jacob was walking around looking for work.
April was in love with Andy.
I planned a romantic getaway with my girlfriend.
I was seventeen.
Vicky and her husband have each been working very hard this week.
Mabel wanted to go on a helicopter ride.
I needed a shed to contain my yard tools.
Joan had always wanted to participate in a chess tournament.
Mary had just gotten a new job.
Roan and his family ate a lot of fruits and veggies.
Charlie was excited for his date with Samantha.
Neil was bicycling around Ireland.
Jim desperately need to make a phone call.
The boat was traveling for a long time.
Kelly's project was due today.
Iris and her best friend went to get spray tans for vacation.
Tim got a new dog.
Gina's music teacher showed them how to dance the Charleston.
Raven was a nurse.
Although Jimmy didn't know how to play, Scott handed him the ball.
My Chemistry teacher gave us a lecture on organic compounds.
Joe enjoyed gossiping about people.
I met my sister in law in 1981.
Rose couldn't afford to get dentures fitted for her mouth.
My dad would swing us around as kids.
Alex realized she locked her keys in her car.
Amy had a new job at a grocery store.
Bill and Lynn are my neighbors to the west.
Neil took a bus trip to the ancient site of Pompeii.
Jake was drunk with his friends at the beach.
I tripped going to work the other day.
Jordan and Callie were on a walk.
Rhonda and her husband don't get along.
Lewy wanted to build a snowman.
Dave went to Mammoth Mountain to go skiing.
My kids wanted to surprise my wife on Valentine's Day.
Iggy wanted to impress his friends at the last day of school party.
Lisa was scared to start her first day of school.
Barbra wanted to learn how to play poker like a professional.
Samantha is not a morning person.
Ray wanted to get closer to his dad.
Blaine missed a lot of school.
Jack had saved up enough money to buy a new video game.
Sylvia was accused to robbing a bank.
Lin takes her kids to an Easter Egg Hunt.
Steve wanted to plant a garden in his backyard.
Andrew made a plate of spaghetti and walked toward the table.
I took my daughter to the doctor for birth control.
I started playing football my sophomore year in high school.
Lillah wanted to learn a new song to sing.
We bought a block of delicious cheese.
The last day of school before the holiday was before us.
Dad knew there was a skunk.
Ana needed a liver biopsy done.
One day Tony had a strand of hair hit him while riding his bicycle.
Every day I go to school.
Alice was caught in the rain as she walked into work.
Gerry was going to get a new fish.
Today I took a train to meet my friends.
Claire wanted to bake some cookies.
James was out for a morning walk.
Sally couldn't face the world.
Ursula asked her guest what they would like to drink.
We went whale watching on a stormy day in August.
Stella had planted her very first garden on April first.
Alan sent his daughter off to summer camp.
Jake was hungry.
Mark had a bad day at work.
Ben was never a good story teller.
Katie was getting mad at her boyfriend Tom.
Our minister had hired me to tend to his garden.
Tim's dog like to chase things.
Ben decided to help his community.
Lou's mother's birthday was approaching.
I went outside for a walk.
Sura was raised a Buddhist.
Jared was going through his pile of bills.
Lina lived by herself.
Craig was very good at playing guitar.
I found my old yearbook today while cleaning.
Sean needed to go to the bank.
I decided to order a pizza.
Caesar was a small yorkie pup.
Cal couldn't find his keys.
Eva wanted to grow flowers in her garden.
Terrell was a terrible bowler.
Ted woke up and decided to have a bowl of cereal.
Rob was becoming too anxious to handle daily tasks.
Amy asked for a dog for her birthday.
Martha was preparing slow cooker chicken.
Robbie loved going dancing with his boyfriend.
Kevin started a cricket farm in Ohio.
I went to the baseball game.
Today was the day Hannah began her new job.
Jerald wanted to buy his own car.
Kim always loved going shopping.
We had seven cows.
Donald was driving in his truck with a new bag of potato chips.
Adam wanted to eat a frozen burrito for lunch.
Sam wanted to become an actor.
A man wanted to put in a skylight in his house.
Roger is a lifeguard.
Karen's kids decided they wanted ice-cream in the middle of a blizzard.
The group arrived at the beach.
Two men had to paint a long wall.
Donald always had a problem with food.
Janice and Alma were two friends who went out to eat one day.
Mara went to a pond.
Ted bought a metal detector.
Justin has been in a relationship with selena for a while.
Eli was having some issues with certain sounds.
Carl was playing Frisbee with his brother and his dog.
I decided to start a non-profit.
Annie sat at her desk ready to work on her novel.
Amy was in history class.
It was late afternoon and I was driving home.
I never used to drink coffee when I was younger.
A woman spent all her pay on lottery scratch-offs.
One day Adam wanted to take anger out on a date.
Jenny's best friend just got her driver's license.
Amy watching TV at home.
Kim wanted a sweater for Christmas, but she knew her mom was broke.
Beth's roommate kept using her soap in the shower.
On one street, the neighbors competed over who had the best mailbox.
Jill Always considered herself ugly.
I was driving to the store the other night.
Ben was a college student with no money.
Eric sat at his desk and feel sleepy.
Aunt Becky use to be so calm.
Jo went up to the rooftop to work on her tan.
Andy had a lot of information online.
Alexis collected teddy bears.
Ella went to study in England for a semester.
Jarvis just bought a new shovel.
Dan had a huge collection of comic books.
Jeff read the weather forecast on the Internet.
I was home alone one evening.
Mason had always wanted to pick apples in Vermont.
Marty must choose between two schools.
James heard about a party on the pier.
Charles needed to buy a cheap pair of shoes.
Amy was well known and liked at her elementary school.
The class was shooting hoops in the gymnasium.
Tyler ordered a pizza.
Eugena hated doing math in class.
Jake kept hearing a beeping sound in his apartment.
The teacher gave us an assignment in class to write a short story.
I was extremely tired from work.
For Halloween, Jesse and his friends went to a corn maze.
Jenna was flying to Florida for vacation.
Ali was on the bus going to the museum with her class.
Kaley took a cooler of food and drinks to the park.
I was craving tacos really badly.
Briana was at the park with her sister.
Bob and Dave decided to go camping on the weekend.
Matt has always really wanted to write a book.
Melinda was driving down a bumpy country road.
Joe is packing the last of the items he needs for his trip to the bay.
My niece and her husband are having a baby.
I decided to make breakfast for my mom and dad this morning.
Meghan was walking in the forest.
Sharon had some money saved to take a vacation.
It was a long bicycle ride under the hot sun.
Sally lives by a large lake full of fish.
Sue was nervous to take her driving test.
Eli loved to learn about animals.
Eric won a lot of money playing blackjack.
Gina and her friend were walking to school.
Ben asked his mom to bring a snack home.
I bought a dog for myself when I moved into my new house.
Wanda went to church every Sunday religiously.
Matt and jimmy visited an abandoned asylum.
At the factory Greg saw that two different parts had the same number.
Jessie was in the bathroom showering.
My wife had a nice life insurance contract.
Mike went to the grocery store to buy some milk.
Steven purchased a star for his tree at home.
Avery went for a cooking class in the park.
Vince woke up one morning and got up to put clothes on.
Mandy was looking for a mechanic.
On Christmas Day, Ned got a beautiful new sled.
Karen moved to a new city.
Scott collected all sorts of belts.
I was a mean older sister, and one day I had a brilliant meal idea.
Amy and Charles were going on a cruise for their anniversary.
Steven was sent to the principal's office again.
Ruby had just graduated college and moved out on her own.
Traffic on the highway came to a complete standstill.
My old computer just broke so I decided to buy a new once.
I have a new favorite tea.
Molly loved to go to the Casino to gamble.
Jim is thrilled when he gets an amazing job offer.
The bath tub stopped draining one day.
Michael was scared of dust.
Michael needed a new friend.
Molly purchased tomato seeds for herself.
Tim is the star quarterback at Notre Dame.
Sandra went to the mall to buy her mother something for Christmas.
The dog's legs began to twitch.
Benny watched in awe as big sharks swam by.
Robert is a guy who enjoys tinkering with computers.
Jason woke up and went to prepare his daily cereal for breakfast.
There was a huge war.
Hiroshi and Taro were pretty good friends.
Charlie challenged his friends.
Nancy was driving to her job.
Jon lost his job.
After months of building credit, Bob bought a new car.
Jeremy's mom began to pay him an allowance.
Mary loved to visit the zoo.
Tracy's cat was named Bob.
Sam tried to take a shower.
Jennifer was trying to make some extra money while school was out.
Alice and her family were at the beach.
Kelly and her friends were vacationing in Dubai.
Jamal is wrapping up his police officer training.
Alan took his clothes to a laundry service.
Bill worried that he was not stylish enough for Jane.
Ted had a mouse infestation problem.
I used to bike to work every day.
Lane relied on a portable air conditioning unit.
Finley was my puppy.
Doug waited until the last minute to do his art project.
Vick used to love to eat meat.
Last weekend I took the kids to the zoo.
Bill was looking forward to a quiet weekend at home.
Jerome was out playing in the street one day.
Brent is an avid hunter.
Henry couldn't stop jumping on his bed.
Amy met a one of her co-workers for the first time.
Tim's mom dropped him off at school in the morning.
I was feeling bored on a weekend.
Amy's crush Ray had begun to ignore her.
During the night time, I got a phone call.
Nelly's family moved in the middle of the school year.
Cruz was highly allergic to nuts of all kind.
Bill was tired of the hot weather in his area.
Jacob was excited for his first soccer game.
Joey and his mom like visiting the park.
Today it snowed three feet of perfect snow.
Craig was saving up to buy his dream car.
Little Chris was very sad.
Ianna walked into the bookstore.
The teacher watched her class silently filter in.
The local amusement park added a new roller coaster.
Tina was taking a shower.
My sister in law's husband died in late November.
Henry placed his chicken inside the oven.
Zack had loved animals since he was a child.
Delanie was over weight.
Mark wasn't excited to be in the school play.
Jonas loves smoking cigarettes but he knows they are unhealthy.
Jill comes home late at night crying.
Anna had a big event coming up.
Tim was upset at his roommate.
Today I went to the biggest sledding hill I could find.
Amber wanted Taylor Swift concert tickets for her birthday.
I was using excel.
Ken wanted breakfast.
It was Retiree Day and the track so I took my dog out for a visit.
Albert liked a girl that never liked him back.
Arin was driving his new motorcycle.
Lucy wanted her grandpa to take her to a friends house.
I watched my neighbor Christina grow up to be a beautiful young lady.
I had to take a walk to the store last night.
Jane had some free time that week.
Willow really wanted to have fresh herbs to enjoy year-round.
Gina had a phone card to make long distance calls.
The boy loved telling scary stories.
Gina needed a second job.
My uncle is visiting us for the holidays.
Greg was at home bored.
Jai had always wanted to ride a horse.
My wife and I went out to dinner on Valentine's Day.
Sean liked boxers.
One winter day, the roads were covered in ice.
The Golden State Warriors were a basketball team that always lost.
The official discussed the last question of the game.
Jeff wanted to play football his senior year but was too skinny.
The library at Ben's town was hosting a readathon for prizes.
There was a large storm developing in New York last week.
Meg wanted to be on the school softball team with her friends.
Margo was going to the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Roy inherited a grand piano.
Today I build a sandbox for my son.
Kell was collecting the eggs from her hens.
Molly was doing some chores Saturday.
Tami needed her husband to fix the plumbing immediately.
One day, Bob noticed that he was out of milk.
Bob was a solider during the Iraq war.
Kyle and Matt were bunk mates at a basketball camp last summer.
Michelle and Jay went hiking on the four mile path at the local park.
Adolph was born a sickly boy.
Nick got a coat in the mail.
Today Ally went to the beach.
A lot of things were supposed to happen today at my house.
Paul's leg was in severe pain.
Rex was the meanest dog on the block.
Elise wanted to take her new boyfriend ice skating.
Jill was very nervous when she left her 3 year old at preschool.
Tim played basketball on his highschool team.
Becky was nervous for her test.
Amy didn't want to eat the school lunch anymore.
Kalyn signed up to help with her club's cookie sale.
April and her husband had just bought a new home.
The other day I decided to buy a new xmas tree.
It was summer vacation and Sally was starting to get bored.
Sonya was saving money in her bank.
Gina's phone was gone for 2 days.
I entered the auditorium very nervous.
Tom was hungry and didn't know what to eat.
Bill woke up early one day.
Chris has been working very hard at work.
Gina hated snow even though she lived in Minnesota.
Arsenal was Greg's favorite football team.
My wife has the Starbucks app.
Bill owned a large herd of bulls.
Ian was studying for an exam.
It was very warm outside today.
Sally was drinking milk.
The children wanted to put on a play.
Tom was always forgetful.
Jim had a doctor's appointment.
It's time for finals next week.
When Thomas graduated high school, he wanted to run track.
Cheryl woke up in the middle of the night.
Kelly decided to go to an art show.
This girl Alexis and I were chatting last night.
I was 12 years old.
Cal was doing the breakfast dishes.
Mary drove past a concert featuring Megadeth.
Marion and her sister went to a buffet.
James was trying his hardest to make the football team.
Tim loved chatting on his cell phone.
Allison was always distracted while driving.
I recently bought a new boat to take the family out on the lake.
Maxine had tried eating tuna before but had never eaten salmon.
Sam wants to buy a new car.
Nina was at the skating rink.
Jay was working at his job, a restaurant.
Tori was afraid to get her ears pierced, but she wanted to look cool.
Janice was at the park but it started raining so she hid.
Will had fallen, and was paralyzed.
Steve was the best baseball player at his school.
Sally liked truffles a lot.
Omar was the only Hispanic boy in a white school.
Will greatly missed his grandparents.
Samantha was in middle school.
My health began to slip as I got older.
Iris had a job interview for a new position.
Tyler played football with a team.
Jim went to see his daughter's school play.
I heard a loud noise last night.
Sandy was having a conversation in the break room.
Alfredo realizes that his stereo system at home is getting old.
Bonny wanted to knit a special sweater for her boyfriend.
I went to the playground when I was young.
I'm working in the yard today.
Jim's son is afraid to fly.
Mike's family was at the beach in July.
Neil was visiting a museum in Sicily.
Everyone told Beth how great Chipotle was.
Gina was on the playground by herself.
Patricia's favorite toy was her set of interlocking blocks.
Dani was using her cell phone.
Mike didn't study for a test.
Joan was really hungry.
Randy stood at the mound during a baseball game.
My friends and I were filming a skit.
Gina was on a side street getting on the main street.
John was about to begin his freshman year of college.
Macy needed a prom dress.
Frank bought a vintage bicycle at a neighbor's yard sale.
Joe tripped carrying a carton of milk.
I fancied lots of women as a young man.
The teacher made a message to the class.
London was busy catching up with laundry.
Mike was trekking in the backcountry in the early spring.
I used to work on Mechanical Turk.
Tim had a huge party.
Bus drivers were on strike in Amy's town.
Alan needed to get an oil change.
Amy was driving to work listening to the radio.
When I was 14 my parents got pregnant.
Ben had entered a poetry contest and hoped he won.
Ed was computer savvy, and fixed computers for his family.
I was in my friend's backyard by a pool.
Adam went running when he experienced severe sneezing.
Neil took a train into Beijing.
Ian had to use the bathroom.
Alice loved to hike through the mountains.
Dan tried to avoid Jane for a week since she was aggravated at him.
Sara was terrified of horses, even though her mom trained them.
Tim was playing in the grass.
Remy was staying with his friends parents.
Tyler was eating alone in the mall.
Ally wasn't sure what to get for Tyler's birthday.
Clem made a silly face at his baby.
Helena finally got the toy she had begged for for weeks.
Jimmy wanted his mom to take him to a superhero movie.
Timmy was making french fries.
Jessica was utterly famished after soccer practice.
I needed vegetables for a recipe.
My brother and I opened up our Christmas presents.
I was walking home from work in a downpour.
Amanda got a job writing for the school paper.
Kelly really wanted the new iPhone.
Vanessa and fred are married.
Beth got out of bed, and noticed how nice it was outside.
I had been waiting for the seventh Star Wars film for many years.
Richard is dreading this 3 hour survey.
Tori loved cake.
James was a pack a day smoker for the last 5 years.
I missed the afternoon school bus to stay after school.
Martin was a violent soccer player.
Jake was out eating lunch.
Jim was a paramedic.
Jill and Bob have planned their first alone time in years.
We had only Italian style pizzas in Boston in the sixties.
Megan had recently put up her Christmas tree.
There was a strange noise in the laundry room.
Allie was excited to go to the chocolate factory today.
Tom had anger problems.
Laura is a kindergarten teacher in charge of ten kids.
I hate grooming.
Jon wanted to become a navy seal.
Sandra didn't have any money.
Ryder had been practicing baseball all summer.
Jll is excited when her boss quits.
Jane was experiencing her first pregnancy.
Joy doesn't know how to play chess but has always wanted to learn.
Jane has always wanted to cut her hair in a bob.
Sally wanted a new beagle puppy.
Bill was sure there was a monster hiding in his closet.
Kayla was driving in the woods one night.
Today one of our cows got out of the pen.
I decided to visit Chicago.
Gina's library was having books mailed from another location for her.
Joni's class is leaving for Paris in the morning.
I was a skinny man.
Sam had a fear of driving.
The puppy woke up one morning.
Ken was sad.
Mary wanted laser surgery to correct her eyesight.
Recently, I was assigned to write a paper for my history class.
Downstairs from me lives a man with an overbearing personality.
Erin noticed a cold draft coming through her window.
Gina drank a specific brand of bottled water.
My sister lived at the top of a highrise apartment.
I wanted to make a stew.
Tara slammed the front door behind her.
Jon wanted a bigger chest.
Matt was an avid golfer.
Monica was excited for her very first soccer game.
My friends and I were preparing to watch a meteor shower.
Hank dreamed of being successful.
Jimmy was doing the dishes.
Usman loved motorbikes.
Nala was unprepared for her Spanish test.
Margaret loved potato chips.
Neff got a paper in the mail.
Jason was a tough kid who liked to fight.
Kate was lost in the woods.
Joey and Daphne went to a party together.
Bree was going to school to become a doctor.
Liam was a very funny guy.
David was excited when his parents bought him a chemistry set.
Alice had no clean clothes left.
I played an April Fools joke on my friend in 1996.
Jessica loves to eat sushi.
I spied the unopened bag of candy corn.
Rich was a crossfit instructor.
Nina went off to college across the country.
Kathy was incredibly afraid of needles.
The Bonds were ready to plant this year's vegetable garden.
The river was full people rafting down on inner tubes.
Steven wanted nothing more than a Pac-Man Arcade Cabinet.
When Kelly was at the store yesterday she ran into someone.
We live in a basement unit in a condo.
Gina was at her dad's mom's house.
Amanda had a test coming up that she had to study for.
Sam thought he was the strongest one in the gym.
Henry was tired.
Joel's doctor said he had to eat healthier.
Jimmy's 4th grade science class had a science fair this year.
A man was working out at the gym.
Robert hated clowns.
Kevin twirled the pistol like the actors he'd seen on TV.
James wanted to play outside in the snow.
Mike was running out of closet space.
Ziggy the dog will lick his paws until they are raw.
I went to the store to buy bodywash.
A man was at the hospital visiting a sick relative.
Tom needed one more quarter for bus fare.
Lucy's grandpa came to pick her up from Mary's house.
Stella was playing in a basketball game at her school.
Tom liked to sing.
Jay saw cartoons where people slid on banana peels.
Lily was trying to make a cake for her sister's baby shower.
Bobby was wearing his white dress shirt for church.
Zoey was excited for her mother to teach her how to ride a bike.
Kathy was applying for a job.
A little girl has always wanted a puppy of her very own.
Brian wanted to attend a jazz performance.
Jake has wanted to try fishing for many Year's.
Kim bought her nephew a silly string toy as a gift.
Noah had been saving for a car for two Year's.
Libby had been waitressing all day and was tired.
Jessie and Dana were watching TV until she started feeling different.
My doctor said my calcium levels were low.
A gameshow trivia host worked the same gameshow for 30 years.
Courtney loves to play the lottery.
Josh and Ryan were in in the backyard.
Dana wants to paint her nails a new color.
Joe was a depressed man.
A small boy was in a department.
Ted took his entire family to the park for a fun day.
Alex quit an intolerable minimum wage job.
Brian was staying with his grandma for the summer.
My sister in law's husband is renovating their daughter's room.
Harley found a cat in her yard.
Stan worked in a diner in the kitchen.
Ana was at the grocery store.
My brother challenged me in a football match with our friend.
My cousin Becky and I used to be very close.
Deb wanted to go shopping.
Emma had just learned that she'd failed math.
I drove home from work.
Lucius was asked to write a report on aging.
Selena always tried to get a great Christmas photo.
Joe loved his beard.
Susan was running late for work.
May was driving home with her granddaughter Lucy.
Jill was having a great night.
Betty liked candy.
Max decides that he spends too much money buying food at restaurants.
I used to love going to the movies.
Mai was dating Adam.
Our kids were always asking if we could get a cat for a pet.
Kim was soaked when she arrived home.
Rich Cameron wrote an article for the community newspaper.
Charles had a crush on Marlene, a girl from class.
Pat loved to lift heavy weights.
Josh was tired of writing so many short stories for his work.
Fred had his friend over.
Kelsi was cooking some tomato sauce on the stove last night.
Karen fell in love with a boy named Josh.
The coach allowed two people to form a team, Stanley and Diana.
Whitney could not find her phone.
Gina and her friends were at lunch.
Callie ate some yummy fajitas for dinner.
Martin went to camp with his friends.
Kevin was a super-star comedian.
Martha's depression was reaching a fever pitch.
Tim drove trucks.
Sammy loved eating fruit.
Marissa was on a long road trip.
Lucas just sat at home watching South Park all day.
Jake had to tell his parents he was going to get divorced.
We drank tea Chinese style, black.
On Thursday, I went to dinner with some friends.
Carlton had always been afraid to dance with a girl.
The kids loved playing with pool noodles.
Jean stopped for coffee on her way to work.
Rick and a few friends headed to the beach.
Jane studied hard for her test.
Joe decided to go to the casino one day.
Florence loves to try eating new food.
The nation was tense.
Harry went to an exclusive private school.
Ben's friend told him a local house was haunted.
I had an eye doctor's appointment.
Jim went with his friends to the downtown area of the city.
Heather wanted a special treat.
A man wanted to send text messages faster.
Tommy was so excited to start his first day of school.
Pam loves to stay home instead of going out.
My mom used to take me school shopping each August.
Jack liked hunting with his father.
Jane's eyes were unusually large.
Flo made a bad stock investment.
I was watching discovery today.
Kelly had an infected wound.
My cousin introduced me to this dating application.
Linda had been waiting all year for her summer vacation.
I had to rescue my cat from the tree.
Jimmy had always wanted to learn how to play card games.
Ramona's dog was not feeling too well.
It was the fourth of july.
My dad said that it looked good enough to stop.
I took up gymnastics as a young girl.
Brian was my ex-boyfriend of two years.
Lana was having a baby shower.
We had new neighbors in 1996.
John went out to the lake to go fishing one morning.
Walter was in detention.
Every night Carrie was woken up at midnight.
Jake and his grandfather were spending the day together.
Larry loved his grandmother.
Lucy needed a new case.
Outside was completely hot.
Joanna had the weekend off.
When Kris was young he scared his parents.
Betty took a walk along the beach.
Burton applied online to his favorite universities.
Bob bought a new sports car.
The family loaded up into the car.
Some of Dan's cobblestones had grass growing between them.
Rita was just dozing off.
George realized that his face was looking scruffy.
The family got packed and headed on the road to Georgia.
Patricia loved rescuing strays dogs.
He was at a sluggish pace in the morning.
Wendy bought a few items from the grocery store.
Ivan was playing outside.
Donald played chess on his computer.
Jeanie wanted to be class president.
Anna heard a weird noise from her car.
Lorrain has always loved the way that she looks in a fur coat.
The doctor prescribed me anti-inflammatory steroids.
Cindy's daughter had written a letter to Santa.
Eric had glasses his whole life.
Brian grew up in poverty.
My husband and I went to the San Juan Islands for our honeymoon.
Heather had a craving for a chef salad for dinner.
Margo was running late for work.
Kelly bought some new bedding.
The house next door was empty.
Michael was a fighter.
Dan and his dad went to the forest to go hunting.
A waiter named Simone has been working double shifts all week.
There was a power outage in the neighborhood due to the thunderstorm.
Jan and Tom were planning on driving from Switzerland to Italy.
My speaker box came through the mail.
Sara needed to do her homework.
Johnny got a new pet fish for his birthday.
Tony hired a concrete crew.
Samantha's sister was very pretty.
Jim and Erin decided to buy a new house.
Tiffani was starting school.
Carlos had always wanted to visit a church.
Cammy was excited to graduate high-school.
Sarah got into an accident on new year's eve.
Donna is a personal trainer.
Brad broke up with Brixton.
Alana had written a best-selling fantasy novel.
Mark Anthony was an exceptional surgeon.
Josh worked on Mechanical Turk.
My wife's nephew became a father last year.
A man drank a soda.
Patrice was busy organizing her room.
Mike wanted to earn a pizza party at school.
Liz made some homemade chili.
I was so unhappy in St Louis.
Tyler is very obese.
Tim was listening to music.
Kelly was nervous to introduce her boyfriend to her parents.
It was Easter morning and my parents wanted me to take pictures.
My friend got a good work contract.
Jacob was eager for the upcoming science fair.
Angela had a beautiful baby girl.
Cal heard the engine rumbling outside.
Greg works on a ranch.
There was a place that everyone who lived had stinky toes.
Hank had the best grill in town.
I ran in them anyway.
Rosa Parks got on the bus after a hard day at work.
Benji was the new water boy for the football team.
Gunther had heard that coding skills were in high demand.
Mary was visiting family at her childhood home.
My mom didn't buy anything to eat tonight.
Sarah was a detective.
Joe wanted to play golf, but his wife wanted him to stay home.
The man was hiking alone in the woods.
Jack wants to go out with Jill.
Ashley wanted to be a ballerina.
I began working out so I can be less of a fat body.
Jack was walking home from school alone.
Mike was always health conscious.
Yesterday my iron broke.
A long time ago a doctor named Alan was drafted by the army.
Tee wanted to paint her nails.
Jason was walking through the subway and found a penny on the ground.
Martin was a friendly guy.
Fred looks forward to peach season every summer.
Amy had drank a cup of coffee and 2 Red Bulls in one day.
Eric and John decided to play Horse.
I wanted some popcorn.
Bud wanted to make his own beer.
Rhonda's heart pounded as her front tire teetered over the edge.
Bobby was ready for the final.
Zachary knew that he had a special ability.
If I could go back in time I would play football.
Ted started training for his first marathon.
Louise was at the aquarium.
It was the last game for Sam's varsity football team.
Jason wanted to invest in silver.
Tim was forgetful.
I was in Rome and all over are flower salesman.
Ann went to Paris on vacation.
Dad went shopping for a new car.
Megan never finished school and had a lot of trouble reading.
James realizes he hasn't left his home in days.
Emma and Sara wanted to go for a walk.
Harry is a 78 year old retired professor.
I wasn't feeling well yesterday.
Todd took his suit into the dry cleaners to get it cleaned.
Sue's mom took her shopping before she moved into the dorm.
The family was enjoying a picnic at the lake.
Yesterday I went to NYC to see the thanksgiving parade.
Dave wanted to throw a nice dinner party for some friends of his.
Mark wasn't feeling very well.
Casey had a pet rabbit.
Thomas went deep sea fishing with his friends.
I knew my boss was gay, but I didn't think he was prejudice.
I take an elevator to get to my office.
Lindsay was getting ready to buy her new pet parrot.
I play violin and carry my instrument everywhere.
Cornelia has always hated flossing her teeth.
My mom left the house to go to work early.
Ragnar has always wanted to have a hobby.
A few Year's ago, my kitten acted ill.
Kelly decided to go to the new pizza place down the street.
Jamie wanted a new phone.
Kiwi the cat was adopted by her family 5 years ago.
Timmy was an average healthy man.
Jose wanted to swim, so he went to the pool.
The weather had finally cooled off.
Professor Smith was a well liked teacher of black history.
Daisy loves to collect rocks and is proud of her large collection.
I finished my a day at my first job.
They started working on a conversion process.
Our family went to the beach.
Michael was playing a video game.
Ben was working out yesterday.
Sam asked if she can borrow $20 dollars from me.
Amy was at the store checking out.
3 dogs were sitting idle.
I tried to play soccer in high school but it didn't work out.
Rita was having a very difficult time at work.
I used a quad cane after my stroke.
Jay needed to call home.
Franco has started a new job distributing flyers for a coffee shop.
Ava got her navel pierced.
She was my first girlfriend.
Jay called in a local plumber to take a look at his broken toilet.
Alice admired the bobblehead Maria kept on her desk.
I've always wanted to do over a hundred push ups.
Kate wanted to play soccer.
Matthew really wanted to have a play-date with Will.
The Zimmy family loves animals.
Lily's wanted a fish tank just like her friend had.
Kerry wanted to cook on the grill.
Cindy hated valentine's day.
Juan worked out in the fields.
It was Asher and Tiffany's anniversary.
Macy was playing outside near her house.
Cara was making rolls for dinner.
I was trying to tell my uncle a message.
Timothy heard a weird noise in his house upstairs.
Stephanie got a new puppy.
Barry decided to get a cat.
Steve saw some sushi in the fridge.
Rory found out she was adopted.
Nina had an asthma attack in school one day.
The couple was exhausted.
Jeff has been trying to get a promotion at work.
Maxine has always dreamed of being on her school's volleyball team.
Cal was drying off from his shower when he felt the urge to defecate.
Amy had a little goldfish.
Ben was working on building muscles.
Marge and Ivan were drinking a chocolate shake together.
The florist was hard at work.
Sandra was doing her laundry in her apartment's shared facility.
Greg went to his farm often to check on animals.
Deb was a newbie chess player.
The boys were playing video games.
At a low time in the John's life his Mom got him a lovable puppy.
Alice was very particular about her coffee mug.
Alice was sitting on the couch when she became hungry.
People who knew Doug found it hard to believe he was a grandfather.
Jared was under five foot tall.
We had just settled into our tent when we heard rustling outside.
Nora's rice was a little bland.
Henry was racing to get to work one morning.
Suzie always like to tattle on other kids.
Sean decided to move out of his parent's house.
Anna entered a contest at the local grocery store.
I was in a fraternity on campus that threw a lot of loud parties.
My business needs liability insurance, so I contacted a local provider.
John desired to be charitable.
Lacy had two children.
Lucy was hit in the face with a baseball.
Bill had a traffic ticket.
Jamin always thought he was a good driver.
Greg was an overweight man.
Paul was sick of his job and wanted to be his own boss.
Neil had just arrived in Turkey.
There lived an evil queen in England whose name was Alyssa.
Ken decided to tile the floor in his bathroom.
John decided to take his family to the beach on vacation.
I was going to go to a concert but my leg was in pain.
They were trying to determine where to put the new stadium.
My Aunt found out she had stage four lung cancer.
Claire won a tournament at school.
The boy was frustrated.
Ginny and Todd were looking up at the clouds.
The Smiths decided to go to Florida for vacation.
I decided I wanted to read a nonfiction book this afternoon.
One by one, the students grabbed trays from the dining hall.
Jennifer wanted to get a good job.
Tomas is the oldest of a family of eight siblings.
Jordan woke up to her electricity shutting off.
Marty wanted a new video game, but had no money.
Tessa wanted to get her ears pierced.
Colin was a very picky eater.
Ben and his brother made a secret clubhouse.
Tom and Susan had one child.
Growing up, I had always wanted to visit France.
Rachel wanted me to meet her new kitty.
Stew loves libertarian candidates.
Nick was sledding with his siblings.
Steve went to church every sunday.
The Jackson family decided it would be fun to go to the beach.
A new playground was made in the school.
It was hot that day.
Sue was baking sugar cookies.
My Nanny always threw a big Thanksgiving party.
This morning I was having a bad feeling.
The TV would not start.
Jimmy knew he could do it.
A pair of cats were sitting on a fence in the summer sun.
The taxi stopped at the front of my house.
Bob had a job interview.
Jackie's vacuum barely had any suction.
Arnold was scared of roaches.
Andrew was a house flipper.
Carly was excited to swim at the local pool.
I woke up and saw a very gray sky outside.
Roy was at a staff meeting that was soon to close.
My aunt was against using vaccines.
Jay was always shy around Linda.
Peter was very excited.
Today was a sad day for Jim.
Rick forgot to bring his gym clothes to school.
Annie always got to chose what her birthday cake would look like.
Candy has a crush on her classmate Dan.
Maria hated to drive in the snow.
Leslie wanted to save money on textbooks.
Jon loved to play slamball.
Bev was driving home from work one day.
Julie got her son, Jason,  Legos for his birthday.
Amy stayed in her room as long as she could.
My mother wanted a new dog.
Joe went on a date.
Leslie is my boss and she is very good at her job.
Rick was memorizing all of digits of pi.
Jack was taking an important test.
The couple was moving to Mexico.
My car broke down.
Yesterday I felt very sick.
Erica was going to prom with the boy of her dreams.
Harry had been out walking for miles.
Gina thoroughly tired of Illinois.
As a child I got lost in the forest behind my house one night.
Jill's tomatoes kept disappearing off the plant on her deck.
My friend Bobby called to invite me out to dinner.
Keith is a musician.
The guys in the Navy division called Mike a comedian.
Sean was playing a tune on his guitar.
There was a cake competition on Saturday.
Tim was a swimmer.
Lulu heard that there was supposed to be a super moon.
Jay has been working at the restaurant.
The tech store was having a deal.
I have to have surgery on Monday, which is five days away.
The parents bought their daughter a car.
Bill always loosened the cap on the salt shaker in restaurants.
My neighbor asked me to water his flowers while he was on vacation.
Brittany's parents split up when she was in middle school.
Missy and two of her friends went on a girls weekend.
Corey was hanging a picture in the wall.
Rachel was on a vacation in a foreign country.
Sam was online.
Timmy got a check in the mail for his birthday.
Harry was going to go hiking last week.
Kelly was excited to get a new handbag.
Rick had a broken DVD player laying around.
Charlie loved his long hair.
John wanted to eat dinner.
I was walking in a field one day.
I think my cat is addicted to catnip.
Don was always moving slow.
Greg went to the park hoping to play a game of basketball.
Amy was in art class.
My sister-in-law Ann is almost 70.
Luke loved everything about Star Wars.
Brady and his wife moved to New Jersey.
There was a lot of down time at the warehouse.
Beth was suspended from school for fighting.
We had trouble displaying our Christmas cards last year.
Becky never had a shrimp before.
The waiter asked the guests if they wanted anything to drink.
Tony was writing a long list.
Martin and his older brother Jim went to the amusement park.
Daniel always wanted to shoot a gun.
We left the island yesterday.
I was working when I got a call from the mall.
My Korean friend took me to the Asian side of town.
Lucy's grandma was teaching her to sew.
Anna applied bleach to color her roots.
Beth wanted to play the role of Juliet in her school play.
Barbecue is famous at Dave's house.
Mary stopped at the store to buy something for the office picnic.
Chip has a cooking job.
Jasper fell in love with Staci when he was young.
I wanted to live every writer's dream.
The family came to the stage to clean it up.
I like desktop Christmas trees.
Gabe, Nate and Joe were brothers with a ton of energy.
In my previous life I was a singer and composer.
Will's girlfriend dumped him.
Kate needed a new hat.
Nell had always wanted to go to Spain.
Rhonda has been ready to take a beach vacation for months.
Juliet's parents were coming over for dinner.
Tim had a soccer match.
My friend works at McDonald's.
Jennifer's grandmother told her to not climb the fence.
Today i decided to bake some cookies.
Kyle lost his job.
Chad's kids wanted to go to the zoo.
Sarah always loved tater-tots.
Sarah wanted to get a guard animal.
Morgan was the king of his country.
There was a big snowstorm.
Susie was feeling lonely in class.
Logan loved to knit.
Bob saw the snow falling outside his room window.
Walking on a California beach I came upon a jellyfish.
Lester enjoyed watching movies at the theater.
Ben warmed up his lunch and put it in his insulated lunchbox.
Larry noticed that his faucet wasn't working.
My dog ran out of his usual food.
Young Betty had always loved watching her grandmother bake.
Chuck had just bought a new car stereo.
Kelly got a new dog yesterday.
I try to do Laundry twice a week.
Javier noticed that his running shorts were becoming worn out.
Sally was an artist at school.
Marie had been hearing strange noises every night.
Evan was happy to be pregnant.
Timmy went to the shooting range for the first time.
Ricky had just gotten a new puppy.
One day Timothy and his dad went fishing.
Ricky loved to eat chips.
David and his friends went to the lake.
Ron hated music and thought it was all annoying noise.
Benny bought a new camera.
Jenna was going sun tanning at the beach.
I wanted to go meet some new people.
Adam's teacher told the class there would be an exam the next day.
Shelby wanted to be a cheerleader.
Tony was out for a walk.
Sam wanted to play baseball very badly.
Martha was overweight.
Frederick Thompson, a white kid, knew blacks used to be in slavery.
Once, there was a little girl with a pet rabbit.
Amy and her friends had been watching movies for hours.
Laughter and fun times was always important to Ellie.
Frank is a teacher who is ready for it to be summer.
Lucy was making macaroni.
Julie liked putting pom poms on lots of things.
Randy told his children he would be there for them at the game.
As a little boy, Charles loved riding buses.
Sarah had a new job at a diner.
Mark wanted to buy a new laptop.
Brad's father had abandoned him when he was 4.
The family was in awe.
She turned up the television to drown out the background noise.
Austin got a new camcorder for his birthday.
Bjorn was a Viking.
Anna was reading a great book during lunch period.
Jake was stretching for his first run in 20 minutes.
Kate and Bailey wanted a puppy.
Suzanne attended a party at her church.
Tanner was moving into a new home.
Billy's cat got stuck in a tree.
A major street near Gina's home was closing for repairs.
The weather called for several inches of snow.
The girl was thirsty.
Todd and his buddies drove to a campsite in the wilderness.
Barry wanted to bake some cupcakes.
Tim always wanted a fast car like his friends.
I was supposed to hang out with my family today.
Joe decided to order a pizza.
Bob needed a haircut.
Marco notices that the weather is getting colder.
Louise was trying to write a song.
Lucy and her grandma were going grocery shopping.
Gina had been waiting on the principal for 15 minutes.
Adrian was a fine art consultant for a gallery in Newport Beach.
The Perez family liked to go to the park.
Whitney was skeptical.
Bob had recently acquired an old box of storage from his grandfather.
Reggie was proud of having 12 years without a car accident.
I bought new dog food for my dog.
Anthony woke up at 7:15 in the morning.
Lois was cleaning out her house.
Arnie thought that he had failed his math test.
Linda loved it when strangers complimented her boy's blonde curls.
There was a man buying a house.
Mark was feeling hungry.
A squirrel scampered across the yard.
Rachel and Timmy wanted to do something on a Sunday.
Andy went swimming on Tuesday.
Amy marched over to the table Kim was sitting at.
Tim revved his engine at the car next to him at a light.
Todd got an error message while trying to log into his account.
Billy wanted to buy a brand new video game.
Laura couldn't afford to buy a dress for the school dance.
Karl's mom washed his lunchbox often.
Susan loves to ride her horse on the nearby trails.
Daniel thought it was a good idea to wash the blankets on his bed.
One day my cousin and I bought takeout for our families.
Sally and Frankie were having a bubble gum blowing contest.
Amanda always got sick while travelling.
Jerome stayed up all night reading a book.
I always hate PE.
Mary was pregnant.
Chris had spent so much time playing Mario.
There was a boy who followed Isabella around at school.
The fair came to town a few weeks ago.
Holmberg hosted a radio show every day.
Stephen worked at a supermarket.
Dave's brother John was always so mean to Dave.
My neighbor came over for tea this morning.
Ally and Jake were siblings.
The friends all sat on the curb.
Abdullah arrives at the gym.
A young boy was bored at the grocery store with his mom.
Julie was impressed that Ricardo liked her, he was rich.
John got hired at a circle k.
I once had a dog named Bob.
A woman took her dog the park to play fetch.
Chris had been agoraphobic for years.
John was driving to a new destination.
Dave was homeless and hated it.
Neil was traveling in Vietnam.
Three men rolled a giant ball up a steep hill.
My friends posted pictures of me on social media.
May was digging in the dirt.
Kate was driving to school.
Jerry ate Chinese take-out last night.
Riley had always heard that Argentina had delicious food and wine.
Ari couldn't eat pork.
Being late for work was normal for Coco.
One day my teacher allowed us to dismiss 30 seconds before the bell.
Amanda was cleaning out her hallway closet.
Clara's niece was turning 3 on Saturday.
Tim closed down his laptop after finally typing the last word.
Kelly had a drawing with her work last week about winning an iPad.
I went to the bank yesterday.
Jane wanted to let her hair grow long.
Brian wanted a beard long enough to braid.
A sports reporter stays at a Marriott Hotel.
Sam writes news stories.
Larissa had always been mean and bossy.
Tanya was trying to communicate with Khan.
I was visiting a festival with some friends when we heard gunshots.
My friend Rupert was carrying a long mirror to his room.
Bill wanted to be a professional editor.
My new best friend is Tracy E Warren.
Kelly was excited to attend a one direction concert.
Melanie wanted to grow fruit for her family.
The man owned a burger shop.
Bob was frustrated that his computer system wasn't working.
My neighbor Steve went out for a walk today.
Joe needed a new phone.
Ellen was drunk at the bar one night.
My wife got a raise at her job.
Our local church hosts a fish fry every Friday during Lent.
Alex had to have a vaccination for school.
Carson invited two of his friends on a canoe trip.
Bill had just got a new job.
Charles saw something stuck to his porch.
Matt wanted to go to Germany.
Kerry had a party to attend.
We decided to take a tour of the old houses downtown.
Kelly's kids were starving.
Noah had track practice two times a week.
Becky wanted to do something fun during her evenings.
Luis' personal trainer always made him stretch before every workout.
Alice was a teacher at an elementary school.
Jon liked a girl.
Joey was very insecure about himself.
Peanut was a hungry pitbull.
Nick needed to clean his turtle's tank.
Amy didn't have time to leave the store she worked at for lunch.
I cooked some sausage last night.
Lea was nervous about starting high school .
My cell phone lanyard broke on Wednesday.
Jen is worried that no one will ask her to the prom.
Martin got a job at a fast food place.
I was having so much fun with my new iPhone.
Tyrese just got dumped.
Everyone knew that Tim believed in ghosts.
Andy wanted to be a tennis player.
Louis was very concerned when his mother didn't show up for lunch.
Erica woke up one morning not feeling well.
Edna and Jessie were at the mall together.
I once wanted to have a pet frog.
Niles escaped from prison.
Jenna got a dog.
Harry's high school friend had passed away in a car crash.
Liam loved stickers of every kind.
Joey had to choose between hanging out and covering a shift.
Amy and her brother made friends with a man who moved next door.
Mary's mom Nina watched the dog while the family was on vacation.
Rick was really making me angry.
The sixth grade was having an election for a new president.
Gary saw his crush at the gym.
Polly liked to walk on the track at the middle school.
He moved rapidly along the walkway and into the building.
Frank wanted to start a comic book.
Gina sat on her school bus in a window seat.
Clara loved to make mud pies in her backyard.
OUr family loves baseball very much.
Gina's jewelry was on her dresser.
Ashton was shaving his beard.
I baked some cookies.
Sally was very excited for her blind date.
Jean hasn't seen her best friend in two Year's.
Hank was angry about how often his neighbors would party.
Nancy was boiling milk when her phone rang.
My wife brought the car in for service today.
Emma had smoked since she was a teen.
Gina's wanted to leave Illinois and go back to Minnesota.
Linda was taking her dream trip.
Tim hates cats.
John went camping with his friend.
A few years ago, everyone around me was learning to skateboard.
Kim was moving.
Simon got out his surfboard and walked across the beach.
The woman's son loved Minecraft.
Mike envied the powerful new Tornado class vacuum cleaner.
Marco had a lot of money.
Gene asked Marty why he wasn't getting his department email.
The Nurses Ball was about to start.
Benny was laying outside.
When Ted got home from work, he noticed a broken window.
Year's have passed since Hector last tried to write a novel.
Tom was at the supermarket with his mom.
I loved garlic bread.
Sally was staying with her grandmother on the farm.
Henry's cousin ran to him.
Diana needed a bus ticket to get home.
Julie loved fresh flowers.
Cory spent the day exploring San Francisco.
Lucy cleaned out her garage and found a bunch of junk.
As a child Paul's family took a vacation to Washington state.
Johnny loves playing catch with his dad.
Luis loved cars.
Dave was the best detective in the world.
April was not feeling well when she woke up.
Tony and his buddies were pumped.
Chad was in a rush to get to work yesterday.
John loved to scare his little brother Dave.
Our condo recently changed laundry machines.
Mike was a skilled and trusted auto technician.
Allison goes to camp every summer.
Robbie was confused by his homework.
I needed to buy a new part for my computer.
Karen loved almost everything about her job.
Tom loved to ride his bike.
Steve had a sleepover at his friend Peter's house.
Our daughter's friends in California have conceived.
A boy walked up to the ticket taker at the local circus.
Sam was on a date with her boyfriend.
The boat was filled with passengers as it crossed the Atlantic.
Maggie's favorite Youtubers put out a new video.
I seen the first Star Wars movie when I was ten.
Jeff grabbed an inner tube and ran to the stairs.
Tina is a beautiful administrative assistant.
Tom was relaxing in the park.
Emily was looking for something in her brother's room.
Dylan had never drag raced before.
Anna and her seatmate on the plane got along well.
Kevin was excited to take a trip to the candy store and could not wait.
One day I was driving home from work.
Charles is a black man who is used to dating black women.
I looked at a larger apartment the other day.
Amy was at the end of her rope with her dorm mate Sue.
Alicia decided she wanted to have a taco night.
Tom walked home from the library.
James received a new skateboard for his birthday.
Al's girlfriend was a hard worker.
My brother and father went for a hike up a steep mountain.
A container ship left China with a cargo of rare earth metals.
Corina was very proud of her social circle.
The British were coming.
Han bought a scratch lottery ticket.
Tim stepped out of the shower and grabbed a towel.
The kids loved playing games.
Last year I went on a trip to Vienna.
Jannie loved animals.
Neal needed to find his old school ring.
Jeremy really wanted to compete in a Tough Mudder race.
First, I put bait on my hook.
I was about to go on space mountain for the first time.
One of my favorite pizzas is from whole foods.
I tried my first sip of beer in sixth grade.
Sage and Belle got to the park early that morning.
Joe had recently graduated from college.
I got really drunk at the hotel bar.
I woke up for work and couldn't find my shoes.
Harold had done a lot of work to his house.
Jeff painted his mailbox bright blue to make it look nice.
Millie was expecting all of her gifts to arrive by Christmas.
Mister Song was a brilliant concert pianist.
Joanna and Sarah were happy that the snow had gotten school cancelled.
Amy was buying new athletic shoes.
Tim knew he wanted to go to college since kindergarden.
Jimmy's computer was running slow.
Tom had to wash the dishes.
I was in Canada.
Horace had always dreamed of owning his own coffee shop.
Matt had never made iced tea before.
Landon's ninth birthday party is a huge success.
It was a stormy day in Seattle.
Rebecca realizes that she has gained weight.
Charles was an engineer on a navy ship.
Beth and her friends were studying together.
Ed was called for jury duty.
I was in the river fishing one day.
Helen wants to visit her aunt Alice for Christmas.
Mary turned the corner at the new intersection.
The driver got into his car.
Jay had the same computer for a while.
Jeremy bought diving equipment and took lessons.
His son was a good boy, he had brown curly hair and kind eyes.
I had to escort my grandmother out of the eye doctor.
Becky was famous.
Michael and his family live in Alaska.
My mom was cleaning out the table.
Tom had recently bought a bar.
Rupert could not sleep because he was afraid.
Gina's crush Jamie had broken his leg.
Dan was going to be in trouble if his parent saw his report card.
Nasty Eva was cruel and mean, and very wealthy.
Today, Jimmy had loads of yard work to do.
I use a cane to walk.
Brown-haired Ellen dreamed of being a blonde.
The baseball team had been practicing for their big game for months.
Astrid had a favorite pair of socks.
My mom made lemon pudding for dessert.
Omar was reading a calculus book.
I moved into a new house one day but needed a tablecloth.
There was a power outage in the Smith residence.
Jill is afraid of storms.
A plumber was fixing pipes in an old and historical house.
Ciara and Quade loved going to the movies.
Justin was laid off from work.
Jake was picking up his friend to go to school.
Evan, ten and timid, went to the theme park with his family.
Cindy was playing in her backyard with her dog, Scooter.
Sophia was running late as she ran down the hall.
Drew went to the grocery shop.
Rick liked playing in the mud.
Billy went to the fair with his family.
Carly was upset when her wedding photographer failed to show up.
Amber and Rob had taken some time apart.
The guy was planting a tree in the back yard.
Truman was a professional typist.
The school Christmas play was approaching fast.
Kate wanted to play soccer in a league.
My 19 year old niece is a Snapchat user.
Adam loved to eat ice cream.
Paul was throwing away a stack of newspapers.
Stacy's mom had broke her leg in a fall.
Every day, Susan watched the school bus pick up her older sister.
Tim and Juan were playing putt putt.
John has always wanted to learn how to play the piano.
Kelly's massive truck made her feel like queen of the road.
Mae was a 12 year old that hated to smile.
Neil loved seeing beautiful natural wonders.
Ava was skiing one day.
An old man moved into my apartment house.
I am a violinist and carry my violin everywhere.
My dad always put up candles in the windows for Christmas.
Greg went on a diet but he didn't lose weight.
Ross was really into adventure games.
June hated doing laundry.
Red had a big football game to play in one day.
Tommy had to get repairs done on his car.
Tito woke up with a headache.
The boy had a project.
My sister in law was excited this week.
It had been raining all morning.
Little Timmy is too young for action movies.
Kirk wanted to spend his birthday at Splashworld Water Park.
Jim's hands were sweating as he was walking to her front door.
My cat Egypt is a very pretty cat.
Dominic and his friends would skate everywhere they could.
Dan started playing volleyball in the summer.
Tracy needed to get a John a gift for his birthday.
Julie decided to go out for a walk.
Molly was so excited about her upcoming birthday.
Sara had a long day of calling bill companies ahead of her.
Julie's family wanted a new dog.
Luigi was a pizza chef.
Marissa was driving to work after a big snowstorm.
Kate bought her kids' school supplies.
She was dropped off at college the day after she turned 18.
My teacher took us to the farm for a field trip.
Sherri had cancer.
Scott was a landscape architect.
Timmy always watched a tv show called Circle One.
Sara needed a new car.
Ben and Jen love fortune cookies.
Johnny went to the mall.
My brother decided to buy it.
Anna was playing volleyball at the regional tournament.
Tory purchased the most perfect crystal earrings.
Gary stole Hannah's teddy bear.
Bonnie and Connie were getting tired of wearing matching clothes.
Kate was at her grandpa's nightclub in the afternoon.
Jane liked this part of the routine the best.
Brad can never find the remote in his house.
Two kids were playing football in the street.
Two guys walked towards Haley.
I love mowing the lawn.
I wanted to learn how to make a katana.
Hoshi was making a japanese meal for her new in-laws.
Nell loved to walk in the field behind her house.
Jerry went to a bar and ordered a few drinks.
Fluffy the cat loved to chase squirrels.
The couple held hands in excitement.
Steve crept up to a running car.
I came in from the cold last night.
Pat usually got good grades in school.
My friend's brother asked if he could kick a ball at my car.
Taylor is a stand up comedian.
In 2012 I was all scheduled and set to have a major surgery.
Last week I went to our building common room to read.
Mira and Dave were driving cross-country to their hometown.
Melissa was tired of her dog making a mess in the kitchen.
Once I met a cute boy.
Like many people, I order photo Christmas cards each year.
I was on a date last week.
Velma wanted to get a frozen banana from the banana stand.
Penny wanted to grow up and be just like her mom.
Kay was tired of being overweight.
Fanny wanted to decorate her garden.
Grace wanted to look her very best on her wedding day.
Evie is a jewel thief.
Jane was having a rough week.
Johnny wanted to sell his old car.
I met her on the highway, she passed me going 80mph.
Five men were working in a rock quarry.
My mom and I love the show breaking bad.
The day started off raining and I just finished my morning coffee.
Jim usually ate oatmeal everyday.
Beverly bought some property in the hills of Kentucky.
Becky was in a book club.
A man won the lottery and became rich overnight.
Patrick had a job interview.
Bill turned 21 last week.
Once, I was teaching the Odyssey to my English class.
Harold hated to shop.
Grandmother Minnie gave her grandchildren special gifts.
Tobias wanted to become an actor but had no acting experience.
One day the Johnson family went to the aquarium.
Jack was going to try out for basketball for his school.
Andy did not like gym.
Annie had an appointment.
Dawson had studied hard for his math test.
Carol smoothed her skirt and fixed her hair.
When my child turned 5 I began to work at her school as a TA.
I left my house early to go jogging.
Alex had been trying to teach his dog to sit.
Beth was in college.
Anna woke up starving one morning.
Mary is walking home.
When I was 9 years old I had what I thought was the best day ever.
My piano instructor came over for my lessons.
Amy's coach was giving a pep talk before the game.
John needed to get across the country, from Georgia to Oregon.
I went to use my Touch ID on my phone.
Hannah loved kids.
Alex went out for pizza with some friends.
I was looking through apps for my daughter the other day.
Martha had been told by her parents not to go out.
A couple was arguing in front of the coffee shop.
The man was a professional musician.
Dan needed a job to pay his rent.
Ed had to write a short story for his English class.
Grace was a great artist.
Mary stepped out of the store after a Day of shopping.
Sam was making a pickle and cheese sandwich.
Dale has a gambling problem.
Laura's key stopped working in the door lock.
The girl scouts were hard at work.
Charles graduated college and rented an apartment.
Keith was watching a movie at home.
Jane and Tom both liked each other a lot.
The class was going to end in five minutes.
Haruki was walking home when he heard the sound of a cat.
Yesterday my son went with his friends to a concert.
Pat was tired of shopping.
Tony was trying to project his voice.
Guillermo really needed money.
Francis, an elderly and frail man, was moved by charity solicitations.
The family headed to the park.
Berry grabbed the soda can.
My daughter lives in NYC and we live in Boston.
The kids were fighting in the car.
Logan is going to the park.
The actors were ready to perform.
John was paying for snacks at a convenience store.
When I was a teenager my parents asked me to say grace at Christmas.
I wanted to go to Philadelphia.
When I was a kid, I played on a basketball team.
Today was the day for Martha to learn to get her driver's license!
The family was on a boat in California.
Randy told his mom that he wanted to buy lunch at school.
Jessica had had enough.
Aaron was a very sweet and funny boy.
Barry hated animals.
Rick didn't like wasting gas driving to nearby places.
Nick went on a cruise.
Rose was at the jewelry store.
Ernest was playing video games.
Tom invited lots of people over.
I heard a knock on the door a little while ago.
Kelly decided she wanted to go on a rollercoaster.
A young lady was running through the sand at the beach.
We had a facetime session with our granddaughter last week.
The Christmas tree had a giant hole.
Hugo got a job as a bellhop.
Ryan was the point guard on his school basketball team.
Carl worked in a hospital.
Jack wanted to learn how to perform card tricks.
Kate couldn't figure out what was going on.
Jennifer went for a walk one day to the store.
Deana wanted to pass math class really bad.
Joy was turning sixteen in August.
Tim really wanted a tattoo.
My friend and I stepped on the boat.
Sally has been single for a long time.
I found a lost dog in the park one day.
Rihanna noticed that she had a large white head on her nose.
Eric was going on a road trip to Harper's Ferry.
There was a big bat that would fly down every night.
Lucy wanted her cartilage pierced.
Liz had been waiting months for the new tablet to come out.
In the police line up, Mark was getting nervous.
Art was browsing in Best Buy.
All of the students boarded the bus.
I'm a youth leader for a local church and absolutely love my job.
Gia was making a road trip.
Janet was baking a cake.
The guys lined up at the starting line.
The family was very rich.
I retired from my job in September of 2012.
Although Jenny's team was winning, she was mad at Diana.
I was living in my car and needed internet.
Mary was in big trouble.
When I was in kindergarten I never liked to talk in front of my class.
Morgan can run really fast.
Haley prepared her dress shoes and clothes for church.
Max always used to say he wanted to be a pilot.
I was on a bench in front of my building.
Stan was an avid golfer.
Barney, Ted, and Marshall decided to go to a cafe instead of a bar.
Today while I was driving, I received a text.
Tom had a crooked table.
Justin was playing basketball at the park.
The man found some money.
My friends bought some tickets to an Offspring concert.
Kelly had shopped for months.
A new supervisor started at my workplace last week.
Terena wanted to write a story.
One day the Johnston family kitchen caught on fire.
Roma knew there was a tomato with her name.
The kid's back hurt.
I went shopping last weekend.
The kids were helping pack their lunches.
Jesse ran over her favorite flower bush.
Danny had a chess match with Dan.
Kyle has always wanted write a novel.
Gertrude was a very grumpy woman.
Last Tuesday I had quite the adventure!
Gus considered himself a pro at video games.
Recently I've been craving the cereal called Oh's.
Andy wants to become a stand up comedian.
I had a violin lesson tomorrow, but hadn't practiced at all.
Kelly didn't like her living room.
Anna saw a cocoon in her apple tree.
The 3 nations all had the best spies from around around gathered.
A big storm was brewing.
Debra was diagnosed with a deadly cancer.
While on her way to school Mary's backpack broke.
On a bright day, Mike looked at the sun.
Peter was invited to a party.
Cabot was entering eighth grade.
Nelson knew he needed to lose weight but he didn't know how?
Evan had been saving for years.
Yvonne wanted to bake the best pie.
Suzanne was redoing her bathroom.
Yesterday I went on a trip to the islands.
Julian had a bit of bad luck.
The family was headed to the fair.
Mary was cooking for her boyfriend Tom who was a chef.
Ken was walking on the beach.
Lisa saw an infomercial for a special towel.
Anna won a fish at the carnival.
Heavy rain occurred on the highway.
Walter had always wanted a pet ever since he was 7.
Vicki was a musician.
My wife's friend Tom was in a hospital waiting room yesterday.
Jim liked buying his kids fun toys.
A squirrel checked out the back yard.
Rob loved going to the zoo.
I was driving to work one day.
Brian has two younger brothers who do as he says.
I got a new roommate in my apartment today.
Mary was having a great day.
Beth was a manipulative person and made people not like her.
Matt spent the night in a large mansion.
Henry barely had any friends at his new school.
Lindsey was a great cook.
Jimmy was a good quarterback.
Gabriel was looking for a specific beer.
My friend is a girl and she is my classmate.
Gabriel woke up to a buzzing alarm.
Seth was an animator for an animation company.
I brought out my old telescope.
Tina was really bored one day.
My mom loaned money from Jeff to pay her car bill.
Georgia was walking home from school.
Jessie really liked singing.
The kids loved visiting the zoo.
Mary liked riding her bike along the beach.
Harrison bought a new bird.
Annie challenged her friend Todd to a hot dog eating contest.
Courtney had her popcorn and soda.
When my parents came home, I was scared.
Lawrence was bouncing on his bed.
Jim was in a junior hockey league.
Kelly's mom was planning her birthday party.
Ron had long, crazy hair.
Jen's family was very loud.
Leo was lying in the sand at the beach.
Ted usually would get hungry way before his lunch time.
Clark is driving home.
Andrew was building something in his backyard.
Marsha had just completed her science fair project.
Billy nagged his dad every morning to try coffee.
Chuck was talking to a customer about a new computer.
The farmer wanted to add a large animal.
The kids were riding go karts for the first time.
The farm was looking bare.
The lady was looking through her jewelry box.
Bennie wants to learn how to play drums.
Dave won all expense paid trip to Bali.
My neighbor Sue has a 2 year old granddaughter, Ann.
Tony walked to class with Krista every morning.
Kevin is dancing in the club.
Caleb and Henry wanted to see a movie.
In his final basketball game, Chris broke his leg.
Billy got the horses out of the barn.
A young couple went on a walk together at dusk.
Julie took three pairs of size 12 pants into the fitting room.
Jerry wanted to snuggle with his Mom.
I have a problem with things falling out of my pockets.
Landon is a daredevil and will try just about anything.
Jerry was going meet his father for a ball game.
I had some guinea pigs growing up.
Tom broke his leg and was in the hospital for a while.
Mike thought he was a better dancer then Jerome.
I never went fishing as a child.
Jenny was working at the register at her job.
Kim thought she was hungry.
Jamie took her baby and set it down in the crib.
Arthur wrote in his diary every single day.
My wife helped her sister drive from Cambridge to Stoughton.
Josh decided to go fishing.
The girl was going on a sleepover.
Susie taught Math.
Alice was eating burritos for lunch.
Travis wanted a new bike.
Barry was a spy operating in Germany.
One day Clarissa went to her swim meet.
My friend Sally was singing at a recital, and needed someone on piano.
Kathryn was riding bikes with her friend Juanita.
Joe got a telescope for his birthday.
My cat likes to catch all kinds of animals.
We went to the beach the other day.
I saw a woman walk out of our building with a dog.
Susie got a bike that she used everyday.
Carla was cooking supper.
Rocky was going through a hard time.
Matt was visiting his uncle for the first time.
I wanted to try cigarettes when I was a kid.
Mike liked to cook over the campfire.
I almost lost my friend one day.
Juan moved back in with his parents after losing his job.
Ollie's teacher asked him to stay after class.
Tara hates her new job.
I made a really fun breakfast this morning.
Mindy didn't like her work at all.
Karen wanted to learn to play a new game.
Bill was nervous for the baseball game.
Samantha asked her parents if she could adopt a pet.
Sadie was in class when Rebecca announced that her pen was missing.
Sweet Pea is a calico cat who enjoys looking out the window.
Bob was on trial for killing someone in a car accident.
Kevin loved supporting his team.
Tracy wanted out of his relationship with Douglas?
Linda decided to take a job as a bartender.
Rob ran cross country in college.
Marcus really wanted to become the best bodybuilder.
Caleb was making scrambled eggs.
Josh was very sad to find out he could not find his radio.
Rory was working at his job in a supermarket.
Our niece had day surgery last week.
I went for a big interview yesterday.
One year I completely forgot about mother's day.
The two teams were meeting in the finals.
Amber got her nails done bright yellow.
Adam just had a baby with his girlfriend.
Giselle had trained for years.
John had to play a music show in an hour.
The guys liked to go out to eat.
Lea dreaded working with Dan because he was sexually harassing her.
Clint wanted to find a hobby.
One day Tom took the wrong bus instead of his usual bus.
The teacher gave Christian a homework assignment to bake a cake.
All the kids in my city are playing Pokemon.
Roy had a party today but the house was a mess.
A house in Max's town had been robbed recently.
The woman loved decorating her home.
Kevin adopted an animal.
Misses Dash was a third year teacher.
A new grocery store was opening in town.
I went back to the hotel last night.
We all have confessions, some big and some small.
My nephew moved to Stoughton, MA this summer.
Peter had a pet cat.
I had a final exam in my math class today.
I went to play basketball with some friends.
Clyde took a vacation to Hawaii.
Greg wanted to learn how to play tennis.
The Mexican restaurant was very popular.
Hannah saw a house with the light on.
The couple's new house was a big upgrade from their apartment.
Shane couldn't sleep.
My daughter wants to take gymnastics classes.
The couple had been fighting.
I had to tell the lifeguard my name.
The guests all huddled behind the couch.
It was raining hard in Josh's area.
Our local high school football team has recently become popular.
One day James took his car to the car wash.
Jace was eating ice cream.
Lew's tenants had not paid rent for months, and he had to evict them.
Harold decided that he wanted to eat pizza for dinner.
Eliza finished first place in her school's geography quiz.
My wife's supervisor never mentioned her father.
The family boarded the train.
The family was visiting a fort for the day.
Jasmine saw a delivery man walk up her front steps.
Sal was attending a wedding.
Cleo liked to eat cheese.
Marshall had been engaged for years with a girl named Lily.
Skip was out on a date with his girlfriend.
Richard was sitting at his computer.
My car has started to make some noises.
Ray was always afraid of dogs.
After a night at the bar, my friend wanted to drive home.
The family bought a new fire pit for the backyard.
One day the Bosher family had a barbecue.
My family moved into a rental house.
The woman worked hard on her pottery.
The family liked visiting new places.
Laura missed her puppy a lot!
The kids heard a familiar sound.
I ate a big muffin.
Last week, Shannon worked eight days in a row.
Rachel was acting very sad lately and none of us were sure why!
John's phone would not stay powered on.
John and his friend have a competition.
The family was visiting NASA.
My wife and I went out on Sunday.
Deena had been searching for the perfect toy chest.
Tom is cleaning.
Anita drove far into the mountains to interview an actor.
Ki was training her horse to do tricks.
Anne was a famous blogger.
Mister Smith had a peach tree in his backyard.
Max was downloading a game to his phone.
Pete was a cook at a restaurant.
We usually have a big breakfast on Saturday.
I work at a neighborhood house tutoring kids.
Reese signed up for a four week fishing class.
My wife babysat her grandnephew Matt today.
I was talking to my girlfriend.
Mavis was typing a letter to his daughter in Baltimore.
Troy worked in a submarine in the Navy.
Sara worked at a fast food restaurant.
The man was working on his car.
Justin bought a new mountain bike.
Sandy was sad.
Sean always liked penguins.
Eric was a chef.
One morning, Stuart's car wouldn't start.
Red decided to try rock climbing.
The walls are lit up.
Susie reached for a bag of grapes.
Growing up in a farm we always had fresh fruit and vegetables.
Hamlet loved eating everything he could get his hands on.
Gertie is a 90 year old woman who lives in our building.
Leticia's first day at college was dull.
The woman was indecisive.
Heather has two sons and one step son, all of which are teenagers.
Ivory and Matt have been together for 6 years.
Patrick loved being organized.
The kid had cold feet.
Rick decided to eat whenever he got stressed out.
Perry let his auto insurance lapse.
There was an old swimming hole by the Peterson's farm.
Becky always brought a bundle to school.
Lee had a trusted crystal supplier but decided to hunt for bargains.
My son started a new school last week.
I was on a run with a couple people.
Shelley and Hopkins were about to get into an argument.
I wanted to speak at our club.
Today is a special day.
The teens went into the abandoned house.
Al brought Amy some roses on their first date.
Nazareth was shephard in Israel.
Lewis loved comic books.
The friends were having a bar crawl.
Bernie wore a fancy hat as he strolled through the park.
We used to buy dim sum from a restaurant in Allston.
I got a cool wallet in Alaska.
Lisa liked making crafts.
Jen loved petting her dog.
Anna tried everything to cure her hiccups.
Hugo was a decent boxer.
Nelly is turning seven this week.
Erica was finally redoing her bedroom.
Today I sat on a bench in front of our building.
The class sat on the gym floor and watched the assembly.
It had been raining a lot.
Luise went to the bakery to buy a baguette.
Ron decided to become a vegetarian.
Marjorie loved making hand-made quilts.
Trey took his son to the park.
I went to New York City to sing last year.
I ate a handful of psychedelic mushrooms.
One day Eleanor decided to join the Highway Cleanup team.
Nancy was late getting to work today.
It was an incredibly hot summer's day.
Patsy was 14, and had always been an only child.
Gloria's doctor told her she had diabetes.
Wilma was rowing her boat in Louisiana.
Lucy loved watching her older sister roller skate.
Ansel loved taking photos of people.
My wife was going to the store today.
Vicki pulled up to the lake.
The party was going strong.
The couple had been fighting a lot.
Ben traveled to Korea.
The girls were assembling a bookshelf.
Julia loved cooking.
Gregory had just graduated college.
Cal was heartbroken when his old dog got very sick.
Minnie was hoping to buy her first home.
Tina lived in a subdivision with an HOA.
Last week I picked my sister up from the Louisville airport.
Beth packed her kids' lunches.
The weather was getting colder.
Miranda's favorite doll was her troll.
We did not have that much in common.
One day Susie realized she needed to wash her dog.
Renee was walking downtown.
Joe was bit by a cat when he was very young.
Mark was very tired.
When Conner was a child he took judo classes.
Tammy woke up one bright morning.
Zach had practiced for weeks.
Kevin was fishing in the middle of the lake.
Carrie turned four yesterday.
The family went on a vacation to the beach.
Loris had always wanted to be famous.
Henry prepared baked chicken, with rice and mashed potatoes.
Our five year old neighbor Freddie was out today.
Travis had trouble saving money.
Joey's mother took him to the zoo.
Whitney was shaking with nervousness.
Ben saved up money for a year.
Jane had a movie night at her house one night with her friends.
Dave was playing flag football.
The couple loved trying new foods.
The guy needed cash.
The school group went on a field trip.
Tina's class had a trip to the museum.
Jeff wanted to try a new tv show.
Vince loved going to the gym.
Nina caught a turtle at the pond.
My dog Leila loved to chase my friends Damien around.
Kevin was feeling unmotivated.
The athletes were racing around the track.
Floyd owned a funeral home.
Ryan was going to a hotel in a foreign country.
Ellie told her mom she wanted to take a dance class.
Jo bought her kids a puppy they fell in love with at a pet store.
Jamal met a girl on Facebook and arranged a date.
Serena was arguing with her mom.
Jason had a heart attack last month.
Tricia wants to be a cat for Halloween.
The dog whined.
Suzie wanted to save money.
Dori met a man named Charles and immediately fell in love.
Lori failed her math exam.
George tried to zip up his coat.
Deana was excited for Christmas morning!
The boys decided to go play paintball.
Suzy was sitting out in the hot sun.
I was flying stand-by home and I didn't get on my flight!
Five years ago my son and his wife had my first grandchild.
Walter had a great job.
Jacob was a very skilled piano player.
Joel hadn't seen his brother Jacob for over ten years.
Anna and her dad were climbing Mount Fuji together.
Craig wanted to eat a kale salad.
It was Dave's first comedy stand up show.
I had a bunch of old bread that I didn't want to waste.
I was pedaling my bicycle on my neighbor's driveway.
Kelsey started her job on Monday.
Marco had to take a test in school.
Thomas was in an honors track calculus program.
I was looking on-line for a part time job.
Jude liked a girl at school, but he was shy.
Carter had gotten a balloon from a party.
Ken's grandfather had passed away.
Jenna came to work with a very special lunch that day.
I went to Hawaii for a week this summer.
For years Jack had stubbornly refused to replace his dying truck.
Marcus was playing his guitar at school.
Justin was staying at a friend's house.
The teams were tied and this was the last inning.
Janet was very tired while driving.
I went to have cereal today.
Chuck was going out of state on a business trip.
Bill and Lisa were walking on the boardwalk by the beach.
Imelda worked as a parking officer at a mall.
John had a hard day at work and decided to play a video game.
Sarah wanted to read a newly released book.
Aya was going on her first plane ride.
Kim got married.
I went on a trip with my class in college.
Gerald loved to eat cupcakes.
Tinder has been a new app for me.
One day Sloane and her friends went to the beach.
Donna was walking to work.
Barb brought her lunch to work.
Charles was playing football.
It was Amy's first day at the local pizza joint.
Tina went to the pool yesterday.
Travis was driving along a road at night.
Wes did the laundry.
Allie got a little scared.
Norbert had to go to the dentist after his lunch break.
Randy never studied for tests.
Tom has his big game tomorrow.
The campers were making s'mores.
Mary noticed the milk jug was empty.
Ray was baking a pie for a party later.
Mark was nearly finished with law school.
Travis needed more storage in his bedroom.
Lacy was a member of her school's marching band.
Janice and her sister were fierce competitors.
Ben and his wife came into their friend's house.
Daniel's phone was dead.
After moving into a new house Laura and I decided to cook a dinner.
Becky entered a contest.
Erica's new job let her work from home.
Gloria went to all girls school.
Susan's daughter was having a birthday soon.
As a child I would always procrastinate on book reports.
After coming in from outside one of my dogs was very sick.
I work at a lumber and hardware store with a few other people.
My 80 year old neighbor Louise sat on the bench today.
Tom decided one day to climb the tall mountain.
The family was headed on an adventure.
Anna was at the beach one afternoon.
The man was sitting in his favorite chair.
Jill and Greg got divorced after ten years of marriage.
Bob arrived for the dentist appointment in high spirits.
I looked at the sky and saw how gruesome it had become.
The boy wasn't feeling well.
I saw my neighbor Donna today.
Bill built a new barn.
Paul had a lot of subscriptions.
The children woke up to a small noise within the house.
John's stomach was burning.
Lisa was sitting outside.
Fran kept looking at her hand.
Amy felt uncomfortable.
Kathy liked cooking.
My friend Sam had three sons.
Liam was having a hard time with bullies in school.
Kim was at a traffic light.
Paul loved going to the aquarium.
Remy was a ruthless boxer that had no mercy for his opponents.
Sam and Amy got married a week ago.
Jim was watching his daughter's basketball game.
I took my girlfriend on a beach trip.
Frank wanted to be a reporter ever since he was a kid.
My dog, Bella, tends to have issues with her ears.
Tim wanted new ripped pants.
Fred looked at the diets of various athletes.
The kids were headed off to the cabins.
Amy had a hard time understanding questions, even basic ones.
James saved money to buy headphones for over two months.
Jonathan went to eat with his friends.
Lucas took his wife's nail polish.
Alex was very nervous about the test tomorrow.
Lindsay looked into the fridge.
Jason was drinking heavily at a bar.
Matt wanted to make his girlfriend a meal.
Rachael kept getting headaches.
The people who live across the parking lot are older.
Maggie always left her purse on the top of her shopping cart.
The family had arrived at Disney World.
Heather liked decorating her kitchen.
Abby knew her husband was hiding something.
Keith was always interested in being a spy for the NSA.
We drove to the hiking trail.
Joe was very stubborn.
Todd worked in his job field for 5 years.
Timmy was sad upon moving to a new neighborhood.
Macy is a 8 year old girl.
Alice sat down at the bar and ordered a screwdriver.
The carpenter was very skilled at what he did.
Lisa loved to make Italian food.
I played a game of chess with my friend Tom in 1995.
Jessica was ecstatic.
Carl woke up one morning and saw snow.
Denise got hit by a car.
Blake loved going to his favorite candy store.
The kids loved watching YouTube.
Matt was nervous.
When I was a kid my parents noticed I was squinting a lot.
Bill was on boating while on holiday.
Oni needed a winter coat.
Phil and Erin moved into a new apartment.
Anita had five sisters.
Stephen was growing potatoes in his garden.
The woman was making Thanksgiving dinner.
Zach loved playing any sort of game.
Maya was a 11 year old girl.
Linda like wearing the color red.
Joe needed one more out to win the baseball game.
Fern usually excels in math.
I needed a new printer for my computer.
Everyone always commented about how much Mack ate.
Amanda wanted to be a police officer.
Tony was hoping to have his new pizza shop open soon.
Molly owed her sister money.
I wanted to learn a new instrument, and decided to buy a trumpet.
Evan and Alex were excited for field day at school.
One day I was taking my son's friends home to their mom.
Simon officiated soccer matches in his spare time.
Frank had been working for 30 years.
Karl gathered his kids up for a surprise.
Peter took his date to the drive-in.
Ashley is a first year teacher.
Debbie's knee was giving her problems.
George was driving his car.
Marion decided to stay home from work.
Danielle wanted to decorate her porch.
Trisha went to a party in LA.
Emma and Maya needed money for school shopping.
Lindsey was learning American Sign Language.
Alma loved her job for she believed she was doing a good thing.
Larry spent most of his day job peeling potatoes.
Calvin wanted to learn a new skill.
Tina loved having snowball fights and couldn't wait to go outside.
Grace was a huge fan of David Bowie.
I was crouched the whole time.
Jimmy was being honored by the academy.
Jack collected books about wrestlers.
Seth was a compulsive gambler.
Wesley was in the Army.
My wife had a bad cough.
Jerry was a great comedian.
The Smiths always looked forward to the local fair.
I picked up a book from the building club room today.
The mom was stressed out.
My chorus teacher said she had lost all respect for me.
Larry was riding his bike across the street.
I was walking my dog in public.
Someone stole Kia's new car.
Bobby needed to study for a big test.
My brother Sam spoke to his friend Rob the other day.
Jenny learned to potty two weeks ago.
Dannie was ridding his skate board downtown really fast.
Macy was eagerly waiting for her paycheck to come in for her vacation.
I said I would do just that.
Brooke was turning thirteen this summer.
Steve worked outdoors at the car wash.
Margaret was playing outside.
Paula had her boyfriend over to her family's house.
My coach said we had to stop.
Rob had a interview for a job.
My wife bought bottles of Snapple drinks today.
Gina approached her friends in class today.
The man put on a jacket.
Tina needed a ride to the store.
Sean was traveling abroad.
Kendra was rushing to leave the house.
Tara was excited and nervous.
Anna took a sewing class in high school.
Tyrone was an excellent marksman.
I almost went to my senior prom.
Bette got in a car accident and ruined the front of her car.
Aline bought a new Iphone.
The fish slipped right out of my grasp.
We went to the fair yesterday.
Nick really wanted a dog and asked his parents for one constantly.
Arthur had always wanted to travel to Paris.
Tom was interested in deep sea fishing.
Anna wanted homemade popcorn.
Sheena loved helping people plan trips.
Terry moved from Seattle to a rural area of Wisconsin.
Shawn promised his son they would fix a classic mustang.
Teddy is directing traffic.
The little town of Hastings had seen its fair share of turmoil.
I wanted to learn to play guitar.
Tina decided she wanted to learn to cook.
I was leaving work one day.
Tom was out studying at the library.
John completely forgot to do his homework.
John was starting a business.
Rhonda had searched for months for the perfect rug.
Riley is the new girl.
Jenny wanted to lose weight.
Jon always ate very slowly.
Billy got a goldfish.
Jason loved baseball.
I loved holding my children when they were babies.
Kate's lazy son hated playing in a football league for kids.
Linda was born a poor orphan, with nothing to her name.
The gas was twice as expensive.
Cody was excited but sad because his parents said they were moving.
Kate loved having a home that smelled good.
Franny had always wanted to be a soldier.
Missy was dressed as a vampire for Halloween.
Jake loved eating.
Lacy loved to dance.
My nephew moved to the suburbs this summer.
George wanted to be fireman.
Kelli did not think her brother would be in the championship.
John was opening a new business.
Kyle was grilling out.
Todd heard a loud crash.
Anna wanted an exotic pet.
June loved pageants.
Xavier was playing volleyball with his friends.
In 2010 we went to a concert in Fenway Park.
Frank liked to smoke.
Sam poured himself a bowl of cereal for breakfast.
Amy was looking forward to a relaxing weekend at home by the pool.
Steve wanted to impress a girl at school with his fencing skills.
We went to this donut place yesterday.
Today was the longest day ever.
Sandy wanted to get a new phone.
Kiki learned of a new way to make cheese burgers.
Matt wanted to be a bodybuilder.
Rafa was having a bad day so he invited his friend over.
Sheila worked for a customer care center, and hated her job.
The family was trying to stay cool.
Jimmy is allergic to nuts.
Kyle wanted his daughter to socialize more with other children.
I'm so glad that today is Friday.
Bill and Amy dated for four years.
An old English church was falling into disrepair.
Susan set up her tent at the campsite.
The boy got out of the shower.
Jan was sick of dieting and never feeling thin enough for beauty.
Candace, a pregnant woman, was shopping at the store.
Someone hit Raya and drove off.
James saw a woman across the room at a party.
Tom had been preparing for baseball tryouts all winter.
Samantha was having trouble with her math homework.
The kids were learning about the Ancient Greeks.
Rob had a new toy.
Josh was a musician trying to write a new song.
Presley Adams was named after Elvis Presley.
The company's headquarters was finished.
The couple bought a new house.
The family was on vacation in Florida.
My son's bike was stolen.
Scully was trying to landscape the front lawn of her new home.
I have been concerned about my daughter's tablet use lately.
Peter's two uncles had been fighting for most of his life.
Greg was trying to lose weight.
The cartoon was very popular.
My wife babysat her 22 month old grandnephew Timmy today.
Len had been raised to consume meat, but always felt unsure about it.
My friend introduced me to this seafood restaurant.
John and his family went to London for Spring Break.
Josh was taking care of his sister's dog while she was on vacation.
A police officer stopped Cleveland in the middle of the street.
One day Marianna decided to write a book.
Moe wanted comfortable bedding.
Randy's teacher told him that he needed to ace tomorrow's final.
I play an online game involving warships.
Kat was walking home one night from the grocery store.
Elsa wants the lead role in the play.
Julia was babysitting a pair of twins.
Lee had a garden.
Mary's family liked to eat bacon.
My son-in-law got his PhD in philosophy in 2011.
Anna grew up vegan.
I woke up so late this morning.
Roy always took the same route to go home after school.
The family had taken a great family photo.
Shannon had a lot of pets.
Anna's cat caught a bird in the yard.
I live in a tropical area.
Keith is skiing on the Mountains.
Jacob was an interpreter in Iraq.
I listen to our local Public Radio.
My son's friend Tim is 27.
Suzy was lonely so she asked her mother for a dog.
Courtney dreamed of being a cheerleader her whole life.
Last week my wife left her lunch bag at work.
Martin was very bored at work.
It was a gloomy day.
Josh had the grill going.
Perry needed money for lunch.
Ron had decided to buy a bicycle.
Leanna was the smartest student in her class, nothing was hard.
Jim was excited for the first day of school.
Jay wanted to be an air force pilot just like his dad.
Kenny wanted to get a promotion at work.
Jenny said hi to me in person.
Harry stole a credit card.
I went to Whole Foods today.
Carol found a wallet in the park.
Harold loved riding his bike.
Jade had made plans to hangout at the mall.
Miranda wanted to buy her mom a Christmas gift.
Travis was always amazing at mental arithmetic.
I was talking to my friend Jack today.
The cashier checked out my items at the supermarket.
Megan was celebrating her birthday with a gift from her husband.
I was recently promoted at my job.
Collin was in Las Vegas on vacation.
Today was the first day of my college year.
John could not wait to get home and open his new phone.
Alex wanted to visit his friend.
Dave used to buy large packs of bottled water.
Matt is moving away.
In 2011 I went swimming.
Nina was tired of being the only woman in her chess club.
Mable was eating soup for supper.
They didn't buy a timeshare.
Lynn and I met at a Chinese restaurant for lunch.
Cohen was beginning to lose his hair.
Guillermo was very poor.
Ryan saw ads on TV that offered new cars at low prices.
Fred never used a shopping list.
Karl heard a knock on his office door.
A boy and a girl go to the water park.
My old piano was falling apart, so I went to buy a new one.
Carla is starting sixth grade at a new school.
Jay was going fishing.
Alan is starting middle school.
Jody enjoyed working in her parents garden.
Cutting up old clothes to make quilts taught Jan to repurpose.
Klaus went to the beach on vacation.
Gob liked to ride his bicycle to work every day.
I was sitting the cafe when I noticed a woman looking at me.
Jenny loved talking to her customers.
Jason and Terry looked forward to the new Roller Coaster all winter.
They could barely hear me.
Marie was noticing her food was going missing.
Mindy was trying to raise money with a car wash.
Greg got caught in traffic.
I saved some money during the last week of my summer break.
Every school year, Jaden asks his mother to be a room mom.
Laurie was going camping.
Tom had his first band practice.
Linda got a box in the mail.
Ella had a cut on her finger because she slipped while chopping fruit.
Shannon saw a bird in the tree in her backyard.
Adam used to be a big time funny celebrity.
Kate was spending time with her boyfriend.
This morning I woke up and checked my ebay account.
Phillip was a clown for his day job.
Jonathan was a huge comic book fan.
Cindy was making three loaves of bread for her family to eat.
Sandy had finally saved up enough.
One day Tom decided to visit his friend.
Brad was a quick learner at the school of music in his city.
Jeff is on a vacation with his family.
My family went on vacation last week.
Glen was a geeky boy at school.
At the local swimming pool I was dared to dive off the high dive.
Judith was six, and lived with her parents in Alabama.
Heather was looking for the perfect decoration for her table.
Nancy's car irreparably broke down.
Erika loved having candles lit.
Jemma was three years old and had a high fever.
Ron was playing football outside with his friends.
Anna was playing tennis with her brother.
Megan had taken a very important math exam last week.
Tony's freezer had broken.
Jenny was exhausted and went to bed early.
I wanted a poster of a famous movie star.
Jack took his wife and kids to the zoo today.
5 year old Lina had a crush on her friend Brendan.
Andrew never considered himself a very lucky person.
Donald hated pickles.
I play a video game which sells ships and vehicles online.
One night the fan I use for white noise broke.
Jolene lived with her boyfriend Raul.
Gabe walked outside and saw his tire was flat.
Love was a thing that seemed out of reach for Ernesto.
Trevor was on a recreational soccer team.
The boy had new boots.
My friend's dad died.
Travis needed to have his bed just right.
Kat loved animals and cats in particular.
The man was feeling lost.
Tammy went home after school.
Scott thought he was one of the best basketball players.
There was a park close to my elementary school.
The kids needed a snack.
Ken never played the lottery but bought a ticket one time.
Lara was five when she decided on being a professional ice skater.
Margery was making toast with butter.
Kelly went to the animal shelter.
Matthew always completed his homework.
We went to our building's summer party last week.
Suzy dropped her bag by accident.
I was encouraged to write a thank you note.
ALex was an honor roll student with sharp skills and wit.
Cynthia stepped on stage in front of her school.
Tim bought a new house.
Marion was driving on the highway in the early morning.
Not long ago a family from my church adopted a little girl from China.
Woody went to the hen house to feed the chickens.
The kids liked hiking.
Darcy ran very slowly.
My mom told Henry to take out the trash.
Arthur and his wife Diana were watching the news.
The couple went to the amusement park.
Shawn is camping.
Mary likes to read.
Jake was playing in the sandbox.
Career day took place in my library.
It was raining out but Laura needed to walk to work!
Anna was stung by a yellow hornet.
Murray never liked to clean his room.
Darryl and Lauren hired a photographer to shoot engagement photos.
Javier was tech savvy.
Leo was always the best at chess.
Bill loved to try new foods.
Sara was pregnant.
The family had packed their bags.
Jill loved watching reality TV shows.
Jamie gathered up her supplies.
I had to go shopping for my son the other day.
We were on the floor of an Offspring Concert.
My school was hosting a small tournament one day!
One day Jane was sitting in her kitchen when she heard a large boom.
My coach said to wait until she threw the ball.
Chet played soccer in a local league.
Leah got kicked out of her house.
My daughter is going back to school next week.
Andy loved to play pool.
Nick, Dan, and Michelle were huge fans of the Godzilla movies.
Jim was a great runner.
The man did not get elected.
Lisa decided to rearrange her furniture.
Anna threw a picnic party.
Vicki was great at growing flowers.
Diane was going to a dance.
The boy wanted to play baseball.
Johnny studied all summer for algebra II.
The boy's favorite toy was missing.
Rita's mom wanted a rose bush in the yard.
Van hadn't shaved in months.
Mario started a t shirt business.
Miley had wanted to sing in the church choir.
I met someone the other night.
Ian loved playing sports.
In 2013 I had a spine surgery and I was only 27 years old.
Terry wants to be a truck driver when he grows up.
Will was on a fishing trip.
Jimmy was in a shooting competition.
Dave struggled to learn how to draw.
Rich came home from vacation and was horrified.
We decorated our home every Christmas.
The kids liked doing art projects.
The family liked going bowling together.
Oliver liked learning card tricks.
Jessie bought a new shirt.
Jordan was a local musician.
John had a girlfriend in high school.
Nancy was trying to lose weight.
Kate was playing a huge going away party for her brother.
William wanted to listen to his favorite record.
Jimmy had been very responsible with his chores lately.
A child was kicking Morgan's seat on an airplane.
One day some kids at school decided to have a rap battle.
Larson had bought a new house.
The end of 2015 brought the end of my highest weight.
Lee likes rainy days the most.
One day the Schier family played Capture the Flag.
Jill loved butter.
Kenneth was traveling out of town.
Melinda heard a noise.
Charlie was working on his car.
Alex was at a restaurant with a friend.
Cay and her dad were fishing one afternoon.
Rod was trying to find a parking spot at the mall.
Bob was working in his shop.
Les wanted to get tickets to Wimbledon.
Rose liked to draw.
Shannon didn't let her kids chew gum.
The band was on tour.
Ashley had a sleepover at her house one night.
The score was tied.
Kevin was having a bunch of friends over.
Jane loved eating fortune cookies.
Cabot's summer break was finally over.
Jim worked in an office.
Eliza was eating japanese food.
Kevin had been having lots of pain in his back.
Jon had worked very hard at his science project.
Erma joined an insect bug club.
I was asked to leave.
I used an ATM today.
Jim and Martha knew buying a house was hard.
We went to a nice romantic getaway for our anniversary.
Paula was visiting the zoo.
Alex liked the wallpaper in his living room.
Andy watched Star Trek with his brother Finn.
Greta always enjoyed stand up comedy.
Mary wanted to make banana muffins.
Frank's family were ready to go out and have fun.
Ryan liked to act.
It was said to scare away gophers.
The teacher introduced us to a new chapter in the book.
Frank needs a new car.
Fred and his family went on a trip to Disney.
Kim needed extra cash to pay bills so she taught art classes.
My son's friend returned from Texas to Boston this week.
The athlete went to practice.
I got my driver's license back.
Tina was so hungry.
Carl was not happy with his new upstairs neighbors.
Today Logan is having a babysitter.
The teacher introduced himself to the class.
Nancy got into a car accident today.
The two schools hated each other.
May was late to meet her mother for a dinner at the restaurant.
Rob needed to bake a cake for someone's birthday.
Yancy worked in a coal mine.
A kitten named Tiny Tammy loved to run, jump, and play.
Travis took a wrong turn and got lost in the desert.
Jim walked into a bank and noticed a man in a hood.
Julie was struggling in Calculus.
Ken went to the beach to go surfing.
The house had been abandoned.
John was nervous about his science test at school the next day.
Marvin was working in the kitchen at a restaurant.
Todd was really struggling.
The family was bored.
When I was a kid I wanted a dog.
Gabe was trick or treating with his cousins.
Kelly was missing her daughter.
My stepmother's parents moved into our basement.
Nan was shopping for summer.
Kurt loved waterslides.
Mary Wikem had a cat that always stayed inside.
My friend and I were playing on a swingset.
Mina was coming home from work.
My key wouldn't fit.
Tom loved serving fancy treats.
Missy had been playing basketball with her Girl Scout troop.
Candy would walk everyday in the park.
Kia was shot in a drive-by incident.
Travis invited his church to his house.
Jamie was almost ready to move out of her parents' house.
Dick had a world map poster hung on his bedroom wall.
Ida hated cats.
Roy was the fastest runner on the team.
Ona wanted to learn Spanish.
I had to drive to the parking office to get my parking permit renewed.
Timothy was very good with horses.
Bill's friends always complimented his cooking.
The women all chatted online.
Ellen thought she'd invite a few people over.
Baby Charlotte looked down at the floor.
Aly planted a tree in her backyard.
Lou was helping his dad weed around the bushes.
Zelda was making brownies for a party and ran out of cocoa powder.
Greg got a new car and was eager to try it.
Fred was very hungry.
Grandma was depressed when her best friend moved away.
I visited my sister last week.
Ellen was planning to do her homework.
Stella was born to be the prettiest girl in the room.
The kids were excited.
Grandma was 87, and still drove her car.
Jeffrey enjoys eating sandwiches a lot.
Mary always wanted to visit New York.
Julie lived next to an alley.
Billy did not like the basement.
John was drinking while driving.
Martha was planning her grocery list.
Zelda was walking around the hills of her country.
Henry attended his Biochemistry class for the first time.
I cleaned my room recently to make it easier to get around.
Crosby's boss was decided to give out raises.
Lindsey wanted some money to buy a new dress.
Anna got a summer job at an ice cream parlor.
Jennifer got rear ended in traffic.
My nephew works for a construction company.
The network had developed a mini series about the 1980's.
Cassandra was picking oranges on a farm.
Our neighbors Alice and her son Joe were away all summer.
Juliette lived in a huge house.
Dina was too tired to walk.
Sarah loved gymnastics and practiced hard every day.
Jordan brought a stink bomb to school.
Shelia had Driver's Ed this semester.
Mary was eager to quit smoking because she wanted to become pregnant.
Tara was working in a fast food restaurant.
Ted needed a job.
Kirk decided to date Amy.
Rick's eldest daughter was 4 year's old.
Ron was not paying attention while driving.
One day the Ever family worked on a jigsaw puzzle.
Earl wanted some flowers on his porch.
Jo had a favorite pair of name brand shoes.
Jill opened the door to let her dog LuLu inside.
All of Jon's friends said he should lose some weight.
Ella's hair was stick-straight.
Alice's father had always held prejudiced views about others.
There was a storm near Kathy's home.
I planted a garden in front of our home with Hostas and flowers.
Todd was on his morning jog before work.
My girlfriend wanted me to buy her nail polish.
Hugo was feeling very down one day.
His name is Tyler but he prefers to be called by his nickname, Tie Dye.
Josh excused himself to the bathroom at school.
Judy was opening anniversary gifts.
Elena is afraid of the dark.
Ashley was suppose to go on a camping trip with her friends.
James moved into a new home.
Ray decided he wanted to do something new.
Chris was hunting deer one evening in a wooded area.
Tim is a toddler.
Jean was supposed to go kayaking.
Brandon had a difficult lab course.
Dane was working in a fast food restaurant.
I friended Joe, one of my son's friends on Snapchat.
Elizabeth was afraid of meeting new people.
Lily was hiking one of her favorite trails.
Ethan needed to lose 10 pounds.
Sam got into a fight with his friends.
Laura wanted to order some food from a place she likes!
The man hiked to the top of a mountain.
Tony's favorite pizza shop was set to be demolitioned.
Sam was having chills.
Jennifer was constantly feeling sick and didn't know why.
Estelle was not particularly good at making friends.
Kate and her husband had one son.
I went to get a cleaning last week.
Kayla has a science test in the morning.
People leave their books in the club room in our building.
Mark woke up feeling very rested.
Kate was laying out by the pool.
Mary was buying a pair of shoes for her daughter.
Tim's parents took Tim to the zoo.
Ron liked to go fishing.
An old lady tried walking across the street.
Jamie wanted to join the basketball team.
One day Erin decided to make some gifts to her friends.
Peter was working on house repairs.
Susan got a jigsaw puzzle for Christmas from her father.
Sarah loved going to ballet class every week.
Irene was supposed to clean her apartment that day.
Annie volunteered at the shelter.
Yesterday my wife reminded me she had bought German bologna.
Every morning Greg enjoyed a cup of coffee while sitting on his deck.
The sprinters lined up.
There was a twister warning in my town.
Will loved candy.
Grace loved going to the park.
Nia was making stir fry.
John really wanted to be a great writer.
Wilberforce was an amateur bull rider.
Rita was waiting impatiently.
When my army unit was in the field, I lost my Leatherman multi-tool.
Jason picked up Suzy at her house for their date.
Megan is walking home.
June had to go to work but she couldn't find her keys.
We were visiting our daughter in 2009.
Keith saw his opponent running towards the end zone.
My sister recently helped me score a sweet deal on Facebook.
The kids made some Flubber.
I was playing music in my apartment.
My neighbor Mischa and his wife ate 80 years old.
Cindy was always cold.
I am starting my son in preschool in September.
Lisa was a weird girl who dressed in all black and had black nails.
Lenny bought his girlfriend Monica new running shoes for her birthday.
Swarthanger took a leisurely stroll down Broad St.
Lulu wants to be a ballerina.
I attended my first day of Orientation yesterday.
Quinn couldn't believe her luck.
Sue took out a book from the library.
Dave went to private school.
The kids were walking around the pond.
Eddie had been sent back to his homeland of Mexico.
Connor got into a fight at school.
Bill was on a business trip in Japan.
Nate received a scholarship from the university he applied to.
Max saw a bike that he wanted in a store window.
I work as a Registered Nurse in a busy Trauma Center.
In 1993 we took our kids to Disneyworld.
The man sat down on the ground.
Bella wanted to cook some spaghetti and meatballs.
Dan thought he had a great business idea.
Johnny wanted to make the basketball team.
Today is my baby cousin's birthday.
Jan and Joe won a three-legged race.
Ray was overweight.
Amanda's engagement ring was her prized possession.
May was a movie producer who was working on a horror movie.
Art was interested in the new airport that was under construction.
Eric was in high school.
I saw an Indian movie this morning.
The woman liked to be organized.
Cabot asked her dad to put up a swing in the yard.
Stanley is being bullied.
Sarah started a philosophy blog.
After 18 years if was finally time to leave our first house.
It was Rebecca's birthday.
Our granddaughter is two years old.
Eric decided to go to the mall.
James has just gotten a brand new sports car.
Hannah called Ben.
Megan's boyfriend said mean things about her online.
I worked with an attractive girl.
Cheryl's father was a firefighter.
Monica's big soccer game had just started.
Josh was an assistant pastor.
Lisa worked as a special education teacher.
I used to use iTunes, but decided it was too limited.
Lauren needs to buy a new car.
My daughter recently announced her pregnancy to family and friends.
My brother had to buy a new mattress this week.
Gerry was reading a story to his son.
Out of the ten baby pigs in the lot, there was one that stood out.
A young boy waited patiently while his mother ordered a hot dog.
My wife is retiring from work next week.
Donald was a slick salesman.
The men loved playing with their toy trains.
I went to my cousins house for a party.
Macy had a soccer game.
Susie went to the fair.
Ciara knew she was going to be late coming home last night.
I have so many pictures that I need to develop.
After a long photo shoot, Mowgli decided to get something to eat.
Drew wanted to try out for the football team.
I went shopping with my mom.
Calvin found a new favorite treat.
Jimmy wanted to grow out his hair for a man bun.
Larry had quit the baseball team.
Mary's kids were heartbroken.
Harold was moving some boxes to his new house.
I decided to hang out with my friend at the park.
Terry was riding his bike.
The president of my wife's company is 80.
I purchased some kettle corn popcorn.
Today I took a day trip from Boston to Portland, Maine.
A'Neial wanted to be a country music singer.
Edward always wanted to join the soccer team.
John got up.
Judy wanted to be an actress, so she auditioned for her school play.
Kay was walking her dog in the park.
Kelly's favorite activity was horseback riding.
James was flying his RC airplane.
It was Katelyn's first day as a teacher.
Lisa wanted to be a teacher.
Anna's friend publicly called her out on social media.
Amber was trying to buy a gun.
John really wanted a new car for his first year at university.
Daniel was an archaeologist.
Allie was rather fussy.
I was down at the new Amsterdam.
Jackson wanted to learn karate.
Gracie always loved dance class.
Mathilda wanted to learn the language of her forefathers.
Abby was going to the movies this weekend.
Allie and her friends were watching a very funny show.
Jill wanted to go mountain climbing.
Today is my last day at my current job.
My uncle noticed a coconut tree.
Todd had bought a lottery ticket every Friday after work.
My uncle lives on the coast.
Joe just finished running a mile.
Paris loved going to the pool.
Carl woke up ready for a good day.
Pearl loved the change of seasons.
The American team was stunned.
Darcy was in town shopping.
Rob was going to the movies.
Merdis didn't want to waste her vote on someone she didn't like.
Kaya was using her metal detector to dig for coins at the beach.
One day the Zacker family went to the museum.
I wanted to go to the movies, and meet up with my friends.
Jenna had neighbors who played loud music all day long.
Jason loved to work on cars.
Juniper was waiting in line at Walmart one night.
Brad was hoping to meet new friends so he joined a library book club.
Ben came to the hospital after his doctor called.
The Gibson sisters were bored and wanted something to watch.
Rudy moved into a house with a fireplace.
Shawn's house was robbed.
Today someone drove into my car while at an intersection.
Guillermo never did anything.
Luke woke up late, around 3 pm.
Aya loved martial arts.
The city shook with a huge boom.
The traffic lights at the intersection stopped working.
The family loved watching tv together.
Ethan threw a huge summer party.
Today I sold a book on Amazon.
Me and my wife went out to dinner with a new couple we met.
Anthony took a dancing class with his wife.
Molly was at the zoo with her parents.
Natalie was at summer camp.
One day Shelby decided to go outside and take some pictures.
Cal left his grocery cart in the parking lot.
The kids wanted to be part of something.
I heard some scratching sounds coming from my laundry room.
The chef was making a new dish.
James was hosting some friends.
Harry is a 78 year old PhD who lives in the building.
Maria was not especially religious.
Boris hated cockroaches.
Mr Sweeney was the high school principal.
My friend, Mary, loved the rain.
Charles wanted to change the look of his living room.
Theresa was starving.
Greg loved fishing.
Brandon set up a lemonade stand one day.
Vince and Rose were both brown eyed people with regular eyes.
Vanessa was shopping for birthday cards.
My niece's cat was snoring one night.
Tina wanted some new dishes.
Tina was waiting in line at the ice cream shop.
Ted and Robin had a big fight.
Colton had a sick dog.
Did you hear the horrible storm last night?
Alvin was a mechanic driving home during rush hour traffic.
Lydia inserted the USB port into her computer.
The family was hosting an exchange student.
Our niece fell down at work last week.
Augusta loved to save money while shopping.
This  morning I woke up to my husband chuckling.
Allie just moved into the neighborhood.
Jason has a very energetic dog.
Greg picked up his friend.
One day Zeke and his friends went rollerblading in the park.
My brother's brother-in-law has a tube in his body.
Kelly was at an amusement park.
The family was at the zoo for an outing.
Andy brought his old toys into a Goodwill.
My brother took his brother-in-law in for surgery yesterday.
Crom was a peculiar little boy.
Maya didn't trust her boyfriend.
Parker was going on a business trip overseas.
Dawn wanted to have a memorable vacation.
Wes attended middle school in Dallas.
Tammy was trying to sleep in her bed.
Thirteen year old Patrick hated staying with his aunt.
I had to go to the bathroom.
Heather liked to do artistic things.
Waiting for the next train to pull up, Harry was nervous.
Rich had always been very proud of his daughter Mellie.
George was at the airport.
I played a game of chess online with my friend Joe tonight.
Rachel decided to go horseback riding.
One day Brenda and her friends went bowling.
We live in the deep South.
Jimmy was a poor kid who worked online.
Tyler was the basketball star in high school.
George was trying to get into a local night club.
Biff needed some dirt for his yard.
Bob's car broke.
Ian decided to earn money walking dogs.
My daugher left all of her toys spread out in the back yard.
I recently came out to my mom as a lesbian this past September.
They say that life can change in the blink of an eye, they're right.
I decided to buy perfume for my girlfriend.
The family had been at the airport for hours.
One night Charles and Dori decided to go for a midnight swim.
It rains hard where I live.
Jenna was enjoying a nice meal at the restaurant with her friend.
George had just come home from school.
The competition was close.
Precious had a fear of lizards.
Noah went to play paintball with his friends.
Emily was excited because she had just turned eighteen.
John got married.
Harry went on a forest trip with his class.
Emily had just bought a farm.
My niece has a summer job with the Town of Greenfield.
Tanya went to school with a guy named, Clem.
Tim was a little monkey in the circus.
An unknown agency contacted me.
Harold was in pain.
Everyone knew that Louis was racist at work.
Gia wanted to get a new pet.
Smear was baking a cake for his sister.
The black bear was a friendly gentle giant, he didn't disturb a fly.
Dory was at the zoo with her friends.
Sue was at the coffee shop.
Izzy was trying to sleep but it was too hot.
Terry spent days working on his landscaping.
My friend told me that a girl liked me.
All Kay's friends had laptops.
My online chess rating is usually 1200 to 1300.
Pauline met her husband when she was 20 years old.
Richard did not want to live in the dorms next year.
I wanted to throw a huge birthday party.
The dog chased the rabbit around the yard.
Orion caught the rebound.
Annabelle laid lifelessly against the window.
Lonnie was driving down the road on his Harley.
Terry was helping a friend move a refrigerator into his house.
Eddie and his friends prepared dozens of water balloons.
Today my brother showed my wife a Craigslist personal.
I was in high school.
One day Bethany asked her mother to teach her how to knit.
Veronica was missing.
Riley has a big test coming up.
I was on an elevator at work when a cute girl walked on.
George had a crack in his windshield.
Anna was attending her first concert.
My parents would not let us throw the ball like that.
Calvin was having a party at his house.
The weatherman had said it would storm heavily today.
Martha is going camping.
Lena was in the hospital for three months.
Penny lost her hairbrush.
Todd's dog had long claws.
One night the Johnsons were out to dinner.
The family was taking a stroll through town.
In 2012 I went with my daughter to the MFA.
Jamie was sleeping at a friend's house.
I took my cat out every morning to eat grass.
The kids were hungry.
Dave saw lights flashing behind him so he pulled his car over.
Mason was at summer camp.
Kenny was a handsome young man.
Emily was reading a book about Vikings.
Kate's lazy son was in a local kids football league.
My neighbor Steve bumped into me today.
John is the fastest runner at his elementary school.
Kevin is at a theme park.
Sarah went to the bookstore.
Our niece ran in the 5000 meter race in the Rio Olympics.
I decided I never wanted to try that again.
Gemini went to get a tattoo of Ryan Lochte.
The Riley family enjoyed playing video games together.
I see her through the window, watching TV with no remorse.
Ollie found a red balloon.
My daughter's high school friend is getting married in September.
Jake was playing football at school.
I recently got a new car.
Brandon was really popular in high school.
Anna went up in a hot air balloon.
Hank was a great diver.
The couple was going to take a trip.
Jimmy needed some work space in his crowded home.
Sam was studying her book for tomorrow's driving test.
Adam was a great tennis player.
Cabot and her dad headed out on a bike ride.
Kirk was a photographer for his high school newspaper.
Linda wants to read twenty books in five days.
Adele was a regular customer at a local supermarket.
Lucy did not want to go to the fair.
Last night we were going to leave the park.
Ted was an architect at a big firm.
I was picking up my crush from a mutual friend's house with my mom.
The creepy cable dude would come to the Perez house often.
It was Katie's birthday.
Amelia loved to try new things.
Ned let his brother borrow his handheld gaming system.
Don had a long drive ahead of him.
Mark and Jessica were in a relationship and appeared to be in love.
I bought a special book for my sister's 40th birthday present.
Charlie had a doctor's appointment.
My cousin told me he went to the laundromat last night.
Gene's phone was almost dead.
John is a singer.
Anna's horse threw her when he got spooked.
Tracy was buying a new car.
Jim went out to the bar with his friends Tuesday night.
Diana loved her trading cards.
Ryan's grandmother had cooked beef tongue.
Henry's basement was very dark.
Granny went to bingo hoping to win the jackpot.
James lived in a very dark and old house.
My wife has been tired this week.
Johnny could not decide what flavor snow cone to get.
My coworker used to drink Grand Marnier and pineapple juice.
The ice cream truck came by every Wednesday afternoon at 5:30.
Tim wanted his mom to have an extra key to his car.
The kids were starving.
Two girls went for a bike ride on a summers evening.
Every day Jasper would drink several cups of coffee.
Barry was on the International Space Station.
Jesse was checking on his garden.
Mike was planning a birthday party for his friend, but needed help.
Holly loved to cook.
The kids loved playing in the water.
Cindy and her husband weren't getting along.
Julie lived alone in a very big house.
Vince began school today.
Suzy was passing out candy on halloween.
Suzie was going to be a bridesmaid for her friend's wedding.
Maybeth was a widow and would always wear the color black.
Paul was at a far away theme park.
A chicken was walking down the road.
I decided to flirt with a cute waiter by leaving a note with the bill.
Robby worked at a store that sold clothing.
Anna signed up to join the Army.
Pascale always followed a recipe to the letter.
Dan from the other team caught the ball with his chest.
Hilda was getting old.
Carla didn't plan on getting her hair wet.
All of the hockey teams wanted to sign Vesey.
Kim was trying to walk her parent's dog.
Gina had a sweet dog.
I had a throbbing pain in my jaw.
Dina failed all of her classes for the semester.
Bobby and Dean were throwing a baseball in the front yard.
Zack always walked home from school.
Stacy wanted to learn to sew.
Albert lived outside the city but loved partying there on Saturdays.
Nina joined the Army at age 18.
Morgan loved catching creatures.
Ada was working in her garden.
Jane was riding on the subway at night.
Andrea was going camping.
Shawn is eating his favorite candy.
One night the Schnauzer family had a board game night.
John really wanted to make the high school football team.
Cal was going on a date.
Denise loved to eat red meat.
It was the girl's first day at school.
Ross went to the sporting goods store.
Martin liked looking for things to buy.
Charles loved reading the news.
Rita was walking through the woods.
Mathias had epilepsy ever since he could remember, as a child even.
Ann was having problems getting her kids to do their homework.
I went to Sara's wedding last weekend.
My father liked to eat oysters.
Andrew didn't like being in the woods.
Sue switched on her computer and heard a weird noise.
I went to the hospital because I separated my shoulder.
Tony had a new girlfriend.
Susie was really tightly wound.
Angela couldn't wait to get home.
Pat's dog was feeling sick.
Oscar wanted to learn about the planets.
Dale went to the bakery to get a donut.
Timothy walked through the park with his dog.
The family couldn't agree on a vacation spot.
Ray wanted to join the math team but he was not good at math.
Bob dropped his new phone into a puddle of water.
My son's friend Stef was playing at the pool in 1992.
Sometimes I like to listen to music on YouTube with and adblocker.
Reese stepped up to the diving board nervously.
Manuel is old.
David lives in Florida with his family.
Darcy had wanted a new dog for a long time.
Jared was working at a souvenir shop on the beach.
Rae and her mom decided to walk door to door to sell cookies.
My friend caught his son jerking off and decided to have the talk.
Cassie was making marinara sauce for cheese sticks.
Several years ago I lived in Florida by the beach.
Stephanie was getting burned out from school.
Dave and Amanda locked themselves out of their new house.
While Jon was away at summer camp, his cousin Jake stayed in his room.
My mom wanted to go to the state fair with me.
Ren was afraid of getting vaccinations so she always refused them.
Greg wanted to get in shape.
John was taking a trip.
Anna had a sweater that was supposed to be dry cleaned.
Ellie was a photographer.
The fox ran through the yard.
Shelly was late to dance class one day.
In the summer there's nothing quite like enjoying ice cream.
Em was nervous about being the only vegan at her family Thanksgiving.
Cody worked as a software developer.
Ryan was a great athlete.
Jane woke up one morning and decided to go visit her friend Mike.
Tony was in a book reading competition.
I visited my friend Frank in Maine today.
One day Sam decided to play on his computer.
Blaine is working.
Sally couldn't wait to be 16 so she could drive herself around.
I needed a way to listen to music for free, so I asked a friend.
Mark had always loved fast cars.
Suzanne tried out for tennis one day.
Martha had always wanted to make wine.
One of my ex coworkers left the agency today.
I just had to clean out the trash.
The kids turned on the hose.
Anna was at a concert.
Carol went snorkeling while in Florida.
Luke got a job working at McDonald's.
Tina had to go back on the ferry.
Matt was a clown.
I was playing a game with my school friends.
Benny was walking with his phone on the sidewalk.
My leg and foot began to tingle and feel numb one day.
Matt played video games all of the time.
I started college this year and met a new friend at orientation.
Brenda loved learning.
Steve got a call from his boss.
Terry decided to go for a walk.
It was a beautiful day at the beach.
Rob wanted to learn computer programming.
We had ham steaks for dinner tonight.
Joanne's bedroom was very dark.
Patty slipped and fell.
Marvin loved to sing karaoke.
Selena went grocery shopping.
Joe went for a long run.
I finished walking home from school.
The kids were walking down the street.
Adam was too excited to sleep.
Robert had a big test in which he had a week to prepare for it.
The family went to a movie.
Josh and Rachel loved to try out new restaurants.
Jackie loved to play hide and go seek.
The baby was filthy.
Steve had recently purchased a violin.
The family had been car shopping for weeks.
While his parents were away Roy had a lot of parties.
Allison was eating some candy.
Kevin loved chocolate.
My sister-in-law collected elephant figurines for years.
Susan was forced to go to dance recital.
Nick and Cara moved in together.
Dan's father walked with him and his friends across the neighborhood.
Lilly loves to chew bubble gum.
Harold was very superstitious.
Oscar and Frank accidentally broke their mother's favorite lamp.
Judy was driving through her neighborhood.
Neil was very hungry.
Mary had fed her son strawberries for the first time.
Lisa went to the fair.
The siblings were having an argument.
David had an old truck.
I drove to a nearby ATM.
Naya was splashing in the creek.
Eric decided to help out at a rodeo.
The family bought new furniture.
Ron shopped for a gift for his wife.
The kids were on a field trip.
Justin wanted tickets to see his favorite band.
I was terrified before my first English class.
It was Jack's first day of school.
The friends decided to do something fun.
During the basketball game, I mostly assisted my teammates.
Beth loved working at her desk.
Chloe loved playing in the driveway.
Tom was thirsty.
Mara was unhappy with her appearance since turning 40.
Roy bought some new pants but they were a bit tight.
Tyrod is serving in the army.
Jen loved making things with her hands.
Maria heard a noise coming from her bathroom.
Carl was an old man who sold balloons.
Marie and her sister never got along.
Megan loved working on the reconciliation of Printer costs.
Tom was initially excited when his wife announced she was pregnant.
The first day of school is tomorrow.
The kids were playing in the ocean.
Todd was having issues with his satellite provider.
My friend Jay called this week.
Anne woke up in a panic.
Trisha went walking down the street in NYC.
I've wanted a tattoo all my life, but I could never decide of what.
Carla had an apartment on the third floor.
Josh liked cooking.
Jasmine redid her dining room.
Sarah was brushing her teeth when she saw a mosquito in the bathroom.
On monday our 2 year old granddaughter hit a child.
Deborah was on her high school's swimming team.
James was in trouble.
Theresa didn't follow regular maintenance on her car.
Brandy was moving to new house.
Mike really wanted to learn to ride a skateboard.
Lily was a kindergarten teacher.
Bill had to get onto the bus for school everyday.
Sam was eager to learn how to drive.
The night of the big show was a few weeks away.
Summer was trying to figure out how to file taxes.
Will attended an amateur car show with custom cars.
One day the Ash family went on a picnic.
The wife wanted to get her husband a nice gift.
Matt struggled in his attempt to become a comedian.
Ursula didn't like her neighbor's kids.
I had an opportunity to go to the Dentist.
Kim was playing paintball with her boyfriend.
One day at school, Tim went to go eat lunch.
Jane likes plants.
Mark was an excellent chef, he considered cooking an art.
The kids loved playing with their dad.
James saw something on the roof.
Jane loved collectibles.
My friend Julio is 42 and single.
Bill had a small house.
The girl was starting dance class.
Craig was getting married.
Jodie couldn't decide what she wanted to have for dinner.
Hayley kept sneezing.
I walked to Central Park.
Richard was a hair stylist.
Oliver wanted to do yoga in the morning.
Amy went to the store to try on wedding dresses.
Nicole wanted to go to a party.
Amy really loved to dress up for Halloween.
My boyfriend called me today to ask me why I love him.
Josh and Emily had been dating for six years.
Carl was stressed out about all of his college classes.
I wanted a hot spaghetti dinner.
Tim works at Subway as a summer job.
Betty's cat was really sick.
It was the first recital for Kate's ballet class.
My mom asked me what I wanted to eat.
Liv was sick of paying $20 for pizza delivery.
Jen adored nailpolish.
Dave loved bragging about his son.
Kai drank a lot of soda one night while watching TV.
Jane's sorority were looking forward to white water rafting.
Jamie woke up freezing in her bed.
There were 2 seconds left on the clock.
One day the Cellar family decided to make plans for a fire escape.
My coworkers had a ten-year affair.
Nicole was single and lonely.
I took a bookmark with me today.
Dean was preparing for a presentation at work.
Kara had an event to go to.
When a teen, my friend and I lied to our parents.
Maya liked writing for the school newspaper.
I was really craving some chocolate.
Shawn was talking on a cell phone with his mother.
Marion was a manager at a fast food restaurant.
Aki was camping.
When I was younger, I had pen pals all over the world.
My nephew works for a general contractor.
Frizzle was the name of a teacher at the elementary.
Jeffery little brother was annoying him.
Gabby always wanted a doll house.
I helped a customer today for nearly four hours.
There was a tree we thought was dead.
Tim saw a streak run by him.
Today I went to the beach with friends.
Sally was afraid of flying but wanted to go to Paris.
Joe's friend offered to pay him to mow his yard.
The Jones went to the beach every year.
Stan had a science test in the morning.
Kelsey liked to watch TV.
Rochelle liked to decorate.
Kelly couldn't get a good night's sleep in her bedroom.
One day Annie decided to plant a garden.
The couple went to the beach.
This morning I woke up and remembered I went crazy at the bar.
Bob had always wanted to fly an airplane.
Jen's English teacher assigned an paper at the end of class.
Mario was a plumber trying to attract new customers.
Atlas was an all star athlete.
Shane wanted a new puppy.
The girl felt pain in her mouth.
Fred was a brutal mma fighter.
Crosby enjoyed watching the Olympics but she couldn't!
Kim was boiling spaghetti noodles for her dish.
Tara was working out in the gym.
Jimmy was playing ball with some neighbor friends.
Olivia had dreamed of joining her local singing group for years.
Tim was really thirsty.
Keith was a scientist.
Anna was setting up an Easter Egg hunt.
My neighbor has become a Muslim.
The family was renovating their home.
I've enjoyed writing ever since I was a little girl.
Lisa felt tingling in her hands at feet.
Practice makes perfect is what Alice always believed.
My mom said not to argue.
Sal was having a yard sale.
I was hungry but my cupboard was bare.
Noah wanted to be President when he grew up.
Marie hated the cold tile on her feet.
Clemson was hiking in the Amazon rainforest.
I dropped my phone in the toilet.
Anna was riding her bike through a field.
The family liked to travel when school was out.
A new fast food restaurant was opening up.
Paty was looking forward to her trip.
The big day had finally come, Sam was going to be married.
The student council were having a hard time deciding on themes.
Gary saw a feather on the ground.
I was eating a Subway sandwich today while watching a comedian.
Lucy was newly pregnant.
The family drove back home.
Max was walking to school.
Jimmy loved bowling because his dad would take him.
Robbie was at a party.
Amanda bought a new house.
Henry is studying for his spelling test.
Carin watched a movie about sharks.
Jared was having a tough day.
Mally is swimming in the pool.
Jenny received a big red flashy balloon for her birthday.
Leanne had been dieting for two months.
Scott was hanging out with his friend Dave.
John went on a wilderness trip.
Mandy was talking to her parents.
John really wanted to learn the Russian language.
Nina wanted her dog to play Frisbee with her.
Owen picked up a bouquet of daisies from the florist.
Amy was a great baker.
All Ally thought of after graduating was moving out of her parents.
Edward didn't realize his sister was drunk.
It's August and I just realized that Spring never came.
There was a plan to build a bridge in my town.
Paul was taking a cyber security class.
My sister-in-law called up tonight.
Debbie felt lonely all the time.
Dana and Jim were hungry.
Tim's grandfather brought Tim to work at his job as mover.
Anna wanted to be stronger.
Mitch was in the middle of history class.
The family was in New York for the first time.
Allie was listening to a song.
Fatima and her husband had been fighting for months.
Lidia didn't like having to share her homework notes.
The boy went into the room.
Bubba loved barbecue, and often made his own sauce.
Walter was walking through the plaza when he saw a mime.
The dancers had choreographed their routine.
Laura was betting at the horse races.
My wife dropped the car off for repairs today.
Bill wanted to play the lottery.
I had two people at the office to see me.
All of the fish in Tracy's fishbowl had died.
Pat always wanted to express herself by painting.
There was a huge storm.
Mila wanted a pet.
Once I was at the Ben Franklin drugstore with my friend.
Ana was with her mother in a store.
Lisa was walking into the store.
Andy did not like his stepfather.
During our department meetings, each person was expected to report.
Every school night Gracie had an 8:30 pm bedtime.
Penny picked out a vase.
Tony was working out at the gym.
It seems as though the days get longer, my memory gets shorter.
Han was driving his car on the street.
Laura wanted to watch some movies with friends.
Anna's washer broke.
The Bills were getting ready to start the season.
Bobby got an F on his math test.
Casey decided he wanted to throw a big party.
I was flying a plane.
Anna went night swimming with her friends.
Amos loved photography has a hobby.
John was always easily spooked.
Today was Angela's birthday.
Will wasn't afraid of pain.
He waited on the edge of the crowd, biding his time.
Mustafa was twelve years old and lived down south.
Martha called her mother.
Mary was at the beach with her family.
Ciara knew she was going to have to work on Christmas.
The couple had done a lot of landscaping in their yard.
Jonah didn't like to play the recorder in front of people.
Sandra noticed her phone bill was high.
Peter was handing out candy bars for Halloween.
Paul was the head cook in a restaurant.
The teams were tied with two seconds to go.
The kids had a lot of energy.
A man I work with got suspicious that his wife is cheating on him.
Henry and his girlfriend went to the beach.
Elizabeth was accepted into study abroad programs in France and Spain.
Jan likes reading books.
The kids were at the zoo.
My nephew's son Timmy is 22 months old.
Zoltan was a very rich man.
Trixie had a debilitating fear of heights, but had to fly often.
Lindsey took a class in karate.
Kerissa had wanted a kitten for a long time.
Mindy had always loved doodling, especially on her school desks.
Bryan applied to many colleges.
In 2014 I got our friends Joe and his wife Mary a museum membership.
The class had to share a box of crayons.
My wife's boss Tina interviewed a person for a job yesterday.
John was looking for a job.
It was David's birthday.
Sam went to the beach.
Paulie was a huge fan of sports.
As a reward for starting to eat healthy, I got a bad case of diarrhea.
Daniel just got home from a long day of work and wanted to sleep.
Michael was playing with his brothers in their backyard.
On Halloween, a man took a walk down the street.
Finn met with his friends one evening for drinks.
Diane loved to clean.
We met our nephew's girlfriend Marta in 2009.
It was time to return to college last week.
My daughter made breakfast for us.
We have been looking for dim sum in Cambridge for a year.
Katie has never won first place in anything.
Esther rode her scooter around town.
Today I was talking to my friend Jayce about Facebook.
Today I was at a bar with my girlfriend having fun.
Fran was enrolled an after school tutoring program.
One evening Marina and her boyfriend Seth decided to watch the sunset.
Angel's husband called her at work one day.
Neil was cleaning out his freezer.
Jennifer was turn twelve on the same day as her best friend.
Jamie saw something on her car.
Regina argued with her boyfriend all day.
I visited my Uncle in California.
Susan went to summer camp near the ocean.
Kevin played bass guitar in a goth-metal band.
George loved to pull pranks on people.
Dave and Laura took their children to the beach for a vacation.
Danny went to the dentist today.
The local pharmacy was having a jelly bean guessing contest.
Keith was doing some yard work at his house.
Lynn was in a lot of pain.
Oscar had an old piano in his house.
I was very unhappy with my life.
Nina hated walking to school a mile each way.
We were worried my cat would not get along with our new kitten.
The dog went to its bowl.
Before I walked out of my office, my boss called me.
The woman was shopping for a new car.
Connie had been attracted to her coworker for more than a year.
Hannah was a great student.
James was feeling sad.
Lisa was at the beach with a friend.
I got fed up of having too much work on my plate at my job.
Sara loved flowers!
Evan wanted something fuel efficient.
Gina did well in school, but she was shy.
Grace's friend was having a baby, so she decided to knit a blanket.
Billy wanted to see Star Wars at the movies.
Nick was eighteen and decided to vote.
Kendra wanted to learn how to cook.
My daughter is going into the first grade.
The town gathered in the city park.
Patrick knocked his neighbor's door.
Chris worked as a busboy at a Mexican restaurant.
Cable was a master magician able to perform the latest of tricks.
Herman had never left his hometown.
I was watching a LLWS game on ESPN.
Isaac got a camera for his birthday.
Alison got a new laptop.
Makenzie never showed signs of having any allergies.
When Zachary moved to his new town, he went to meet his neighbors.
Suzie owned John money.
I came home from school today with no internet or cable.
Randy's football game was on Monday.
One day Mrs Dozer went grocery shopping.
Kristin had left a chocolate bar on the coffee table.
One day Alana and her friends had a bubble-blowing contest.
Bob's lawn was needing mowing again.
Melinda wanted go and see a band on Saturday night with her friends.
Megan was feeling light headed.
Mark volunteered to help with his daughter's team.
Dawn and her mother loved going to the bookstore on Tuesday's.
Lynn lost her glasses while vacationing in Amsterdam.
Jason was competing in an alumni softball game.
One day the Johnson family went on a road trip.
Alex decided to visit his family in Italy.
Lana worked as an administrative assistant.
Terry had been working for David.
My friend invited me to her house.
Marsha met her friends on the beach for a picnic.
Tina lost her dog.
Jerry went to a bar.
Benny loved playing at the park.
Mom and Dad went out of the town for the weekend.
Greg went to visit his mom.
There lived a tiny mouse inside a modest house.
Travis was very hot.
Heather had a lot to get done today.
Woody's woman cheated on him with another man.
Larry woke up very early in the morning to begin his day.
Anna wanted to show her patriotism.
Dexter loved hiking with his parents.
Jacob asked his parents for a car for his birthday.
Delilah was learning how to knit.
Joe was meeting his friends to watch the game.
Tina had been reading a book for a long time.
Bill was interested in purchasing a ukulele.
Marcus had been arrested for a robbery he had not committed.
Johnny loved to listen to rock music.
I took my son to the zoo.
Kevin went to the local kite festival.
I went to a breastfeeding conference today.
Jen was obsessed with her ex-husband.
Bernie was excited.
Joy had been adding change to her big glass jar for over ten years.
Brie was named after a cheese.
Tina was adamant on being the craziest person in the group.
Chad was going down the stairs.
Francine and Bailey sat at the lunch table together.
Jim went to a concert to see his favorite band.
The family heard a loud crash.
Dolores started her massage practice with a strange client.
Quincy went for a bathroom break.
Tom had the same cushions for the last 10 years.
The dog went outside in the yard.
Lucy was fascinated by old abandoned buildings.
Isabel had come down with the flu.
Nathan loved trying new foods.
One day some kids at recess decided to play hopscotch.
Aaron was running late for school.
Tina's mom told her to go to bed.
Jesse and Tina went to an AC/DC concert.
Shana was supposed to take her SAT exams in a few hours.
Lucas bought a lollipop from the store.
Suzanna grew up watching her grandma make jelly from scratch.
Lilly received a birthday gift.
The sky was perfectly clear.
Rachel had gone to a party with her friends.
My wife has to do pt exercises every other day.
Sally was planning a trip across state.
Mary wanted to go to France.
Anna's mom gave her $100 for school clothes.
Joshua woke up at 3 am and wanted WiFi so he could watch some videos.
Natalie had never been in a helicopter before.
Tony loved all animals, and always wanted to bring home wild ones.
Betty's family wanted to picnic at the campgrounds.
Molly couldn't sleep.
Fred was a professional pitcher for the Yankees.
Laura got up early so she could take a brisk 2-mile walk before work.
When I was about twelve years old my parents bought a summer home.
Judy went to the grocery store.
Kenzie was a musician.
Frank was learning to fly a plane.
On the way to work this morning, I stepped in a pile of dog poo.
Linda liked junk shopping with her grandmother.
Dori took the lawn mower out of the shed to mow the lawn.
Carlos computer broke.
One day Tom's dog ran away.
The kids gathered their supplies.
Lisa went to get a manicure.
I was on the bench with my 99 year old friend Jim yesterday.
Kip always loved war movies that involved submarines.
Billy stood in the middle of the field nervously.
My mom told me today she's lost over 100 pounds due to lap-band.
Aya was a Muslim from Europe, visiting her parents' country.
Today while in the cafeteria my stomach growled loudly.
Heidi didn't have much storage.
Roy loved to eat food at diners.
One day Jessica invited her neighbors over.
Tom decided to try a new casserole recipe.
Kelly loved music.
A group of neighborhood kids had a snowball fight one day.
Claire went shopping for perfume one day.
Pauline often worked with chemicals.
Carlie bought sparklers from a fireworks tent on the Fourth of July.
Katie and Jose wanted to raise money for the animal shelter.
For Ashley, going to medical school it meant leaving behind her life.
Gina loved all kinds of fruit.
I had cut sugar from my diet for two months.
Nita was working at a topless bar when her boss made her an offer.
Max loved technology.
Maggie read a story in the news about a boy raised by wolves.
Today, I overheard two classmates arguing about Joan of Arc.
Justine's anniversary was coming up.
Michelle loved dressing up like a ballerina.
Ricky was driving his four wheeler through the mud.
Miles was swimming in the lake.
Dana has a birthday party.
Tony woke up in the middle of the night.
Cody was punished for not keeping up with his school work.
I went to bed last night at three.
My girlfriend is always complaining about me not being romantic.
Mark was never a good baseball player.
Gary strolled casually through the antique shop.
The swimmers lined up to start the race.
Lola was not a very daring person.
I've been trying to get pregnant for three years now.
Mel wanted to learn a new sport.
Tony had a box of old books.
Abby started second grade.
One day the Cass family decided to build a first aid kit.
The Schmade family decided to play Wii Fit one day.
Morgan went to the river to get water.
I usually sit on the easy chair at 10 pm.
Rita loved fall.
The kids ran towards the water.
Ron had always wanted to catch a big marlin.
Eds wife thought he had quit smoking, but he really hadn't.
My old boss is from Arlington, MA.
My boyfriend got a new job that's a lot closer to my house.
Juliet was pregnant and about to give birth.
Cassie was walking in the park.
Harold was clumsy.
Regina was unhappily stuck in traffic.
Betty was a special kind of girl, she was well liked.
There lived a mercenary with no feelings or empathy.
My neighbor Louise was waiting for the bus today.
Elizabeth drew a crayon picture on a post card.
It rarely snowed in the small town.
A kid threw a water balloon at me as I was leaving my apartment.
Brent bought some fireworks for the Fourth of July.
Gina was preparing some seasoning for her chicken.
Carly loved playing sports.
Paul was new at school.
Yesterday my truck was broken into while parked on the street.
Miley needed some extra cash, so she dropped a college class.
Today I had to do inventory at work with my boss.
On the street corner a man smoked a cigar.
Elizabeth was golfing in Florida.
Jennifer went to a baseball game with her boyfriend.
My husband has gross, long toenails that he refuses to cut.
Laura was feeling extremely thirsty.
I really had to go to the bathroom.
Ida entered a local beauty contest.
Angie dreaded August.
Dora went outside to check on her garden.
Drew went to play basketball with his friends.
Anne hung up a red hummingbird feeder outside her window.
Jenna heard some jingling.
Naya was starting high school, and she was nervous.
Chris had a new baby boy.
Nate bought a surprise for his wife.
Carl's favorite drink is a hot cup of coffee.
Malcolm was practicing shooting targets with his gun.
Charles was sick.
I played three games of chess with my friend Joe last night.
Laby was cutting her flowers in her garden.
One day Mary went to the park to feed the ducks.
The school always had parties on Valentine's Day.
The new puppy slept all day.
Tina enjoyed cheerleader camp.
Milton has three children.
When I was younger my mom used to punish me by grounding.
Kara woke up to the loud alarms of smoke detectors going off.
Robert was relaxing in the local river.
Bart went skateboarding on the boardwalk.
Gerald loved fencing and often dueled other children.
Marie and her family went on a vacation to Canada.
Lacey made steak with two side dishes.
The kids didn't have anything to do.
Mark was at bat and had two strikes on him.
Jimmy was up to bat in a baseball game.
The penguin had a new home at the zoo.
William was a good basketball player.
Casey was eating at a pizza buffet.
Carrie the 3-year-old found a pair of scissors on the kitchen counter.
Anna was a free spirit, and she moved to Hawaii after college.
Jill is staying alone at her house.
Ricky decided to run a triathlon.
Humphrey hired a nanny to take care of his six children.
Steve heard a noise in the fireplace.
John really wanted to learn to play chess like a grand master.
The friends went to the pool.
Toby needed money.
Dan was learning how to carve a pumpkin.
Dina was a server at a restaurant.
Monica woke up with pain in her right ear.
I used to volunteer for a non-profit, doing fundraising.
I climbed to the top of my roof with the ladder.
My sister-in-law has shortness of breath.
Mary loved to use glitter on anything.
Tina was curious about food.
Selena was shopping at Williams Sonoma.
Felipe went on a camping trip with his family.
Donald had always wanted to meet the president.
Marissa waited patiently in bed for her mom to show up.
Dana's grandfather was bringing her to school.
Barbara spent all day in front of the TV watching anything.
Gerold like to invent new things.
Donna and Scott visited the beach for vacation.
Arthur sat down to read a book and relax.
Gina cut strips of fabric into squares.
Hannah wanted to embroider some tea towels for her sister.
As soon as Diana woke up, she started to have stomach cramps.
Tony had a lot of laundry to do.
Our granddaughter Anna is two and a half.
I've been a teacher for nine years.
John was doing his morning jog by the lake when he saw a stray dog.
Danny was cooking pancakes for his kids.
Rachel made a delicious soup.
Paul wanted a bet.
I had a crooked tooth.
Brenda was a nurse.
Sal and his wife flew to Hawaii for vacation.
Leroy had terrible trouble sleeping.
Robert had just had his wisdom teeth pulled.
Mike forgot his girlfriend's birthday.
Anna was disappointed.
Gemini was vacationing in Brazil.
Liam signed up for an internet dating website.
Greg had just listened to a very popular song.
Tom loved to go fishing on the lake with his dad.
One day Alex had a pool party.
One day Savanna and her friends went kite flying.
I had such a busy day today.
The kids dug a big hole.
Eric got a job selling magazines.
Sally was a big fan of art.
Roger wanted to wear his new shirt to school.
Laura got a new haircut the other day.
Peter didn't like children and yet he was a clown.
I forgot to grab a shirt when I went to the shower.
My cousin worked with a heavy pot smoker in 1975.
The family built a new house.
Kate loved playing monopoly.
Today in class a cute boy asked me for my number.
Manu made a lot of friends while he was in college.
James wanted to eat a really good tomato.
Nathan got a toy rocket for his birthday.
Anna found a wallet in the school bathroom at school.
Siegfried was playing with his pet tiger.
Jena was trying to get in shape.
Pepper the cat wanted to play with Delilah the cat.
My grandpa had an old farm cat.
The Jones had the Young's over for dinner one night.
Fiona didn't like eating at McDonald's.
Becca was perusing books in the library.
Henry went to a fast food restaurant.
Steve planned on cooking macaroni and cheese for lunch.
The couple set the ingredients for a new recipe on the counter.
Ted rolled out of bed when it was still dark outside.
Sheila set of for the airport early so she could catch her flight.
Ted and Jim were in love.
Mick woke up with a great, big grin on his face.
Courtney hadn't been staying at her house.
Tess went to a diner for breakfast.
Jones worked at a large paper company in Texas.
Tom's girlfriend called and wanted to have picnic.
Phillip was in medical school listening to a lecture.
Macy wanted to be a high school cheerleader.
The family was building a new home.
The Morris family entered the pet adoption center looking for kittens.
Dave was being bullied at school.
Jeff was starting an online class.
James enjoyed hiking a lot.
The boys were walking in the woods.
Billy wanted to buy a new car for himself.
Janelle had a hot date.
A thunderstorm occurred during the night time.
Roy remembered a report that was due soon and he did not start it yet.
Tom's tennis team was supposed to have a tournament on Tuesday.
Aaron was a waiter at a restaurant.
In my boyhood I was bad at most sports.
Joey hadn't seen his ex girlfriend in a while.
Tiffany loved to go fishing.
Don was running for class president of the senior class.
She wondered why my friend wanted to work for us.
Miranda was swinging on a rope swing hanging from an old tree.
Miley was in the elevator at work.
Helen loved photography.
My mother insisted on going to an Easter play after work.
Sean was in a bad mood.
I didn't think I'd ever enjoy exercising.
James decided he wanted a cookie.
Liz traveled to Europe to visit her sick grandmother.
One day the Jun family went out for ice cream.
Doris loved playing bingo at her retirement home.
Maurice had the very bad habit of always telling the truth.
Valerie wanted to play video games with me.
Sandy went to the zoo with her grandpa.
Emma's air conditioner quit working on a hot June day.
Evan had a new job.
We lived in a condo in Brighton, MA, in 1995.
Larry took archery classes at summer camp.
John wanted to impress a girl at school.
Bill invited Sue to Aruba for New Years.
I was laying in bed the other night, trying to sleep.
Susie was trying to find her way home.
Matthew went to a local bakery to collect taxes.
One day the Denzer family decided to track their ancestry.
Carter came home to something on his front porch.
I had lunch with my old boss this week.
Anna got a paper cut before going to work one day.
Shelby was under pressure from studying too hard for her finals.
Juan dreamed of becoming a teacher for his whole life.
The court case was very complicated.
Timothy entered a gas station in Los Angeles.
Isabel loved her father, even after he divorced her mother.
Hal's dream was to be a cartoonist.
Cassandra was hosting a beach bonfire.
At first my daughter was hesitant about Pokemon Go.
Artie liked to try to guess how much people weighed.
Tasha invited her two best friends over for a slumber party.
A woman came in the deli yesterday and ordered a cake.
The kids loved their video game system.
Tina was getting very tired.
Franny was always cold.
One day at the store, a little girl begged her mother for candy.
My daughter starting screaming the other night in bed.
Jeff get his paycheck.
Katie recently had owned a small cabin.
The family was taking a road trip.
George wanted to own a kitten.
Janice took a class to learn how to speak French.
Marty did carpentry work on the weekends.
John was vacationing in the mountains of western North Carolina.
I was sitting on the bench today.
Dave's wife died of cancer before their second anniversary.
During elementary school, Susan was a bully.
Katie went hiking in the woods.
Peter had just gotten his driver's license.
The girls loved making crafts.
Rick was parking his car along a street during a thunderstorm.
Matthew couldn't find his favorite watch.
Farrah ran towards the playground when her class had recess.
After math class today, I was approached by a creepy kid.
Harry was a very poor man.
Ava walked along a nature trail near a highway.
Cindy had never learned to ride a bike during her childhood.
After being bitten by a dog as a child, Peter was afraid of animals.
Fred went on the pool.
The scientists developed a new robot.
Sammy wanted to learn how to play baseball.
I was hungry so I thought I'd make some lunch.
Todd wanted to earn a little extra money.
Jay woke in the night with severe back pain and heartburn.
Logan needs luck.
Paul was at risk for a disease.
Christian went to church one Sunday.
There was a scratching at the storm door late one night.
Earl was shopping for a new vehicle.
Tom was the worst hitter in his baseball team.
Nick entered a talent show at his school.
Sarah's mom took Sarah to the park.
Amelia always wanted a dog.
Sophie loved her work at the local library.
It was grandparent's day at Jim's kindergarten class.
Benny couldn't stop annoying his parents.
Henry traded shoes with an online buyer.
Ralph was a very short man who was made fun of often by others.
Our cat hides under the chair during thunderstorms.
A new car was up for sale through an action.
Joseph loved to camp.
Marge always dreamed of being a police officer.
Laura and Nick adopted a baby girl.
Lucy found a necklace in her grandmother's attic.
One day after a huge rainstorm Ray went up to his roof.
Sue wanted to impress her boyfriend by cooking dinner.
Jane loved watching reality tv.
Lee was packing his kids' lunches.
Sean was spending fourth of July with friends.
Hector was jogging around the block that morning.
Ally had wanted to go to the zoo all summer.
Shane liked taking care of his garden.
Jim had just broken up with his girlfriend.
Art walked through the cheese section of the grocery store.
Danielle needed to mail a package to Canada.
Briana had an upcoming violin recital.
Bernie was mowing the lawn.
Angie hated to clean so her house was always out of order.
Valerie invited her family over for Thanksgiving dinner.
Simon and his mom went to a farm out in the countryside.
Niles was terrified of going home.
The new iPhone was coming out.
Ella spent a semester studying abroad in Tibet.
Being sick is never fun but George knew it happened to everyone.
Diane had anger issues, yelling at her kids all the time.
Anna had had acne for years.
Kenneth always cheated in school and never got caught.
There was a heavy snow in Hannah's neighborhood.
Naya was 11 and wanted to wear makeup at school.
Amanda wanted to give her sister a surprise party.
Bill had taken vacation time from work.
Regis woke up because he heard strong winds and rain.
T'Pol was an African tribal chief.
I've been job hunting for three months now.
Diana really liked theme parks.
Kevin really wanted stylish new shoes.
Thomas woke up to his alarm clock on the first day of school.
Amy was so frustrated.
Alvin's wife had been on a diet.
Pete had always wanted his own pet puppy.
Maria was shopping at the grocery store.
Harold was flying to China.
Michael started high school in a new town.
Liz and Zoot decided to go to dinner across town.
Kyle would get home everyday and play computer games.
Sharon was sitting in her backyard on a Friday night.
Fiona was constantly being pressured by her mother to diet.
Quinton lived in an apartment on the top floor.
Marcus was riding a horse on the Mongolian steppe.
Frida had a very difficult test.
My wife is retiring.
Xavier put a pair of flippers on his feet.
Sonya liked shopping at thrift stores.
Francisco was taking money out of an atm.
I was on the bench with my 99 year old friend Jim today.
Tyler is told he will get a prize for doing good on a test.
Shawn needed a website for his new business.
We went to the beach yesterday.
Jay's mom asked him to clean his room.
I could hear the outboard motor before I saw the boat at our dock.
Someone I went to school with had a funny laugh.
I wrote a book called Angel Investor but was scared to sell it.
Malik was hiking in the woods.
Joseph never ate lunch at school.
Karen drove to the supermarket.
Jerry tried to bounce the ball to the other side of the court.
Angela was having a hard time reading.
The Smiths moved into a new house.
Franklin challenged his friend to a race.
Every year Monica entered a pie in the county fair.
Shelly decided to clean the dust off of the ceiling fan.
I'm on a vacation with my family enjoying the streets of Paris.
Virginia decided to make spaghetti for dinner.
Ellen was the prettiest waitress in the club.
Sally was watching the Olympics with her family.
Lola begged her parents to get a guinea pig.
I went to the small store yesterday.
I read Henderson the Rain King this week.
The house was a burned out husk that teenagers partied in.
Robbie got a job as a boat hand.
Jenna brought a book from the academic store.
Ash was shy guy ever since he was a young child.
Mike wanted to show his friends around Chicago.
Jack lived in a bad neighborhood.
I got an iPad.
Rex was always good at fixing cars.
Jamie's mom left him in the car for a moment to go pay for gas.
Tom was running late to work.
Joe went to visit his brother in prison.
Tina got a special gift from her mother.
Kesha went on a blind date.
In 2006 I played an April Fool's joke on my friend.
The kids were watching a really dumb movie.
I woke up this morning wet.
Roxanne sat in her living room watching television.
Kathy could not find her chihuahua anywhere.
The weather in Boston was cool this morning.
Margaret had a strange neighbor.
Sam was very bad at math at school.
Jake felt like he needed to prove himself to his friends.
Ava wanted a new pair of jeans.
Tom was away on vacation.
Che was named after the Argentinian revolutionary.
Rob had had a very long day.
Billy came to pick Susan up for prom.
Anna forgot to remove her lipstick from her pocket.
Patty invited some friends over.
Jose began learning the trumpet in 4th grade.
While babysitting my cousins, I taught them how to brush their teeth.
Tom bought a shirt he liked.
Wendell was nervous about his audition.
Kip lost his job at the factory.
Melany was born to be a performer.
Avery was excited to visit the Sears Tower in Chicago.
Alexis went to the nail salon on a Thursday morning.
Robin went to the dentist for a checkup.
Max's eyes were red and watery.
The kids were headed back to school.
After moving out on his own, Todd felt lonely.
Suzy wanted to make it to the sale.
Jessica received a paycheck from her job.
Liam loved going to the beach.
Mickey loved being around his friends every chance he could get.
One of my students once turned in a paper.
Mary had never left her state.
Jerry loves to eat food from other nations.
Gary was trapped in his basement.
Michael tapped his steering wheel impatiently.
I've never gotten along with my in-laws.
Mikey went hunting for the first time with his grandpa.
One day Quinn went to the library.
During World War II the highway near my grandma's farm was empty.
My house was broken into, but none of my electronics were missing.
Avery decided to start a rock collection.
Josie was five when she saw her first snow.
My niece works for the RMV  in MA.
Tom was trying to pick out clothes.
My friend Sal is 99.
One day Ellen and her friends went on a nature walk.
Our car started making noises when we stopped.
Tanya and her brother hadn't spoken in years.
John is going up north.
Anne was always anxious about something small, insignificant or both.
Stella went to a concert at a local club.
Oliver went to the beach that summer.
Otis went to the swimming pool with his sister.
Hugo wanted to apply for a top school.
David loved playing the guitar.
Jim wandered into someone else's room on the cruise ship.
Susie decided to open a lemonade stand.
Frank had waited for football season all year.
Lucy's dog loved hanging out in the garage with the door open.
Carla wanted to be more active.
Jay has a new album.
Katrina always loved horses.
Carl liked meeting new people.
Melissa wanted to learn how to shoot a bow and arrow.
Pam's brother knew she hated bugs.
Jason was playing on the floor building a card house.
I bought a new digital food scale.
Tim was bad with money.
Bill sat at his computer all day.
Terena needed an apartment in New York.
James got permission to use the office printer for personal business.
The kids were throwing a party.
Von never seemed to figure out where his pickle juice went.
One day, Oscar's car stopped functioning.
Freda was a beautiful women.
When I was young, we didn't have a lot of money, so we ate tacos a lot.
Sandra wanted to get a new pet.
The pageant contestants arrived at the arena.
I was invited to eat at my boyfriend's house this evening.
Anna was shaving her legs.
Jill left her perfect Thanksgiving turkey on the counter for a minute.
Lisa let her dogs outside in the backyard.
For an English assignment one evening, Doug had to write about a hero.
Jill was driving home from work one night.
My gay friend always wants to do my makeup for me.
Vicki wished she had a puppy.
On the way to work Jake's car broke down.
Josh told his grandma that he got a new pet.
Our daughter sent us a photo of our 2 year old granddaughter.
Lindsay was running for an office in her school's student council.
The family sat down with the reporter.
Ellie wanted to make pizzas for her birthday.
Tom was hungry late at night.
Vincent walked out into the street without looking.
I looked forward to every trip there.
Max had a loose tooth.
Anthony was a chef and a very good one at that.
Melinda drove her new car on the highway.
There was a storm near Stan's home.
Today I went to the grocery store to buy groceries.
John had a school friend named Marty.
Nora decided to make homemade noodles for dinner.
Jacob was playing in a big soccer tournament.
Tim took his dog to the dog park.
We went to IHOP for breakfast today.
Bart was recently laid off from work.
It had always been Jen's dream to go to France.
Timothy and Katherine decided to make seasonal treats for Autumn.
Nancy loved her cats.
Phil worked his way up from cook to general manager.
John was out with some friends on a Friday night.
Stephen went to Brazil for his yearly vacation.
When it was hot this month, our cat stayed on the floor.
George decided to build a cat tree one day for his many cats.
Franny got ready to go out for dinner with her best friend.
Jen took the bus home from school.
Susie found that she got sick when eating bread.
One day, Dwayne decided he was lonely and he would like a pet.
Jade and her sister set up a lemonade stand in their yard.
Anna took her kite to the beach.
Taylor went to economics class one day.
Teresa loved to drink Bloody Mary cocktails.
Tim was eating some hard candy.
Kate came home at night after a long day at work.
My family and I are going out to celebrate New Year's Eve this year.
Bill like to build things.
Today me and my wife were supposed to go to Italy for five days.
Jamie is a nurse at health center.
Tom noticed a bad smell in the apartment.
Molly was ready to decorate for fall.
Isaac's family was driving to a hotel for summer vacation.
Lucinda loved to go out dancing at night.
Nita had the flu.
Leon was smoking his pipe on his porch.
In 1993 I was wandering in the mall.
Tony told Linda she had to do whatever he said.
Eugene needed help getting on the starting team.
I woke up one morning and realized my alarm hadn't gone off.
Julianna was expecting a baby and had gone into labor.
The Smith family was eating dinner.
Lisa built a fence around her house.
Vicky had been trying to potty train her two year old.
Eve's newborn baby started crying.
While mowing the yard today, I heard a small rock fly out.
Jim sat in his tree stand.
Ramona wanted a dress just like the one Elsa wore in Frozen.
Our daughter lives in Queens.
Teresa's mother was always exasperated with her.
Ryder and Sadie went to a winery on a hot July day.
Tom was at a small party.
During a vacation, my family spent a night in a very nice hotel.
The boy wanted to cross the river.
Lydia was cooking a meal for her husband.
Jay woke up early one morning.
Dale's dog was a tangled mess.
Ella set a personal challenge for herself.
Billie was a girl with a boy's name.
Chrissy put on a shiny leotard.
Tom was a married man.
Michael was in love with his brother's girlfriend Marta.
When Thomas was born his mother died while giving birth.
Greg drove his big truck across the ice.
Maury had been out of work for six months.
Gerald wanted a new look.
Sam's cat was overweight.
I walked into the Radiation Oncology center.
Ray bought airline tickets to Bora Bora.
Fay enrolled for a class in creative writing.
Jim stepped outside to get the newspaper off the front porch.
My friend was so excited when I saw her.
Allen went to the beach on a hot July day.
There was a new gym opening nearby.
Jeff had just gotten his driver's license and was very excited.
Beth was a great cook.
John's roommate Bill was terrified of spiders.
My old air conditioner was too weak.
Jane saw Tom standing around in the parking lot.
Dawn only had four years left of school.
Shelly had been raised by her single mother.
Aiden and Riley went to the toy store.
One day Layne decided to go birdwatching.
My grandma made a giant batch of oatmeal every morning.
Malcolm was excused from class to take a test.
Todd had built his first home garden.
When aunt Lily died it was raining a lot.
Gabe meant well and his friends knew it for the most part.
Ahmed cherished his secret surfing spot.
Tom loved playing baseball.
Lisa noticed her daughter wasn't wearing her earrings.
The man decided to get in shape.
Marla bought packets of vegetable seeds from the store.
We live in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
This afternoon my brother sat the family down for a conversation.
Carla was cleaning her laundry room.
Terry would sit and watch the other kids ride their skateboards.
John and Rita were about to get married.
We live in the same building as my sister-in-law.
Jenny got a job at an office building.
I went to Stein Mart shopping for some pants.
Ryan took his fishing pole and a tackle box to a pond.
I used to think my parents weren't very smart.
Evan was having a birthday.
Ellen moved to a new city.
Kim was hungry.
Ben came home from school.
Lisa was a tailor.
There was a boy in a choir who was very rude.
Paul heard a funny noise coming from one of his car tires.
Edward bought a lottery ticket at a gas station.
Mac would spend long nights drinking and thinking about his ex-wife.
Tessa was just waking up in her bed.
I went to get my birth control prescription today.
Jason loved to barbecue.
Tiffany had her make professionally done all her life by one person.
I love vegetable cooking oil so much.
Tom's toaster was old.
Today Logan is having a new food.
Pepper was so excited.
Sarah has a math exam on Friday.
Molly woke up very nervous for her first day of middle school.
My wife likes a brand of white potato.
Rob found a new place to golf.
I went out this fun party last night with some friends.
A group of Asian kids were walking out of a class.
Allie was having a birthday party.
The Weitz family decided everyone would make their own Christmas card.
Beatrice heard whimpering outside her front door.
Linda needed to go shopping.
I introduced Jenny to my close friends.
Damien was playing outside one day while his parents were arguing.
Tom's bathtub was getting dirty.
I had my first day at work last week.
Jim and Theresa went for walk around their neighborhood.
Mariana thought she was a great speller.
Today I was on a conference call with three other people.
Bill was a small town cop and his brother the town bully.
Harold was sensitive to pork.
My sister-in-law's birthday was July 27th.
Joe was paddling down the river.
Adelyn went to to visit her great aunt who lived on a farm.
Tina and her crew were on their boat.
The White family went to the zoo.
Tracy was going to her nephew's birthday party.
Jodie was expecting a baby anyday.
My 99 year old neighbor Sam has early dementia.
Tom's apartment was broken into.
Mary decided to make a scrapbook of her summer one year.
Jill heard the school bus approaching as she walked to the bus stop.
Henry walked out of his classroom.
Emily was a picky eater.
Paul finished his dinner.
My son and wife and I went to dinner one night.
The man was not honest or ethical.
Paul warned his friends not to tie cans to his car on his wedding day.
Deborah was watching TV when her phone rang.
Sam jumped to school all the time.
Jimmy had gone to the circus with his parents.
Tim was hunting deer with his dad.
Melissa wanted to be a cheerleader.
Nathan's family went camping each summer for one week.
Tana and Tina were best friends as kids.
The couple planned an anniversary trip.
Tom noticed a new lamp at home.
Jack had always wanted his own dinosaur.
I had been applying to any job I could find for months.
The scientists were helping the students learn.
Elena took her keys out.
Tom was trying to make hamburgers.
Annie felt contractions in her pregnant belly.
I have to wear a eeee width shoe.
Tom had never owned a new car.
My friend Tim's daughter is in a custody battle.
There was a small boardwalk near the shore.
Ellen was driving home.
Tom always bought brand names his whole life.
Tom wrote his girlfriend a letter.
My wife got off work early today.
It had been worn down to a few strings.
Benny scanned several items on the counter.
Dan went jogging down a busy street on a rainy night.
Kate bought a new bike.
Lindsay was renovating her home.
Jane had been working a lot lately.
Jared set out to improve an online volunteer-run encyclopedia.
It was time for the Cook's to go own their annual summer vacation.
Sato was learning calligraphy.
The day had record heat.
Gabe was a graduate student studying archaeology.
Melvin was excited about his day at the beach.
Sybil decided to make a strawberry yogurt smoothie.
My sister-in-law H received $60K in insurance in 1985.
Everyone took their stance.
Amy was cleaning a fan in her house.
Gina posted explicit pictures on her social media webpages.
Albert was driving home from the movies.
Shannon made twenty different slow cooker meals.
My dad helped me build an interesting miniature car.
Sal talked about all his coworkers behind their backs.
Tom had the day off from work.
I had a test to study for.
My brother emailed me yesterday.
Morgan was the top scorer in class.
Dan walked in the woods on a warm spring day.
Juan was incredibly excited for his first day of middle school.
Dori had been working on becoming an RN for many years.
Lucas woke up early to go fishing with his father.
Marty had a hard time getting her children to floss their teeth.
Jane was feeling depressed.
The kids loved reading.
Mike and Cathy went canoeing on the river.
I was up last night playing video games.
A guy I like finally asked me out on a date.
There was a scary mortician who worked at the morgue.
My neighbor saw something moving in the grass in his yard.
Rick's lawn mower died.
Janet had always wanted to be a dancer.
Jill was in class at school.
Zaddy Tracks is a black cat.
I really like the taste of my grandma's soy milk.
Mike woke up with a really bad stomach ache one Sunday morning.
Kyle went to a baseball game with his friends.
Anna committed to veganism.
Sonia took her toddler to visit the aquarium.
Beth bought some new fabric.
Helen was invited to join the school play by her drama teacher.
Daria liked horror novels.
Dee decided to make a meatloaf for dinner.
Jenny was always running late.
Anna rented a kayak at the lake.
I went to a new nightclub ready for some fun.
Tim joined his school's swim team.
Tina and her family chilled by the ocean.
Donna's sister asked her to give a reading at her wedding.
Tina wanted to take the ferry back to the island.
Kelly got a wedding invitation in the mail.
We went to IHOP this morning.
One Sunday the Banno family went to church together.
The vet told Anna that her dog had bad teeth.
Tom was out driving with his girlfriend.
Danielle had fun things in her room.
Walton was the manager at a grocery store.
Mary had a precious ring that use to belong to her mother.
William was making bird noises in the classroom.
I've been fretting over telling my boss that I'm planning on quitting.
Laura wanted to find the perfect dress.
Jennifer visited Florida with her grandparents.
Terra had a birthday party at the park.
Bill liked to ride his bike outside in the sun.
Sienna was trying to lose weight.
My wife uses the car more than I do.
Tabitha had a psychology test on Friday.
Timmy and his brother decided to sleep in a tent in the backyard.
I had to go to class today despite being sick.
Hope was nervous.
Tom bought a new coat.
Yogi went camping with his family at the national park.
Leroy loved playing video games.
Andre wanted to join the swim team.
Benny took a moment to look at his neighborhood.
Kevin had a bunny rabbit named Peter.
Jenny approached a stranger at the mall.
Tom loved a rock band.
My father went back to use the bathroom.
Anna was on her way to a family reunion several hundred miles away.
The family was on a trip in Costa Rica.
Henry's phone charger broke in the library.
Jess was a student and the local university.
A fly was buzzing around the house.
Marvin played outside on a playground.
Cheryl had recently graduated from college and needed a job.
Kenny is on his way home.
I work at a waste disposal facility for minimum wage.
Carson had been looking online at new bathroom vanities.
In 2009 our daughter got her Master's degree.
The woman wanted to knit a blanket.
Angie had been feeling very lonely and needed a friend.
Jack grew up in the 1950s with four brothers and a sister.
Stan pretended to be a doctor on a forum.
LInda was out with friends.
My friend came over to watch Netflix and chill.
Fiona walked outside in the woods.
Andrea loved the beach.
Hannah rushed to the fridge.
Sam was assigned a project for science.
Doug was assigned to stack boxes at work.
Tim was graduating high-school.
The football team was excited.
6-year-old Georgie loved playing tic-tac-toe.
Chip worked at Lockheed Martin.
Jane was out with friends having dinner.
Martin is the star player.
Anna's kindergarten class took a field trip to the zoo.
I sit on the bench in front of our building to read.
The castaway wanted to send a message to others.
Seth was playing a game online.
Ursula took out several ingredients to prepare eggs.
Anna made a pot of chili.
Tom got an alert from his bank.
Roland was driving down the street at night.
My daughter is 14 weeks pregnant.
Tom loved going shooting.
Braxton put on his swimming suit and goggles.
Dave heard a noise outside.
I went to the Red sox game last night.
Anna had always eaten brand name cereal.
I work in a really busy office overseeing multiple people.
Valerie came onto the stage.
George knew the rules of the school.
Jasmine was squinting in the sun.
In 1994 we went to Mystic for a family vacation.
Tom was playing with fireworks.
Anna's dog was hit by a car.
Lisa woke up and covered herself in a set of blankets.
I went shoe shopping yesterday.
Max was walking by a store one night.
Tim went trick or treating with friends.
Our condo super married one of the tenants in 1995.
Anna was a little tipsy one night.
I wanted to learn how to play Pokemon Go.
My 99 year old friend Dave sits on the bench a lot.
Martha decided to teach her baby basic sign language.
Anna loved vampires.
Lily found a little puffin by the sea.
Tom was on his lunch break.
There was a large hurricane.
Tim was at a bar.
I woke up to prepare for my first day of school.
Tom was watching a movie.
John took his frozen pizza out of the freezer.
Brenda was always skinny.
Tom thought he was really strong.
Tim loved eating cookies.
Today is my son-in-law's 33rd birthday.
Anna had a few bills overdue.
Tom's dog ran away.
Wendy opened the oven.
My niece works at her town community swimming pool.
