I paid the cashier and patiently waited for my drink. When she handed me the drink, the lid came off and spilled on me. The coffee hurt and I had to go home and change clothes.
He decided he would continue the business. He soaked up all the info from his dad. He took over the business.
But when they went to the shark exhibit, Kim was scared. She stayed behind as the other students watched the sharks. Everyone made fun of Kim.
Suddenly, her kick sent her falling backwards. The chair hit the ground with a thud and broke. Susie hurt her head and was really scared.
She didn't have enough time to brake and drove towards the moose. They were both knocked out. She eventually got up and called the police.
He looked in the mirror. He saw something in his eye. He washed his face to clean his eyes.
He accepted, and then stuck his gum on the spoon. He used the gun to affix it to his nose. Ivy, laughing, refused to pay him since he cheated!
She counted down the days until the Saturday of her party. When she woke up Saturday morning, she felt sick. She had to cancel the party.
When I walked in the club people stared. I danced all night and made lots of friends. I went home with several phone numbers.
Ike went to investigate and saw a small cat. He gave it some dried fish and pet it as it purred. Now, sometimes on his walks, the cat follows Ike around.
Her mother put Shout on the stain and let them sit an hour. When she washed the shorts the stain was gone. Kim was very happy she was able to save her shorts.
She hoped the store would have at least one gallon. She was happy to see a full shelf of her water. Gina added three gallons to her basket and went to pay.
And she had a hard time saying no. Gabby began to hate the other students. And at lunch, she ate far away from everyone.
Her grandma was taking her to see a doctor. Lucy panicked. She couldn't go to a doctor for a tummy ache from stealing cake.
Then, she jumped in the air. The picture kept coming out wrong. It took twenty tries to get it right.
His buddy came over with tools and fixed all the creaky spots. The stairs no longer made annoying noise, and he paid his friend. His friend took his tools and went home.
He started a local food bank and began providing meals to the needy. He knew it wasn't fixing the world, but it was a step. Within a month he had helped provide over a thousand meals!
She put in applications for a new, different job. She was called in for an interview at an animal shelter. Cindy got the job and felt happier working with animals.
I decided to buy a cable service. The cable guy showed up the next day. He installed cable for me and it was great.
He backed away before doing something he would regret. He looked at her lover lying dead on the couch. His anger had gone far enough already.
I shopped around and found a car in my budget - a Chevy Chevette. It was really small, but it was mine. I was one happy guy.
The woman gave her directions to the hotel. Kim followed them but was more lost than before. The employee told her to take a left when it should have been right.
I called a plumber who told me it would cost a lot of money. I decided to watch youtube videos on how to fix it myself. I was able to fix it and saved a lot of money by doing so.
She smelled all the flowers growing in the field. She picked a few flowers and brought them home. She placed the flowers in a vase with water.
She put a load in. When she took it out, all her white clothes were now pink. She hadn't sorted the colors from the whites!
I jumped over fifty cars Thursday afternoon. The police told me that I shouldn't pogo over traffic like that. Disappointed, I took my pogo stick home.
Eventually he decided on one. When he went to the dealership they didn't have it. Carl decided to wait until they got one in.
The little boy competed in the race. His dad helped him build the car. He ended up getting a trophy for third place.
He took practice repetitions all week. Brock was ready to start their next game. He had a spectacular performance.
He checked and saw two coworkers fighting. It looked like it might get violent so Zack intervened. The instigator of the fight was fired.
Eventually, Hank developed a bad posture. And it took Years to correct. Hank regret not listening to the advice of others.
He studied their works and lives. He learned a lot. He put into practice what he learned and changed his life.
My sister in law and wife had fried chicken and I had pot roast. The service was slow, and the waiter was hard to find. My sister in law is going to complain on yelp.
It is pretty simple and uncomplicated. But she loves to watch it more than anything. It is amazing what little kids love to watch.
To choose, they flipped a coin and Jim won. They played Uno and Damien won every game. Jim was bitter about this and vowed to win next time.
One day, a man offered her a steady job after seeing her hard work. She became a gardener at the community co-op garden. With her steady wages, she finally could afford to rent an apartment.
Him and his friends were watching the game, completely enraptured. Then, Lenny's team won and he won a lot of money. Ultimately, the bet was worth the amount they've made.
I was wary but I decided to try it. Alas, I burnt the garlic during the roasting. Nevertheless, the burned garlic tasted good.
She acquired the help of a co worker. They got away with this for some time. Eventually the two were caught and fired.
He asked for hamburgers instead for his birthday meal. His mom grinded up the hot dogs and made a pattie out of them. Ed was happy he got a burger that year.
Unfortunately, it was very hard and my knife slipped. It cut my hand very badly. I threw the squash away and ordered a pizza instead.
She doesn't have a job, therefore our disabled parents support them. I have tried to help her with teaching about Government assistance. You just can't help people that won't help themselves.
Embarrassed, I walked away. The man behind me paid for my drink. I thanked him for his kindness.
Her grandma was ready to go back home. Lucy quickly grabbed some books and checked out. Books would have to do since she had no internet at home.
It looked like the branches were reaching down to grab me. I ran as fast as I could to get out into the clear. Then I woke up in a cold sweat from the nightmare I was having.
She traced her steps outside. Luckily, she found the cheese down the road. She picked it up and brought it home.
When she realized she was in the wrong building she started running. She ran all the way across the quad to get to the right building. When she arrived the scowled as she walked to an empty desk.
She put the chicken in small bags and the pasta in other small bags. She then put all the cooked food into her freezer. Helga had enough food for a week of dinner.
Jake played a great game. His best friend played better. Jake lost the game.
When she got to the tryouts she did her routine. She did a backflip and some cheers. The captain agreed to let her on the team.
During rehearsal they joked around a lot but never got caught. The director focused his attention on the violin section. After 20 years they still remember playing card together in rehearsal.
He decreases toppings and increases prices. He starts to hemorrhage regular customers. By the time he fixes the problems he created it's too late.
She had so much to tell her about the day. Amy rode into her yard and threw her bike down. She ran into the house to see her mother was already on the phone.
But then he actually started to play. Ryan's ball went everywhere except to the pins! Ruefully, Ryan realized bowling wasn't easy, after all!
One time she had to drive herself across town. She stopped to put gas but put it in the wrong place. It messed up Jane's engine and she learned a lesson.
Each family member has a different character. I have a reindeer and my brother has a santa. It is something unique and interesting in our family.
Tonight, I vowed to color my hair before bed. I made sure Greg could watch the kids and then I colored my hair. My hair came out fabulous and I feel great because of it.
However, they also taught me how to play. On the final hand, I bluffed. I walked away with the pot.
That stranger picked him up and brought him home. The stranger took care of Sampson for the next week. Sampson woke up in a shelter the next morning.
When Cam was neck deep in water he felt something on his leg. A jellyfish had stung Cam! He winced in pain and slowly Came swam back ashore.
He noticed a charity. He went inside and explained his situation. Luckily they offered him some food.
Upon arriving at the beach they set out a towel and laid down. After a few minutes, a large group of storm clouds appeared. Todd and Sam packed up their beach towels and headed back home.
Johnny was having a lot of fun, until he saw a fin. He knew it was a shark, and started to paddle. He made it to the shore, looked back to see it was only a dolphin.
The boy's response was a snowball the the face. They both threw off their mittens and began throwing snowballs. By the time their hands were numb they were too tired to continue.
The everyone had the same amount of eggs. However, the last egg was hard to find. After thinking, I found the egg in the oven.
I didn't get the chance to tell her. She walked in and slipped right away. Luckily she wasn't hurt but I still apologized.
It made her sad that she wouldn't be able to get her parents anything. A few days before Christmas, a customer left her $100 tip. She was able to get something for her parents afterall!
They prepared all morning. After lunch, they had a show for Bonnie's stuffed animals. They were a wonderful audience!
We were asked to stay in our hotel. That night we saw a man in a white shirt stand in front of tanks. The next day the consulate asked us to leave the country.
She ate and ate all day like a true glutton. When she tried to get on the plane back to France, she didn't fit. She was too fat to board and so lived in Belgium the rest of her life.
He thought he heard noises from the ducts but he didn't see anything. He put the cover back on and started to walk away. He then heard more noises and realized that the cat was in there.
They boys crept up and stole the mud pies. When the girls caught them thew threw the pies at them. The girls ran to crying into the house.
He only took ten minutes to complete the competition. I eagerly moved towards him to witness the artwork. It was the mirror image of my lips.
They rushed in the theater to get good seats. After they were settled, Eric went and got popcorn. They agreed afterwards it was well worth the wait.
They asked a curator when it would open. The curator told them 4PM. They were relieved to hear this.
They all followed her downstairs expecting to be in trouble. She didn't say a word to them just kept walking. They were more confused than ever when she went outside.
He met a new lady he liked. He never came home. Now my parents are divorced.
She went to her dad's room and asked to borrow one. Her dad lent her a belt, and Anna tried it on. To her relief, her dad's belt fit perfectly.
They couldn't believe their dog AND doll had been lost to one storm. Suddenly, the sound of paws slapping against wet concrete drew near! It was Hattie, bounding home with the missing doll in her mouth!
One afternoon, he spent a whole hour playing his music. On Friday, he played the song for his music teacher at school. He was really proud of himself for playing every note perfectly!
She searched the entire gym for her things. Finally, some girl's little sister admitted that she had done it. She gave Denise back her stuff and apologized.
More specifically, he was the ghost of evil. He walked around his house with the blanket on his head being bad. Eventually, he got tired of being the ghost of evil.
One of the football players lived across the street from the school. He was tired of getting awakened by the sound of trumpets and drums. So he turned the water on the field all night and made an ice rink.
Joe clutched his stomach in pain. He called the ambulance to bring him to the hospital. The doctors confirmed that Joe had food poisoning at the hospital.
She was supposed to look like she was enjoying a new snack food. As the camera rolled she took a bite, smiling. It was so horrible she spit it out while being filmed.
He brought home a another dog, and that didn't work. Next, he brought home a kitten. Eric's dog now has a kitten friend with whom he can't be separated.
She cancelled her gym membership. Linda bought some free weights and used free workouts online. She was able to stay active and save money at the same time.
All of a sudden a police officer pulled him over. The office told him a tail light was burned out. Ed was very happy he just got a warning.
She bought tomato seeds at the store. She planted them in her garden. In the spring time she had 5 full blossoming tomato plants.
She would sometimes run into things. She walked out into traffic while on her phone. She got hit by a car.
When Caleb stepped onto the ice, he could hear his mom cheering. During the game, Caleb managed to score two goals. Stepping off the ice Caleb again heard the cheers of his mother.
Then he had a better idea. He got his friends together and they formed their own bowling club. Now Evan plays with other bad bowlers, and they all have a great time!
As I shopped for items, I noticed my ex-boyfriend looking around. I ducked and dashed around the store until he was out of sight. Eventually, I lost him and quickly drove home.
When I got there he poured me a cup. I let it cool for a while in my hand. When I went to take a sip I saw it had a roach in it and spit it out.
When they looked back they saw it would be a long row to shore. They rested awhile and then started the row back. They were exhausted when they finally reached land.
So, Jeff lied about how much allowance he got. The other kids seemed jealous, which pleased Jeff. Then, the kids asked Jeff to buy them some candy since he was rich.
Yet unfortunately it damaged her hair. Kelly had to get it cut off. She was upset about it.
Then she set a table up outside to sell the lemonade. Lots of cars stopped for a refreshing drink. By the end of the day Lula had made almost forty dollars!
Instead, she wanted to come up with a copy-cat recipe. She worked with different recipes for almost a month. Finally, she got very close to the original soup.
He applied to The Green Company. In the interview he was asked how he felt about climate change? He said he hoped the weather got better soon and was not hired.
One year we built a board platform high in a pine tree. We were sitting up there when we saw a huge spider. We didn't climb as many trees after that.
They had no idea what to do. Kelly ended up falling asleep. Her friends had to wake her up.
He decided to get money from Amazon Mechanical Turk. He worked on Mechanical Turk for three months. Finally, he saved up enough money for Christmas presents.
The interviewer noticed Tyrone's gaudy tie. The interviewer used to dress up as Santa Claus on Christmas. Tyrone was hired on the spot because of his gaudy tie.
The teacher gave him detention for not having his school supplies. During detention, Todd wrote a short story about his experience. His teacher helped Todd get his story published in a famous journal.
Eric was nervous in the final round. Ultimately Eric ended up winning the tournament. Tom congratulated Eric for his win.
It was a rainy day and he got in a accident on the way. His new car was messed up pretty bad but he was fine. Dawson was sad that his new car was already ruined.
She ended up getting a job at a nursing home. Her job was fulfilling but still sad. Then one day jill met a handsome man and they are now dating.
His roommate discovered that the pizza had not been fully cooked. He began to gag. Andrew laughed at his roommate's misfortune.
To my dismay however, there was a rat in the basement. We all freaked out. Thankfully we called animal control and they took care of it.
They couldn't agree on whether to do tinsel or popcorn. They decided to play rock-paper-scissors. Sara won and they went with popcorn.
She was naked while holding a dirty diaper. Jane tried to walk away from the girl. However, the girl continued to follow her.
She tried to get it working but wouldn't work. Finally Alicia got it working. Turns out it was broken before.
She quickly ran into the house to get her EpiPen. Hannah grabbed the EpiPen and stabbed it into her leg. Hannah decided to take the rest of the day off.
One day, she wasn't really feeling like doing her best. Instead of working, she played and talked with friends. When she saw the consequences of this, she never did it again.
Val was in fact the bully. Her mother was embarrassed when the principal showed her the proof. Val was grounded for a month for being a bully, and telling lies.
The detectives went to the crime lab to review old clues. A detective picked up a scarf and examined it. The scarf had initials on it and he realized who did it.
Dan got a hammer and pounded the nail in. When he did the wood of the porch split. Dan redid the whole porch with brick.
They forced game seven with their win today. The team is very ecstatic. Dan gives a motivational speech in the locker room.
This morning neither wanted to. They played rocks, papers, scissors over it. Margo lost and had to walk the dogs.
Every day Kathy worked on making the baby blanket. As she worked, she thought about her baby and how much love she had. When her baby finally arrived, she wrapped him in the special blanket.
Amy spent many Years saving money working at other bakeries. Finally she had enough money. Amy was very proud on the day when she opened her own bakery.
The waiter came over with a salad. Don was disgusted because he hated vegetables. He yelled at the poor waiter.
But they were out of the nasal spray and only had the shots! George's mother apologized and told him they could come back later. George's mother was pleased when brave George took the shot anyway.
Jerry to the cat to the vet. A week later, the cat was better. Jerry decided to keep the cat.
At the end of the day, the owner thanked them. Then, she offered them each a free brownie. They excitedly ate the treats.
Sam noticed she kept being slightly flirtatious. It made him uncomfortable. He made up an excuse to leave early.
Molly thanked her and started eating. She hated the sandwich, it was very gross. She didn't want to be rude, though, so she ate it and thanked her.
She had her eyes on a barbie doll behind the counter. She gave the man her tickets but she didn't have quite enough. Luckily, she dug in her pockets and found just enough to get the doll.
In the end everyone got together and threw him a birthday party. James was so grateful for his friends and family. John enjoyed his time spent at his birthday party.
He decided to quit. He went to rehab. He got better in 3 months
However, he woke up to a surprise. It was already twelve in the afternoon. John nervously called his boss and explained what happened.
There, the doctors told him he had to change his life. He had to eat healthier and cut out junk food. Ed agreed, fearful for his health.
Lucy covered her nose so she didn't smell the stench. Her grandma washed the dye out of her hair. Grandma's gray hair was now brown, and the dye left no stench behind.
She got out her string, beads and jewelry clasps. Then she made her mom the nicest necklace she could. Her mom was so pleased with the Christmas necklace, she cried!
She would always plan amazing trips out west and out of the country. She decided to save up for one of those trips finally. Julia had trouble deciding which trip to go on first.
Each student performed their own piece or with others. I performed a duet with my friend. We received a perfect score.
We called his dad who was over an hour away. While we waited we made out in the backseat. His dad finally arrived with gas and we arrived home very late.
She took the items and then the boy left. Later, she opened the letter and it said the boy liked her. She found the boy the next day and he asked her out.
Alison decided to buy them a ride for their anniversary. Her parents were beyond excited when they found out. They said it was one of the best experiences they've ever shared.
Soon, she was closer to her destination. She was debating whether or not she had enough time for another movie. Before she could decide, they ended up arriving.
She started out the day positive and enthusiastic. Then, she made a huge mistake in the kitchen. Luckily her boss was very understanding.
She shook off their jeers and told them it was very healthy. She offered them a piece of her carrot. The friends all accepted her offer and enjoyed the carrot.
She set out for Denmark's capital city, Copenhagen. Dal arrived and immediately fell in love with the big city. She knew Copenhagen was going to be her future home!
He made a B on his last test. The tutor continued to help. He ended up with an A on his report card.
I joined the website group. I did not write a novel in a month. But I did finish a novel a year later.
We had suite tickets which were amazing. I had never been to Fenway before, so it was a great thrill. I will remember this trip for the rest of my life.
He took her out and showed her how to use a clutch. After a burned out clutch and transmission she learned it. Sharon is not allowed to drive her Dad's manual transmission car.
Both of them looked very similar at a distance. The decided that a fake tree was easier and cheaper. Next year they opted for a fake tree.
All her friends got together for it. The girls had dozens of ice creams to choose from. Jordan couldn't wait to have it again next year.
The guy immediately came over and helped me up. My heart pounded as our eyes met. He smiled at me and invited me out to dinner.
They tried for months and months and nothing happened. Finally Brittany got good news and surprised Tyler when he got home. Baby Conner will be here in 6 months, we can't wait.
Neil saw amazing sights along the way. He had not known Egypt's history was so rich! He was pleased with the river cruise.
He had the best selection, so he got lots of customers. He sold a pretty girl a cucumber. He asked her what she was gonna do with it, and she said not eat it.
Jerry went off to find wood while Tim waited at the tent. After a while, Tim went to look for Jerry. Tim found Jerry in a diner drinking coffee.
He wondered when the trail would end. He finally sat down and cried. Then he looked and saw he was right at the end of the trail.
She quickly patched up her bike with some tape. She was able to swap out a new tire when she went back to her car. Sally was able to complete her morning bike ride.
Barry never experienced anything unusual in the house. Barry stood under the house tree and a ghostly figure grabbed him. He screamed and this figure made a creepy noise and then left Barry.
Suddenly, they noticed a gigantic bug on the ceiling. The girls ran screaming out of the cabin. A counselor had to come and catch the bug.
One day, my husband saw her and she looked sad. Three weeks before Christmas, she told me that she had been fired. She lost her job before she could buy presents for her children.
Cecil got a business loan to open his own restaurant. The place was packed for the grand opening! Cecil considers his restaurant a success.
So far, all of his job hunting efforts hadn't paid off. This time, he spent hours researching the company and arrived early. Larry got a great job!
He didn't agree with a call and started yelling. He advanced on the referee and threw a punch. Now Todd is sitting in a jail cell for the night.
We went to a Paul McCartney concert together. We started dating shortly after. We have been together for 4 years.
However, he was able to sink the hole in the next attempt. After my next hit, my ball came close to the hole. I fell short since the next hit was too strong.
Soon, Nell was lost in the plot of the book. She didn't hear the engine start or notice the book mobile moving. When Nell finished her story, she found she was far from home.
Drake was scared to tell his friends. Drake decided to tell his friends. Drake's friends accepted him for who he and didn't run away.
William worked all year to save for plane tickets. For Christmas, he surprised his parents with a paid vacation. They will travel to Germany in June.
He was so surprised when the art win first prize! He started working for a graphic design company, doodling for pay. Now Rod makes a living doing what he loves!
When we arrived, it was a huge arena. We went inside, and it was a rodeo! I enjoyed watching the rodeo show so much!
During the conversation, Cassidy mentioned that it was her birthday. The waiter congratulated her and then left with their orders. When he came back, he surprised her with a free birthday pizza.
Ann woke hungry in the night and went to the freezer. She managed to eat an entire cream pie before returning to bed. The next day, Ann's mom found an empty pie dish in the freezer.
I accidentally dropped some cocoa on the floor. My dog ate it. He got poisoned and died.
On the way, he stopped and bought a single lottery ticket. The next night, Alex won the lottery. Now he never has to worry about finding money for his medicine again.
His plumber arrived at his house a few hours later. His plumber patched up a leaking pipe. Jerry paid his plumber $100 for his work.
Randy couldn't tolerate his comments and approached him. He asked Aaron to lift his shirt up. Instead of muscles, Aaron had a lot of fat around his stomach.
The audience freaked out and thought he killed her. However, Janet came out in one piece. The audience applauded.
As soon as he realized that she was under 18 years old, he got mad. As a result, he didn't allow her to go inside. Fiola left immediately.
You didn't even get in trouble. He and his friend Joe waited in a long line. But when they finally go on, the wait was worth it!
Jackson decided to go against his family's wishes and learn bass. He practices very hard until he is a bass guitar expert. Finally jackson is able to play bass guitar.
The day before the election he had the support of 99% of the town. The opposition resisted the mayor until the final ballot. The opposition failed to win the election from the mayor.
She ate about 20 of them one day. And got an upset stomach because of it. She ate less ho-ho's after that.
The night before the test she was super worried. She stayed up all night studying. Elly passed her exam but was exhausted.
Luckily some of the  people bought some. We then had to go around delivering the containers. It was a good way to raise money for the troop.
The whole time there Lynn made out with Jim. Finally they left. They entered Lynn's room to find her mother waiting for them.
When I arrived I swam in the ocean. Afterwards I tanned in the sand. I finally went home when it started to get dark outside.
He found a great Ford Focus. He was able to make a great deal. He drove away happy.
But he would rather have jerky inside it. This past year he begged for jerky instead of candy. His stocking had 5 pounds of beef jerky waiting for him this year.
She tried everything to help, but nothing worked. Then, her sister told her that her secret was peppermint tea. Amanda tried it and it helped her so well.
She berated herself for forgetting to pack snacks. Debbie ran into another couple on the trail. They shared food with her, and she wasn't hungry any more.
She got into her car and took it for a ride. She had never driven a car that was so smooth before. Sarah was so excited to have her new car.
Finally they bought a badminton set for their backyard. Her kids loved the new game! Now Portia and her family play badminton every weekend.
When he came back to his little village he was very different. He didn't keep his former jobs for long. After being in a war he just wanted to have a quiet, unexciting life.
Chris cooked for many and they loved his style. As he got old, he wished to share his talent. Chris passed his great talent into creating a book.
I agreed with him. He handed me a freshly-cut piece of fatty tuna. It tasted horrible!
Made up dragons, voyages to the great beyond. One day she didn't want to pretend. She ended up finding a real friend to play games with.
Lucy was afraid of mice and had seen one in the basement. Grandpa reminded her the mouse was small and couldn't hurt her. Lucy gathered her courage and went back into the basement.
Thomas was shocked by how much finesse is needed. They both practiced for several hours. By the end of the day, Thomas had a grasp on some techniques.
As she learned more moves, her balance got much better. Soon, her clumsiness was gone and she could balance on one foot. She was so happy, she decided to take up tap dancing too.
He called every venue. Every place he rang seemed to be booked but one. In the end, Leon decided a desert was a terrible place for a wedding.
Jason burnt one of his fingers on a match and accidentally dropped it. The boys ran outside as the old barn quickly caught fire. Jason and Jeff vowed never to play with matches again.
Eventually, she fell asleep and Daddy put her down. Before long, Daddy and Mommy were sharing a glass of wine. Happily, they sat holding hands and reminiscing.
In the middle of the night she heard a sound. She opened her tent to see it was a bear going through their food. Martha decided that she was never going camping again.
After five minutes of examining the appliance he noticed it was working. When he went to look for the owner he found her naked in the bath. The whole thing was a ruse to get him to notice her.
She snipped at the hem of every dress. When Reba went to leave, her friend's mom handed her a sack. She said Reba could have the dresses, which her girl had outgrown.
The first day in class he met Belinda. Dan mustered up his nerve and asked her on a date. They had a great time at dinner later that night.
Unfortunately, his sister was sick and he was held up. Finally she was able to get to sleep and he left for the show. When he got there, he was too late and they had sent in an understudy.
So she felt excluded. After school, everyone talked about how great the ice cream party was. And Amy felt sad.
Ronaldo decides to shine his shoes one day. He polishes them until they look great. Ronaldo is happy that he has nicely shined shoes at work.
While she was playing in the water, she noticed three along the beach. She didn't want to scare them so she stayed still, watching. She was very excited that she got to see horses in the wild.
He needed a real cell phone, but kept up with his pre-paid cell phone. One afternoon he was in a phone interview with Apple Computers. He ran out of minutes and never reached Apple's hiring manager again.
Someone stole her shoes from the locker room. Kayla was very upset. The next day, Kayla saw someone wearing her new shoes.
The tube went side to side. A few times, it went in the air. She held on tight but eventually fell off.
Outside, she saw a horrific crash scene. She watched as emergency services arrived and began to help. Finally, her teacher revealed that it was all fake for a lesson.
But the smaller top balls were less difficult. Soon Fred's snowman was complete and decorated. Fred was very proud of his cold creation!
She went to the DMV office and handed in her paperwork. She got in the car to take her road test. She passed on the first try and got her license.
Her uncle suggested they watch TV to pass the time. She was pleased to find he had cable TV. Gina and her siblings watched TV until it was time to leave.
She eventually found one that contained several girls. All of the girls stood up and left when Nancy sat down. They looked at her with a mean grin.
One day Ashley plays a prank on Susana's boyfriend. He gets so mad he tells Susana not to speak to Ashley. Susana and Ashley never speak again.
Tina was nervous that they'd mock her singing. But she decided to try it anyways. To her surprise, she had fun and everybody complimented her!
Lucy thought he was dreamy. She watched him through the shelf while pretending to look at boxes. Lucy knew he wouldn't like her back, he was a 16 and she was 11.
Her doctor noticed the baby was breech. She had to be rushed in for a c-section. Carrie was just happy her baby was safely born.
It ran away. Sam looked for hours before going home Sam's dog was at home waiting for him.
Surprised, Colby bumped backwards into the shelf. A Mrs Claus figure started shaking on the shelf. The Mrs Claus figurine fell on his head!
Aiming for an easier recipe, June tried making brownies. After the brownies burned, June attempted making cookies. After burning those too, June gave up and bought ice cream.
He usually likes to go to a local bar at night to forget his problems. The bartender there is always nice to Daniel. Although he still has no job, being at the bar makes him feel better.
They all piled their ingredients onto sticks and toasted them. Everyone else's s'mores turned out well. But Ash's s'mores were just a messy, burned lump of goo!
One day they witnessed a tragedy on the news. Many people died. Because of this Nick and Patrick found common ground politically.
Thankfully, she was only traveling five miles per hour. The pedestrian walked away with only a broken toe. Hellen, however, had her license revoked.
He looked in his backpack and saw that his soda has spilled. The sticky liquid had gotten everywhere. Alex had to empty out his whole bag and wash it.
One day, the dog developed cancer. Jon cried because he was going to lose his friend. Indeed, the dog died from cancer.
Eunice is amazed how delicious the candy tastes. Now Eunice eats candy every day. She doesn't care whether candy is unhealthy or not.
She signed up on a dating site. Men started to message Raquel. She is now actively going on dates every weekend.
He turned the water on and set it to hot just like he like it. When it was time to enter the shower, he put one foot under the water. Finally, he jumped under the spray of water to complete his shower.
As he was about to leave, he went to grab his paper and breakfast. They weren't there. He found his paper and the granola wrapper chewed up by his dog's bed.
When they got there, Heather was in the lead. Kristen came up behind her and started beating her. In in the end Heather won.
Michelle decided to try the limbo game. Her friends encouraged her to limbo lower. She made it under the bar and won a candy prize.
Henry started eating, but he saw that everyone was saying grace. He felt awkward that he was the only one eating. He put his pizza back on his plate and bowed his head.
Then he went home to practice what he had learned. But Kyo had no dreams at all! He was very disappointed.
However, when he sees other motorcyclists in chaps, he feels jealous. Finally he saves up enough money for a good pair of leather chaps. On his first ride wearing chaps, Miles feels great.
The ocean waves were big that day, and the boat rocked a lot. Amanda quickly became sick and wanted to go back. Andrea apologized to Amanda since she felt bad for her.
He developed a close relationship with the ants. But one morning, he noticed that they were crawling all over the house His mom became angry and quickly cleaned them up.
The police arrested her, even though her attempts had failed. Her mobile phone had all the incriminating evidence they needed. Digby remains hospitalized.
Finally he sees his keys on the coffee table. Oliver remembers putting them there after checking the mail. Now he is ready to leave the house.
One day, our coach made us all work until we all became dehydrated. He gave us warm water to sip and told us to suck it up. Many of us quit after that.
We looked very closely at what our needs are. We decided that we only needed one car to live our lives. We sold our oldest car and invested the money.
The pictures made the party look epic. As Lucy stared at the images she began to get a headache. Lucy decided to stay off Facebook till she was home again.
She made a decision that she had to find a job with no travel. She spoke with her boss who offered her a raise in pay. Sarah decided that no amount of money was worth her mental health.
Finally he asks her to play pool with him at the local pool hall. Marco and Laura have a fun afternoon playing pool together. Marco is so happy he asked Laura out.
Bob invested in beekeeping equipment. He caught a swarm and relocated them. Bob has been raising bees for several months now.
They said it sounded like fun! They all met at the hill in town. They spent the whole day sledding and laughing!
She filled the pot with water and put in coffee grounds. Then she turned it on. Soon there was coffee.
The doctor recommended a vitamin supplement. Bob went to the vitamin store and bought B12 supplements. The next time Bob went to the doctor, his B12 levels were perfect!
When the belly dancer came on stage, the party was mesmerized. The dancer went through her routine. The party went home, fulfilled and content with the performance.
When the buzzer dinged, she opened the washer and saw pink! A red sock had been hidden in the load and dyed the clothes. Now all of Lisa's clothes are ruined.
Sara was in charge of everything. Finally she got the whole family to pitch in. Now mornings are smooth for Sara and her family.
He got so nervous that he had a panic attack. His friends told him he was smart. That gave him confidence and he passed the test.
Her parents told her to be realistic. But then Aya went to cosmonaut school! Now, she lives her dream every day.
Her teeth were yellow from the coffee. She stained her teeth with a product she bought. Her teeth are now white.
He tried his best to stop it from happening but it just kept coming. It flooded into the streets but no one cared because it was ice cream. Every year since, the town has an ice cream festival.
He felt sure she would refuse, and maybe even laugh at him! But he gathered up his courage and he asked her anyway. Aya accepted gladly, and then she did laugh - with joy!
But the next morning, Tina woke with a terrible hangover. She thought that was a far worse punishment than the grounding. Tina vowed never to drink alcohol again!
She decided she would make the most of her good mood. She fully expected the depression to return. By the end of the day she began to think she was getting better.
The girls thought it would be great. When they got it done they loved it. They even wanted to get a new one.
She cracked the shell and ate the nut. Her face became contorted and she spit it out. Kim told Beth it was the yuckiest nut she ever ate.
One night he saw the silhouette of his son standing on his deck. He took a picture with his digital camera. That was the image he decided to use for his logo.
A tornado formed before our eyes, and came our way. We raced fast to get away, as we were terrified. Soon enough, the tornado disappeared and we were finally safe.
She wasn't able to get it fixed before going to work. The entire drive there was cold. When she got out it had rained and the car was soaked.
He decided to go to the casino to play for higher stakes. In the excitement, he started beating his full paycheck. He ended up broke and miserable.
She also knew it could hurt people's feelings. One day she got called into the principal's office. June received detention for spreading gossip at school.
He narrowed it down between those two. Both of these offered the best career prospects. He was still a freshman but knew his future would be prosperous.
Jen tells the teacher this, but the teacher doesnt help. Eventually Jen and Sandy get in a fight about boys. The teacher now feels bad she didn't listen, and didn't punish them.
After about an hour of no business, my boss seemed worried. He walked over to me and told me to take the night off. The restaurant closed early, and then I went home happy and sad.
They tried to explain they had permission to be there. But she insisted they return to their class. The girls realized it was pointless to try and argue with the teacher.
He decided to get into cycling. He bought a good bicycle. He had fun riding the various trails around town.
I asked him if he could tutor me and help understand things. We studied together once a week for two months. When I took my math final, I got a superb grade and was very proud.
Now she had checked out and needed to get the water to her car. She never used the plastic bags at the store. But today she had no other choice.
Thomas's mother decided to buy him a Nintendo 64 instead. He was upset until he started to play it. Now, Thomas loves his new Nintendo 64.
When she arrived she met a friend who lived next door. Janice soon forgot about the long trip from her old town. She was glad in retrospect that her family moved.
So he goes looking for his real parents. He finds out that they died five years ago. It takes Tom a long time to get over the betrayal.
They told her it could not be fixed. Cassie was very happy. She used it as an excuse to buy a new car.
She explained that she had a petition for the city council. Marissa read through the information. Then, she decided to add her name.
Christmas break started today and Julie was driving home. She smiled as she drove, thinking of seeing her family. When she walked in the door, they all hugged her tightly.
After cleaning up, he made sure his nose wasn't bleeding anymore. He looked outside, and saw a line of people waiting for him. Earl quickly ran back and got back to work.
He also asked how the job can benefit with someone like her. In the most straightforward tone, Diana replied with confidence. At the end of the day, the boss gave her the job.
They gave medication to sedate me while they did their job. When I woke up from the medication I was at home in bed. I didn't a thing that happened once I took the medicine.
I tried to calm her down throughout the ride, but she wasn't relaxed. In addition, she screamed when the roller-coaster went down the peak. Before getting out, she took a few minutes to breathe.
I recruited people to join the site on facebook. I began building up a huge following. I decided to sell the website.
However, one of the boys came up to Kenny. Kenny got bit on the arm by him. They fought with each other using their fists.
She looked outside and saw the storm clouds were rolling in. Upset she couldn't go outside she went to her bookshelf instead. Lucy lay on her bed and read books the whole day.
He bought sixty dollar jeans. He then saw a homeless man with no shirt. He decided to donate the clothes to the homeless man.
I found the soda I wanted. Then, I paid for it at the counter. It was tasty.
Fred is immediately lovestruck. He tries to ask her out. She rejects him
She read some books on how to be a good writer. Some common advice she got was to put the books down and write. She started to write about anything and soon she was writing a lot.
She gathered up all her items and put price tags on them. That Friday, she made signs at put them around the neighborhood. The sale was a success and she made a lot of cash.
i wanted a car. i worked hard for two Year's. i saved enough to buy my own car.
Lynn wanted to impress him. She tried really hard to use the chopsticks but it was difficult! She made a mess but her effort impressed him nonetheless.
I combines the mix, an egg, some milk, and a bit of oil. I mixed all those up really well, but not too much. And this morning I made three really fantastic pancakes.
Stan was defiant and continued to do it. He lost control of the baseball and broke a window. Stan wished that he had listened to his mother.
I realized I wouldn't have to pay taxes if I didn't declare the money. In actuality, the IRS found out and fined me for tax evasion. I realized I should always pay my taxes.
One day, Jerry was injured when he was hit by a car. Erica had a fence installed while he was in the veterinary hospital. Jerry loved playing in his new, safe yard.
She went to the store and bought supplies. Amanda started making pies immediately when she got home. She entered her pie into the contest and won!
One day her master was lying in a hammock. April decided to jump onto her master while in the hammock. It flipped over and both the dog and her master fell.
She hit a puddle and lost control of the car. It ran off the road and hit a tree. She made it out with injuries but is supposed to recover.
Then, she put hot soapy water in the bottles. She used a brush to scrub the sides. Then, she rinsed it all.
Stan reached into his pocket and then slammed a $20 bill down. The worker apologized then for the 15 minute wait. Stan repeated this process and the worker took them to a lane.
I practice until I've mastered the song. Then I invite family and friends to my recital. And I play my song for them.
Bud decided to go visit Ted while he was recovering. At first the boys were quiet, but then they chatted. When Ted came back, they were the best of friends!
After working a lot of overtime, he saved up enough money. Dave was able to spend the entire week in San Diego. He loved being able to attend the convention and plans to do it again.
Melody served the meal to her new husband. He husband smiled and said it was the best meal he ever had. Melody tasted it and knew he was lying but smiled anyway.
He swerved to avoid the deer. He hit a guardrail instead. Tom's car was badly damaged.
Later, Daniel woke up to birds chirping. He realized it was already morning the next day. Daniel was upset that he already had to go back to work.
She heard the sirens before the cop car pulled up. They'd found her ex-boyfriend with a pair of binoculars in a tree. He said he'd only been watching birds.
But Kevin noticed that it was running out of air. Everyone panicked and tried to run outside. But Kevin was the last one out.
Then, I put an object out of her reach. She got up and tried to get it. She was successful in crawling and getting it.
They were calling for a huge amount of rain The storm arrived to the small town The storm left heavy damages
One day her mother had an idea. She forbad Miranda from playing the piano ever again. From that day forward, Miranda practiced every day!
Maria's sister Rosa owns the building. Rosa's husband thinks Maria is too noisy and wants her out. Nobody is talking to each other.
The pace proved too much and I lost control. I veered off the sidewalk and onto a grassy hill and fell. The fall sent me into a canal and since then I haven't rollerbladed.
She asked for another dish that spicier. And Joyce eagerly awaited it. Unfortunately, she couldn't finish it without gulping tons of water.
There was too much stuff in the van for the ladder to fit right. The hangman climbed in and began to reorganize. He was able to finally carve out enough space to fit the ladder in.
After the game everyone decide to go out for Dinner. I forgot all about the food I had made. When we got home it was cold and we couldn't eat it.
The day of the test, Patsy could think of nothing else. She made it through without hitting a cone. She was so relieved she drove right through a stop sign.
Jon was unsure and felt it wasn't a good idea. However, his friends made him go. Jon ended up loving the rave.
He arrived late at his house one day and sat down at his couch He felt something moving on his shoulder, it was a tarantula He jumped and then fainted from the shock
Suddenly, a drink spilled and stained her dress pink. Luckily, her mom appeared. She had a handy cleaning spray that made the stain disappear.
He walks to the local pool hall and plays a few games. Jackson makes new friends while playing pool. He decides he will try to spend less time in his apartment alone.
There was Aurora, Jasmine, Rapunzel and Ariel. She was most excited to meet with Cinderella. She had a great breakfast and great time and we would do it again.
Ben decided to join a club to meet people. Ben joined the chess club. He soon made a group of nice friends.
Finally, he decided to fry some hot sausages. When they were finished, he ate them. He was happy to have had a delicious dinner.
She took all the cushions off the couch and found nothing. She pushed her hand deep into the crevices of the couch. After searching, she still had no phone.
They were arguing over what type of movie to get. Finally, Eddie suggested that they just get both movies. Lance agreed and they finished up at the store.
But when she came back, she noticed that her computer restarted. She realized that an update forced her computer to restart. And the essay that she had been working on for hours did not save.
Morgan entered just for fun. Her answer was actually the closest, and she won! She was given a ton of cool candy bars and treats.
He shuddered with anticipation at the confirmation of the conspiracy. Reading the note, he discarded it with a dismissive toss. From then on, he violated the pigeonhole principle by sheer will.
The saw struggled to make it through the massive trunk. The man pushed hard and the tree fell. He was almost amazed by the roundness of the resulting stump.
She drew pictures of diseased lungs. She even bought her mom a pack of nicotine gum. Unfortunately, her mom kept smoking.
Other kids on the bus started noticing it as well. Soon everyone was trying to figure out the source of the smell. Then they discovered some old food left under a seat.
Ali tried to get on her bike and leave. Val pushed her and began yelling at her. Ali sat on the ground stunned and unsure what to do.
He had just had a really scary dream. For almost an hour, he was too unsettled to get to sleep. Luckily, he was able to drift back to sleep eventually.
She kept posting romantic Facebook posts about a Boston Boy. I found out she was having an affair with one of my coworkers. Last week the coworker's wife found out and hit the roof.
While he was lost he encountered a rare penguin. Michael only wished he had his camera. He used his GPS to find his way back to base.
We were amused, but did nothing. Another neighbor complained to the police. The neighbor had to get rid of the chickens.
Seamus was rejected. Seamus applied for a job at an actual salon. He got the job.
She fell into the water. All of her friends helped to pull her out. Annie was soaking wet and had to go home to change.
Carrie covered her paper so Eugena couldn't see it. That made Eugena furious! Carrie went home with a black eye but Eugena failed the test.
We spent two hours looking at the artwork. Then we ate at the cafe. I had not gone to the Gardner in Years and was glad to visit.
She turned on some sexy music. Georgina slid her hand down her panties. Then she fell asleep because she was too exhausted from work.
To their surprise they saw a bear. The girls screamed. However the bear was simply their friend in a costume.
After she stopped, the teacher called her. He asked if she noticed her leg. When she looked down, it was bleeding.
The parents left and she fed the children dinner. They played the rest of the night until bedtime. When the parents got home, they paid her.
Tom got to play video games for three days. He went back to school and was swarmed with make-up work. Tom realized his decision wasn't really worth it after all.
Backing into the water, I notice my brakes were soft. The car wouldn't stop and ran down into the pond. A quick-thinking fisherman caught it with his tow strap.
They always said no because her brother was allergic to animals. She never stopped asking and she never got a dog. When she was 19 she moved out on her own and bought a dog.
She said yes, and was out partying all night. She overslept her alarm the next day, and missed the exam. Molly says she will never party again in college.
Then he selected the bike he liked best. He took it up to the counter and paid for it. Then he rode it home!
At first she was uncomfortable, sitting amongst the crowd on her own. As the movie went on, she soon forgot everything that bothered her. Nancy was happy to learn, going alone wasn't so bad after all!
Jane thought the tree looked as good as the real thing. But every day, the tree seemed more fake to Jane. Jane took the tree apart and put it in a box in the closet.
The teacher smiled and showed Ann where to sit. The girl in front of Ann turned around and smiled. Ann was surprised to feel at home in her new classroom.
He doesn't like sports. I found out he loves steak. She got him a package of Omaha steaks.
Until one day the actors did not want to act anymore. He decided to give them all raises. Then everyone was happy.
Bill worked hard to take care of the fish. He fed and cared for it daily. Eventually, Bill's father rewarded his hard work with a cute puppy.
He bought unsweetened almond milk at his grocery store. But he thought it tasted like water. He bought the vanilla unsweetened version next time and loved it.
As they were walking, her dog got excited and ran away. It took Tammy two hours to finally find her dog. Now whenever she walks her dog, she makes sure to use a leash.
But she was still sad when beloved characters dies. She sat in the room, embarrassed to be crying at a movie. Until she saw the other girls were crying as well.
She realized that something was stuck on her break. She went to the attendants and asked for help. Soon she had a working pair of skates.
In the final seconds I was looking at the floor depressed. I was shocked and happy when my wife said the Patriots intercepted. It was a great moment in Boston sports.
I felt scared as the ride started. I raised out of my seat on the first hill. I was glad when the ride stopped.
It took him a while. Eventually he got one. He felt a sense of achievement and gained confidence.
She jerked her head violently by accident. The lady doing her nails got hit in the head. Tammy apologized and tipped extra.
He picked out a couple different colors and started filling them. Ivan tied the balloons to himself and said farewell to the earth. Even though he only made it 3' off the ground, he felt free.
Ana saw a small Rat Terrier that she asked to hold. Ana's heart melted as the puppy snuggled her. We bought the puppy home with us.
Sam used his hands to dig around the obstruction. He unearthed a wooden chest. He opened the chest and found some old photos and a note.
There would be so much candy that I could never eat all of it. Now that I am an adult she no longer passes out candy bags. Every year I go out and buy a bunch of candy for myself.
He decides to earn money himself and gets a job at a store. He works for two weeks and finally gets his paycheck. The money on his check was enough for Steven to buy two video games!
Tommy practices everyday after school. Tommy becomes very good at basketball. Tommy and his dad now play basketball all the time.
The front desk clerk assigned me a locker. I put my coat and keys in the gym locker. I walked into the weightlifting room.
Eventually her daughter felt better in the morning. Barbara called in the school to tell them her daughter was sick. Barbara took the day off from work to take care of her daughter.
I got up and called the electric company. I forgot to pay the bill, so i hurriedly paid them. After paying them, my power turned back on.
Sharon was determined to graduate with a perfect grade point average. She studied so hard in Calculus that her other grades began to suffer. Sharon managed to pass her math class, but ended up failing English!
She asked Abelina to take a trip to New York City. Abelina thought it was a great idea. They had an amazing time in the city.
He got a new shirt. He got a new hat. His favorite gift was the radio that made him jump for joy!
They had all been drinking. Jane's friends convinced her to try to swim in the deep area. Jane politely declined and used being drunk as an excuse.
However, my mom called Tina to go see her. She gave Tina an envelope. When the envelope was opened, several hundred dollars appeared.
Stan told them to stop it. The kids turned and started teasing Stan. Stan looked at the monkey and felt sad for both of them.
Inside the toy store Mike realized his mom was no longer with him. Mike went back out and found a police officer. The officer called for Mike's mom, and they were reunited.
However, she told him that she needed time to cope with her breakup. The next day, he ran into friend again. She was in the arms of her ex-boyfriend.
I demanded a refund but the farmer refused. I decided to punch him. Thus, the police arrested me.
She had dinner ready and wanted to eat. He went upstairs and washed off. She was glad he cleaned up because his grandparents were in town.
We went over the numbers. The client was happy. He signed the contract and I made the sale.
She grabbed me by the arm and took me into the basement. She stood me by the furnace and faced me toward the wall rack. And there it was, my shirt in all its glory.
Tami sounded like she was in a good mood when she answered. But when she heard Gina's voice, her mood changed. Gina began to realize Tami was no longer her friend.
The shoppers let loose a collective scream and ran. The Vikings, merely actors in a play, gracefully beckoned a cashier. She was happy to show them to the aisle with fruit punch and soda.
The man saw the his friend the judge the next day. The judge passed a harsh sentence on the man. The man learned his lesson.
The next year, he tried out again and was the last player to make it. In his final season, Pau developed into the star player. He is now playing collegiate basketball all because he never gave up.
He could hear pellets of rain slamming into his roof. Hurriedly, Steve rushed to the TV and turned on the weather channel. He breathed a sigh of relief as he saw the hurricane would end soon.
They know everything about each other. Last spring they were in each other's wedding. Their children are now best friends.
Lonely for a friend she named the watermelon Mel. She put stickers on the melon for eyes and a nose. That night the rain washed her friends face away.
If the clothes looked bad, he laughed. One day someone made fun of Tim's clothes. Tim was never judgmental again.
I plugged in the clippers, but they wouldn't seem to work. I tried a different outlet, but to no avail. Unfortunately, I had to finish the entire haircut using scissors.
Finally he decides to buy a Porsche. He drives his Porsche all around town but still doesn't meet girls. Francisco feels bitter that his car didn't help him get a girlfriend.
I was alone and had no job, no education and no future. The only thing I had was the gun I stole from a friend's safe. Unfortunately I couldn't afford bullets.
Then he came home and apologized. John had decided never to fight with his dad again. His dad happily accepted John's apology.
We set out for a mountain that was close to our city. Once we got there, the weather was perfect. A great time was had by all!
While the other kids had lunch she kept playing. After 5 hours she became dizzy from dehydration. Thank goodness the teacher saw her and made her drink Gatorade.
June put up her trusty vacuum and let the robot go to work. But she soon realized she missed the daily chore. When her husband was at work, June short-circuited the robot.
She looked on auction sites, but they were too expensive. Finally, she put an ad in her local newspaper. A kind reader wrote back to offer her two free tickets to the concert!
She ordered herself a pizza and some ice cream. As she ate the food, her eyes closed in pleasure. Ada realized it was wonderful to eat poorly one in a while!
She had secured funding through her mother. She could not open the studio due to her son's health issues. Five Years later she finally opened up her own studio.
Even though Bill tried to plead his case, he still got in trouble. Bill even attempted to talk to the coworker about their lies. Bill was angry, yet more hurt that his coworker would lie on him.
Willard's irate no judge will demand they all stop. He vows he's going to take matters into his own hands. Those cell towers must come down!
My grandma had me come over and she taught me her recipe. Everyone loved the mac n cheese. My grandma's recipe is now the only mac n cheese that I make.
He then saw and old man who needed a seat. Joe knew what to do. He let the old man sit in the seat.
Daryl does not believe her. They get a DNA test done when the baby is born. Daryl is the father of Jane's baby.
She freaked out when it got stuck. Her mom told her to use peanut butter to get it out. She tried that and it worked.
At first, she kept launching the ball out of the court. She quickly realized it was a game of finesse and power. Slowly but surely, Mary got the hang of the game.
After rushing to get ready, Amanda discovered a flat tire on her car. Amanda tried calling a taxi, but her cellphone was not charged. Amanda decided to call out of work, as her day started out bad.
She wore them out several times and nobody mentioned them. After a while she would try to subtly bring them up in conversation. Nobody ever cared enough to engage her about it.
They got ready to cradle. Jo missed the count. She broke her ankle.
After reading for a few minutes, the baby fell asleep. She closed the book and put the baby in his crib. He was sleeping calmly.
One day she noticed her fish floating at the top of its bowl. Saddened, she did research and realized she fed it the wrong food. Mindy never bought a pet on impulse again.
Melinda found a dog she wanted at a shelter. Melinda met the dog and fell in love with him. She took the dog home that very day.
He got frustrated and told them he wouldn't anymore. The people requesting them got equally upset. Sam didn't budge and played other music instead.
That man threatened the cashier. Mary called the police. That man went to jail.
He took them to his mom who was very surprised. She called a local college and the professor sounded very interested. The professor offered them a lot of money to dig in their yard.
Every time I go over he is excited to show me. This last week he learned a new week. I enjoyed watching him show it to me.
They sang and danced to the loud music all night and had a great time. When they left the arena, they could hardly hear! Their ears were ringing for days before they went back to normal.
Amanda did not see Loki leave and shut the door. Amanda looked around for Loki. She opened the door and Loki ran back inside.
Jimmy announced that he's homosexual. Despite the fact that the family was surprised, they were not mad. His parents told him that they respect his decisions anyways.
Each spy threw down an envelope in front of the other. They lowered their guns and picked up the goods. The spies nodded at each other and departed.
I ended up lost since the place was huge. I ran across each aisle for several minutes. Before she left, I found her.
Once he reached New England he did not stop. The man drove all the way to canada. Once he crossed the border he got out and smelled the air.
She bought another car quickly so she could drive her dad. I praised her for taking care of her father so well. She said it was her honor.
My daughter jumped up and grabbed the blue one out of her hand. She took off running down the hall while waving the sock in the air. Nana chased her down, caught her, and tickled her until she laughed.
John was so sad he could barely get out of bed. After four days, his cat came back! John hugged his cat and gave him special food as a treat.
Since I didn't know who he was, I asked him for his name. He told me that he was in one of my high school classes. He was a janitor at the school.
The instructor forced Nancy to accelerate. Since she was nervous, she accelerated too fast. They ended up crashing into another car.
Wendy got so mad, she tried to leave the car. Her mom scolded her loudly. Wendy got back in the car and apologized.
As she entered she saw the band arriving late as well. They greeted Amy warmly and posed for a photo. Amy had a great time at the concert.
Her boyfriend made her go see Deadpool with him. Erin laughed louder and harder than anyone in the theater. She decided she would give more superhero movies a try.
He leaped forward and the leash snapped. He ran a few blocks away and I lost him. A couple of days later, he showed back up at my front door.
The bigger kids chased them away from the court. They wanted to play a game themselves. The little kids were too outmatched to do anything about it.
So she had her friend watch her husband when he was out. The friend took pictures and video of him meeting different women. Tammy took the evidence to her lawyer to begin a divorce.
They decided the zoo would be fun They arrived at the Zoo together Haley was glad she had visited the Zoo
He took her on many adventures. Jane loved him very much. They got married and Jane was never bored again.
It began snowing outside and they were happy. They all put on their jackets and went outside. The Johnson family had a snowball fight.
They kept buying beer and Tim drank a little too much. He became drunk and his golf game was awful. Tim lost a lot of money that day.
But he was able to open the gate. She looked for rope to tie him up. But Gina couldn't find anything but a jump rope.
The market was full of energy. He tried lots of good food. He was glad he went for a walk.
She met with the owners, they brought out lots of animals. They explained to her that a parrot is a lifetime commitment. Lindsay left without a pet, deciding that she should think on it.
She couldn't focus without sleep, so she visited the doctor. Her doctor prescribed her with insomnia medication. The medication worked, and Nancy was happy to sleep well again.
At the bar, he met a girl who he was attracted to. They talked for an hour and had a lot in common. Dan asked her on a date and afterwards they started dating.
One time they were at a chess match with other families. And they lost horribly in front of many people. They don't play games anymore.
We planned to go to the back of the field where it was foggy. All of our friends were there and circled around us. Then we had a small peck.
Kevin and his wife liked different ones. They asked a mutual respected acquaintance for help. The acquaintance helped choose between one of the two names.
Bob and Emmie see some geese. Emmie chases the geese. Emmie falls and gets a bloody nose.
Every night, she carried her for hours, singing and playing. One day, her daughter smiled for the first time - at her teacher. Lara cried all the way to work.
They each pretend not to be afraid. When it was time to sleep Amy was scared to go into her room. She fell asleep hiding under her bed with a flashlight.
She passed the phone to a guy who started arguing. Charles told this guy where to meet for a fight. That guy punched Charles in the mouth so hard he needed stitches.
When he finally saves up enough he goes to the car dealership He buys a new car. He drives his buddies around in his new wheels.
The two gates were on opposite ends of the airport. We sprinted across the airport. It turned out our connecting flight was delayed!
John's father taught John how to wire together the parts. It took all weekend, but they finished the robot! John and his father happily watched the robot move around.
However, Billy loved how it felt to jump. One day he jumped from a tree and broke his arm. From that day on, Billy decided to stop jumping from trees.
However, her mom discovered that many girls her age were in the class. She decided to let Faith take lessons with her sister. Tomorrow is Faith's first dance class and she feels all grown up!
When it arrived, she followed the directions on the kit. The sea monkeys hatched and swam around their bowl. As Junie bent to see them, she knocked the bowl over.
Ana made sure to wear long sleeves and pants. She also wore a mesh face net so no mosquitoes could touch her. Ana stayed safe and did not get bitten on her vacation!
Her calf cramped up and would not loosen up. The trainer had to give her mustard to help. Bess was not able to perform.
When he was young it did not affect his health to much. His doctor warned him that all that drinking would catch up to him. Now my dad has liver disease caused by heavy drinking.
Her sister Jess decided to help. They spent four weeks painting. Now her house looks like it should be in a magazine!
But so had her friend Mary. Gina wanted to make sure her speech would be as good as Mary's. She realized she had better do her research.
Tim was terrified he would mess up. Thankfully though, Tim didn't miss a beat. He ended up doing great.
They couldn't afford much so Amy decided to make them herself. It took her months to learn how and then complete them. On Christmas, the stockings were perfect.
The shoes were buy one get one free all day. She wouldn't normally spend so much at a time. But, she decided to buy four pairs just for the value.
He practiced martial arts for years. Eventually he moved back near Dan Bill confronted Dan and resolved their past issues.
We ended up talking each other back into it instead. On our bikes, we enjoyed the feeling the wind on our faces. Suddenly, my tire popped and we had to go back home.
Thus, I ate some raw vegetable salad. It gave me a terrible upset stomach. I realized that in Sri Lanka I should only eat cooked food.
Benny for lost and scared. He sniffed around and looked for his family. Eventually his family found him in the woods.
Just as he was about to give up, so did the rain. John quickly loaded up the car and started to drive. He drove to his favorite picnic spot with his family.
She looked over the list of movies that were playing. She decided on an action movie. Anna watched the movie, and she loved it!
Sara went on the date and had a great time. She and the guy went on more dates and began a relationship. After 6 months Sara found herself accepting a marriage proposal.
John returned his defective headphones. With the money he got, John bought a better pair of headphones. John enjoyed his new, functional headphones.
Michael rushed his family inside as they began to go wild. Suddenly, a small farmer began chasing the animals, apologizing. The animals took off and Michael brought his family back outside.
Aliens walked out of the spaceship. The aliens invited the little girl to ride with them. The little girl went into space with the aliens.
I decided to help him out. I joined the fight. I got detention for participating in the fight.
The traffic was clear and I was able to reach move smoothly. I arrived at my friends house to show him my motorcycle. He gave me a pat on the back.
He grabbed the candles out of a drawer. There were no matches with them, though. He went to look for some, but it was awfully difficult in the dark.
The new girl, Ann, didn't let Julie bully her. Ann was worse than Julie. Julie wasn't a mean girl anymore.
Missy was searching for her dog, but couldn't find him. Later on that day someone was knocking on the door. It was the neighbor who found the dog down the street.
After a few days the bananas were turning black. I didn't want to throw them away and waste money. I saved the over ripe bananas and made fresh banana bread.
The instructor announced that this is a reading session. Timmy became mad when he founded out that this class lasts all year. He slammed the door on the way out.
She had just gotten out of the pool. A butterfly landed on her leg by a drop of water. It was drinking from the droplet on her leg!
But all Jenny could think of was riding that pink bike outside. Jenny promised her parents she would be safe at all times. Her parents decided to get her the bike.
Many people are complaining. They do not want dogs who chew shoes. Donna had to change what she gives her puppies.
Then he circulated and made conversation. He was hoping everybody enjoyed themselves. He was very happy when everybody told him they'd had a great time!
I hated blueberries, too. Nevertheless, I gave it a try. Actually, blueberries with oatmeal was delicious!
Night after night the phone didn't ring. Amy sat in class sad to have lost his friendship. After class she started to speak, but he walked away quickly.
Jackson went to the doctor's office. He saw the doctor who examined him. The doctor gave Jackson some medicine to make him feel better.
After a month she decided to weigh herself. She held her breath nervously and looked down at the scale. In joy, she saw she had lost nineteen pounds!
All hope of ever finding the little boy was gone. His body was found a year later. The whole town was stricken with grief.
But there was nothing he could do about it. During break time, Juan yelled at his boss. He was immediately fired.
He said if he doesn't fix it the car would shut down. He told Tim it would cost six hundred dollars to fix. Tim was upset but paid it anyway.
I got unlimited access to work on their site. Then I got blocked for poor quality work. I am disappointed as my work had been rewarded.
It looked like it was made in the 1940s. The doll played drums when wound up. It sold for $52, making my sister in law happy.
She found out she wasn't that good at it. And it made her sad to tell her mom the news. She ended up learning knitting and was much better at it.
Friends of ours had an outside wedding scheduled. But the weekend of the wedding it poured the whole time. They ended up having to get wood to cover the muddy lawn.
Quincy asked if Rex could get him a job on the farm. Rex said that he could if Quincy was willing to work hard. The next month, Quincy began his new life as a farmer.
Matt and his family sat down and ate the turkey dinner. They ate until they were all very full. Matt was so full that he could barely move, but he was still happy.
Suddenly, she thought she heard him say a real word. She listened closely and heard him say "dog". She was so excited, that was his first word.
Rita's Pita becomes very successful. Rita enjoys her business and her pita bread. She is a world renown baker.
He was so tired that he didn't know how he was going to stay up. He bought and drank an energy drink on the way home from work. He was then able to stay awake through the entire play.
A few people snickered. He turned to them and pointed out the pink frames on their glasses. The people realized they wouldn't be cool forever.
We stopped when he got another job and I retired. We started playing on the net for convenience. We played five games, each winning two and drawing one game.
Pat was an honest kid and declined their offers. Pat was taught to not give into peer pressure. He was able to have a good time that night without alcohol.
Yet Rita kept prying. Gina was upset about something their friend Mary had done. Finally, Gina gave in and told Rita about what Mary had done.
All of a sudden Jake's character froze. His controller's batteries had died. Tim still considered it a victory.
The doctor looked in my throat and ears, eyes and nose. "You have strep throat, my dear', my doctor said. I had to take antibiotics but felt better after a few days.
This time it would cost way too much to fix it. There was only one thing to do. Sally now drives a brand new car!
She started to grope along the walls to find her way. Halfway through, she started to see the light at the other end. Jane finally stepped out of the tunnel into the light with relief.
He noticed he tends to enjoy comedy movies more than any other genre. He thought of this as a profound life epiphany. He now thinks laughter is the best medicine.
It was snowing outside and there was a blizzard. Still, Nik braved the weather and went to the grocery store. He bought his mustard and had hot dogs for dinner.
They sat around Kevin's home and drank beer and cooked. Mandy hadn't heard from Kevin so she popped up at his house. The three of them agreed to have a threesome.
Then, he manually cleaned every crevice of the filthy case. Next, Bob dried the case with a hairdryer. The case was now clean and ready to be used!
One day, a man came and asked Christy a question. Christy got mad and threw a hammer at the man. People don't ask Christy questions anymore.
He called his friend and asked. His friend told him it's a new place in south downtown. He went with his friend downtown and had dinner.
After she told Beth about Ray Beth was silent. It turned out Beth also had a crush on Ray. The girls sat stunned in silence.
Next, the youngest also got the flu. Pam quickly got her flu shot by the time the flu reached her husband. Pam received the flu shot too late as she also got the flu.
That night she wanted to try it out. Her dad set it up. Through the telescope she could see Venus.
He bundled up and went out to collect more wood. After finding firewood, he returned home and lit it in the fireplace. Finally, his house was warm!
His teacher gave him his project guidelines. He followed them and came up with a project. John placed third in the science fair.
It was the last game of the season. In the third quarter, he caught the ball. And ran it all the way to the end goal, scoring at last.
He decided to use crowdfunding to try and fund his project. He set up a page and asked for donations. He got enough money to start his website.
They planned to go to Disney World before they left. Ruth and Henry received some urgent news from home. They booked the first flight back and never went to Disney World.
Lucy gave the bag to the store manager. The store manager and Lucy looked inside the bag together. The brown bag was full of rocks.
They gathered and ordered pizza and gathered around the table. They set up an played Monopoly and ate the pizza. They ended up having a fun night together.
After first semester, I was in love with the school. I received an award for Outstanding student, and excelled quickly. My opinion now is that junior college is excellent.
At that moment, Sandy hit the trunk of a tree. Sandy was startled, but ok. Sandy realized that she could have died trying to send text messages.
He did research on a computer company called Microsoft. He invested all his money into the company. Bob was a millionaire in less than 5 years after making his investment
His last year of school he was approached by a military recruiter. Ben met all the qualifications and was enlisted into the army. He served his first tour in Saudi Arabia and loved it.
Darius decided to ignore the warning. Sure enough, a shark attacked Darius. Darius lived but had to have his leg amputated.
He took out the pack of eggs. After cracking them and making a mixture, he placed it on the stove. His hand ended up getting burned since the stove was hot.
They decided to go to the casino. At the casino, Dave won a million dollars! Dave invested his money into a high interest savings account.
He stayed in a hotel with an amusement park inside. He played the slots while he was there. He won five thousand dollars and came home the next day.
Quickly, she felt a slight jolt. The cab crashed into the car in front of them. Thankfully she was okay though.
As Dj bent down towards the tub his robe string fell in the toilet. Dj made a disgusted expression and jerked it out. He was thankful he'd recently cleaned his toilet!
Then I missed the bus to school. My mom had to drive me in her car. I made it to school a little late.
Late that night I snuck into Sally's house. I spotted the bag hidden in her closet. As soon as I grabbed them I beat a hasty retreat!
She could redeem the card for a frosty at Wendy's. Abbey asked her parents to take her there right after her appointment. The cold ice cream felt good on her gums.
I decided I needed really serious revenge. I put the plastic spider just inside the shower before he got in. To my horror, he screamed and slipped, breaking his collarbone!
She was very excited. Unfortunately a snake that had slithered into her pile struck her. Because of that incident she will always be suspicious of leaf piles.
Sam would hold sensitive work documents at home. Sam thought he should buy a paper shredder to be safe. Sam used the shredder on every document and felt smart to do that.
We went and visited two beaches close by on the Gulf of Mexico. Eventually the peaceful vacation erupted in a physical altercation. We took a cooling off period from alcohol and returned to Boston.
She wanted to be home watching television. She spent the whole night in the corner. Eventually her sister took her home for being so whiny.
Tim wondered why. Then he saw the calendar. It was Sunday so there would be no mail.
Her first event was the floor and she got a perfect ten. Next she performed on the bars and got a 9 point 9. She won two gold medals.
One friend said to try peanut butter to get it out. Another said mayonnaise. She ended up with all kinds of things in her hair including the gum!
She picks out an outfit and prepares to go to the party . However, she feels it is so cold outside she cannot go anywhere. Gertrude feels sad to miss seeing her friends because of the weather.
One day Brenda was getting the mail, and her husky escaped the house. Brenda spent all day chasing her dog outside. She finally was able to catch the dog using food.
His elbow ended up hitting a large trophy. It fell on the ground and was split into pieces. Andrew's dad got furious when he saw everything.
When she got there, she noticed a man standing on a platform. The teacher introduced the man as the model for the class. He stood up and dropped his robe, revealing he was naked!
The log was eventually cut up into firewood. Jane and Fred got married and cut down a tree in the back yard. No they have a log gain when they want to get away.
The two packed the car with their bags. They got in the car and took off. After 12 hours, the two arrived at their destination.
Then she held her hand out. Butterflies came and landed in her palm! Ava was so pleased she grinned widely.
The robot took a lot of time and effort. In the end, it pulled through. Their robot made it into the final round!
She hadn't realized the cookie had pecans in it! He had to be rushed to the emergency room because of his allergy. So happy he recovered, she wasn't sad about missing the party.
His human mommy found him chewing away on it. She took it away from him and saw it was a human leg bone. The police came and found a full human corpse in the neighbor's yard.
It was deeper than expected and wouldn't stop bleeding. A simple adhesive bandage did nothing to help. She had to go to the hospital and get stitches.
Sam thought that his days of playing football were over. A nice man came along and gave Sam a brand new football. Now, Sam has a football that is better than ever.
He decides to hide and wait for the cat to come back. He falls asleep under a tree. The cat lays next to him under the tree.
Hi hikes for five miles and his legs get sore. Jason has to rest for a while. Finally rested, Jason hikes home.
He pushed Alison down. Alison's knees were scraped and bleeding. Jason carried Alison home.
They were 10, they could handle it. When they left the theater they were traumatized. The movie had been rated R for a good reason.
Randy went to order a sub after resting in the morning. When he tried to eat the sandwich, his mouth had a lot of pain. He decided to throw half off the sandwich away.
He wound up messing some up and having to redo them. It actually took longer. Ken decided to concentrate on each individually instead.
She decided to use a paper towel in place of a coffee filter. The coffee had grounds in it. Sue decided she should put some away for emergency uses.
It must have been going 100 miles per hour. Ralph's wife called the police from her cell phone. Miles down the road, they saw the police had caught the bad guy!
He pays eight hundred dollars a month for it. He had trouble paying his other bills. He decided to give up the car so he could live better.
Several insects managed to get inside of his pants. They were biting my legs to a large extent. Ultimately, I had to run out of the water
I have watched all his shows and movies. I had prayed that one day we meet and marry. I mourned for the man who made my heart go pitter patter.
He was not tired. He tossed and turned for over an hour trying to go to sleep. His dad brought him a glass of warm milk and he fell fast asleep.
Olivia was so worried. The doctor recommended she start giving the baby formula. She agreed and within a few weeks he was healthier.
It took 6 months for it to be built. It is a 3 bedroom 2 bath house. They live there and are very happy.
Later that day there was a drawing for a $50 gift card at work. There were over a hundred employees entered but Ben won! He seemed to have positive karma for his good deed earlier that day.
He became rich in months, buying cars and expensive things. The housing market, however, crashed. Within months he lost all his new properties, cars and nice things.
Last Friday, he decided to go to his first car show. At the car show, Jim was able to see a lot of concept cars. Jim was happy he was able to attend.
He would eat it so fast that he would get a headache. Dan didn't like headaches. Dan started eating slower.
Laura started pestering Kim to follow up with the teacher. She nervously waited for the report cards to be issued. When Laura finally saw it, she was very relieved to see all A's.
So he wrote a computer program to make decisions for him. Over time, the program became very elaborate. And Rob ended up acting like a robot.
Ben had to watch Youtube videos in order to learn what to do. He followed the videos exactly. The deep fried turkey was a hit at Thanksgiving dinner.
It is hard to watch the movie with her because she recites every part. I asked her politely to quiet down. She got angry and stormed away.
Larry replied that Linda had to do what he said. Linda stormed off. Linda stole Larry's watch in retaliation.
She saw a squirrel. Cindy ran off her leash so she could get the squirrel. Jeff lost his dog Cindy.
Katy knew that women could do anything men could do. Katy trained hard and went to Marines Boot Camp. She scored first in her class and was the top Marine in her division!
He made plenty of new friends. However, he was home sick to the core. He decided to quit his internship and head back home.
Finally his friend recommended he try a Honeycrisp apple. Fred was amazed by how delicious the apple was. He decided from that day that he did not hate fruits.
The cat kept coming back on a daily basis. Lou decided to take the cat in as his pet. The cat has been Lou's best companion since.
It kept his family fed. The crops included things like tomatoes, peanuts, and corn. The garden gave subsistence the family.
Cora decided she needed to pare down some of the purchases. She cut her budget down by a third. Now Cora could afford to buy everything on her list.
She yelled at her sister for being selfish. Her mother stopped the argument. To Gina it looked like her mom was taking her sister's side.
She put it in rice to dry out. She finally told me about it when it wouldn't turn back on. She was thankful when I told her that I have a warrantee.
They sampled many different wines. But then Ed had to stop sampling. He was feeling very tipsy!
Today, he was able to climb to the second highest spot on the list. He beamed at his success, but was not satisfied with being number 2. He continued playing until he was able to get to the highest record.
They do lots of gambling and drinking while they are there. Joe spends all his money the first day he is there. The rest of the trip he has to hang out by the pool.
Julio searched far and wide for another fried chicken restaurant. A new fried chicken restaurant opened in his home town. The new restaurant was just as good.
Fay bought butcher paper to tape to the walls at the child's height. After a lesson in where to color, the child took to marking the paper. Now both Fay and her daughter are both satisfied.
She did her best to hit the pins. At the end of the game, she checked her score. Surprisingly, Nala had come in second place!
Sam refused to call 911 and asked someone to drive him. He didn't want to pay the expensive charges. Sam made it to the hospital with the help of a friend.
Later, she complained that her services and latte were bad. So the manager gave her a discount. Sarah felt good about being exploitative.
Since Chantel's windows were not tinted, the man can see her. He spent approximately 3 minutes staring her down. Eventually, she drove off when the light turned green.
She went to the store intending to get a jacket. A gorgeous bauble caught her eye. She bought it and added it to her collection.
He applied all over town for all sorts of jobs. He finally got an interview with a bank! He passed the interview and was offered a job as a bank teller.
I knocked on doors in the freezing cold to get signatures from people. By the end of six hours of work, I collected over thirty signatures. My employer was extremely proud of my hard work!
The man said he had gone downtown and lost his wallet. He didn't have money to get back home. Ed gave him bus fare so he could get back to his family.
She had been dreading the visit for a week. She wasn't excited since she knew it would be boring. She decided to go because she knew it was the right thing to do.
Eventually I waited 30 minutes before a manager came out. The manager said that he would be giving everyone a $100 credit. I ended up getting helped and an extra credit on my bill!
They waved and I invited them over. When I told them I was breaking camp they offered me a lift. The boat nearly tipped over with all my stuff in it.
After a few minutes, he would come back in and hop on the bed. He would sit on the bed until I finally got up. This continued until the day he came back in with a dead chipmunk.
It cried a lot and kept her up at night. It was hard work taking care of a baby. She got better at caring for the baby everyday.
Finally, the baby fell asleep in a semi-sitting position on the couch. Kelly was relieved to see that the child wasn't coughing. She decided to leave the child where she was, so she could get rested.
She mixed the batter and put them in the oven. But when they finished, they tasted very bad. Sara sadly realized she had forgotten to add the egg!
He drove to the parlor. When he was done it hurt. He thought the pain was worth it though.
Jan's dad called his daughter downstairs so the two girls could meet. The parents agreed the girls looked alike. The girls, both plain and homely, looked at each other suspiciously.
They were making fun of Amanda, saying she looked like a disco dancer. Amanda, who had a sense of humor, knew she was dressed flamboyantly. As she got off the train, she did a few disco moves to stun the women.
She decided to adopt a little girl from China. It took 3 years for her paperwork to go through but finally it did. She brought Sam a little sister named Xiao.
Everyone within the company wanted Adam. After much backlash, Adam was brought back and given his old job. Everyone else was very pleased.
The baby began rolling around near a blanket. Soon, he ended up with the blanket wrapped around his head. Olivia had to get up and unwrap him.
When Bob kills his third wife police finally catch him He is sentenced to death. He still claims his innocence right as he is to be executed.
She decided she would find out why he hadn't called her. When Ray entered, he was nice and acted as if nothing happened. Amy was more confused than ever.
Tom and his parents found a cat online and picked it up. When they brought it back, Tom took a nap with it. When Tom woke up, the cat was nowhere to be found anywhere.
Then he saw a large fin breach the water. The boy swam as fast as he could toward shore. The boy finally made it to the beach safety away from the shark.
Little Kayla jumped out of bed. She ran into her aunt's room. Aunt Becky let Kayla crawl into bed with her.
In my frustration, I yanked it so hard that everything went flying. At that moment my wife walked into this situation. She laughed at my mess and told me to clean it up.
Steele practiced for his game tirelessly for a month. On the day of the big game, Steele was very prepared. Steele kicked the winning goal for his team.
Helen's mom was cooking here and she was amazing. She baked a pie today and the smell was intoxicating. Helen was finally able to taste the pie and it was sensational.
They asked their mom if they could borrow one from the library. She said yes and drove them to the local library. Heather and Brian borrowed a new game and had a great time playing it!
I immediately put on my workout clothes. I drove to the gym. I began a new workout regimen to lose some weight.
Then she began to run with it. But there was no wind at all! Ana couldn't get her kite off the ground.
As she rounded the corner she saw a line for the ladies room. She was sleepy and really didn't want to wait. She rolled her eyes, and got in the line to wait.
Finally, it was December 4th, his last day for the year. He spent a lot of time that day preparing things for his absence. He left the building whistling a tune, excited to go home and rest.
One day, Tom was found to cheat at the game. Tom lied and lied, when everyone knew the truth. Now, the mark of "cheater" also followed Tom to the Hall of Fame.
I ran as fast as I could. Yet before I knew I, I tripped over a log. I ended up falling flat on my face.
He saw that a tree had fallen and smashed his shed. He called some friends over to help him fix things up. They moved the tree and fixed the shed.
On the flight home we had to fly over the Atlantic. That flight was more depressing than usual. We wanted to jump out of that plane and go swimming!
She finally decided to wash it last Tuesday. She went to the car wash and got started. By the end it looked different and her boyfriend liked it.
Shayla was happy to meet her sister. They took a picture together. Shayla looks at the picture to remind herself of good memories.
One day he heard about a bad accident. He went to the accident, and it was gruesome. He decided he no longer wanted to be a cop.
She spent a lot of time looking through portfolios of artists. Jasmine finally decided on one to hire. The makeup artist made her picture-ready for her big day.
I asked the neighbor to stop. He said no. I filed a complaint with the homeowners association.
She froze the whole time. When she got home, she felt like she was getting a cold. Tori decided that she was going to wear more layers next time.
I asked him what was wrong. He told me that his balloon floated away. I bought him a new balloon and he was happy.
When he walked in, a pinball machine caught his eye. He walked up to play it, and happily put all of his quarters in. Suddenly, the game jammed and Dale lost all of his money.
It fit her perfectly. Three days later, the dress was seventy-five percent off. Jenny's happiness faded quickly.
The trip was going well until I got bitten by a stray dog. I had to be rushed to the hospital. Thankfully I was alright but it was still scary.
Sam said that he will make them a fire. The friends gathered sticks for him. Sam stacked the sticks and lit them on fire.
In addition, he gave my friend an F on the exam although he aced it. I tried contacting the school staff to report the issue. They believed my story and investigated the scene.
After not being able to find it, he started typing in the lyrics. Google found the song through the lyrics. Bryan was happy so he bought the song through itunes.
I stayed longer than I planned. When I got to the bus stop the bus was already gone. My kids were waiting for me at home when I walked in the door.
The building had been made a long time ago and was really special. He and his neighbors decided to protest. Slowly but surely, they stopped the people from taking their building.
But when they arrived, they were incredibly spicy! Nita could hardly eat them. She wished she had not ordered them quite so hot.
Him and his wife then get saved by a rescue helicopter. Once they get to Geneva, they shop, being thankful they're alive. When it's time to leave, they decide not to take a boat again.
She preordered it the other day. When it came she was thrilled. She immediately used it.
She paid for her couch. The deliverers brought the couch to her apartment. She sat on the couch and admired its comfort.
It would not let you sit in a chair. I tried to sit down in and it bit me. I kicked the cat across the room.
The dog had no tags. Alex went around the neighborhood looking for it's owner. When no one claimed him, he had to take him to a shelter.
Kim denied it vehemently. They went back and forth for 15 minutes. Eventually, Amy hung up on Kim.
He goes to the grocery store and buys rice, vegetables, and meat. Over the next few weeks, he cooks at home a lot. Larry is happy that he is going to restaurants less than he used to.
Then the phone rang. He knew he shouldn't work when he was distracted. Chuck submitted the final hit hoping they would load again soon.
She arrived at the pedicure place and picked out a color to use. The ladies prepared her station and she sat down and put her feet up. She enjoyed being pampered while they took care of her feet and legs.
Johnny tells Molly to ride the one that goes upside down first. On the rollercoaster, Molly is so scared that she gets sick. Molly puked all over Johnny!
Finally he had enough and he put in the order for the bike. The bike arrived, but something was off the box was so small. In the end he realized that it wasn't a real bike he bought but a toy.
One day he had a terrible argument with his parents. Percy stopped talking to his parents. Everyone was quite upset for a long time before making up.
Travis decided to wear a jacket outside. He was very hot from the warm weather. He then needed extra water because of how hot he was.
Suddenly she saw the water quickly recede. She knew that was the sign of an impending tsunami. Her family alerted the staff and ran for high ground.
Her friends promised they would buy tickets too. However, the concert sold out and they did not. Sally ended up not going and wasted her money.
Sally let her friend copy her test They both got caught The principle gave them detention for a week.
Emily shook as she stepped out onto the stage. She saw a crowd full of smiles the moment the lights turned on. Smiling back at them, Emily gave a great performance.
He was so bored waiting for his next bus to arrive. Then, he spotted a football game on TV. He kept himself entertained watching it until his bus showed up.
At first she felt sad she didn't fit in with the other girls. She decided to focus on the cooking instead of them. After 45 minutes she had forgotten they were there.
He looked all around the sheets and blankets for it. Cal couldn't find it anywhere! Then he spotted it on the floor under the bed.
They came the next day. They sprayed chemicals inside her house. They were able to kill all the termites.
There was a wadded-up hundred dollar bill in the dryer! Ben looked around, but no one else was there. He shrugged and pocketed the money happily.
My friends bought the food for us to taste. Unfortunately I ended up dropping the hot dogs. So we had to order in instead.
Eventually, the goldfish died from overeating. Her parents rushed to replace the fish. Terri never found out until she was an adult.
My friends and I climbed on top of the roof. My friends jumped, and then it was my turn. When I walked to the ledge, I slipped and fell off.
He offers his help to anyone who wants it. Fred spends all day shoveling our driveways. At night he goes home and rests.
I hope he takes me to get some ice cream. We usually go to the zoo. I love spending my days with grandpa.
When he went to get a haircut, he told the barber what he wanted. The barber accidentally shaved a chunk of his hair out. Jason had to shave his head and it will take a long time to grow back.
Tim's friend informed him that his dog needed to run more. Tim decided to take up running. Tim began running with the dog and they both began to feel happier.
He studied french and eventually got his doctorate. He nervously confronted his parents and told them the truth. They said they didn't care and loved him anyway.
Susan would have ten days to find a new daycare. Susan couldn't find anything in her price range. She had to quit her job to care for her son.
For some reason, Teddy gets scared when the power goes out. Teddy gets very nervous and climbs into bed with me. There's not much sleeping with a 130lb dog on your head!
Eventually, she decided she wanted to help a child in America. Jean then applied to adopt the first available child. Jean was thrilled when she was approved six months later.
The only problem was I didn't know where to go. I decided to try a Baptist church in my town. I loved it and will be going there for a long time.
The Kia lasted about seven years. We bought a Chevrolet for its reliability and low cost. My wife wishes we had automatic windows, though.
When I picked it up, 5-6 people asked me for a piece. After giving out the gum, I had no pieces left. I eventually bought another pack.
They both walked in and sat down. Michael was blunt, telling Jose that he was the best worker on staff. He offered Jose a vacant management position of which he accepted.
The kids just couldn't hit the ball that far. Then one day a ball zoomed towards him. Fortunately he was paying attention so he caught the ball.
He looks for a pair that is high quality but not too expensive. Finally he buys a pair that he loves. Now Jasper has nice warm hands when he drives to work.
She couldn't find them anywhere! By the time she finally found them, she had missed her bus. Her father had to take her to school that day.
Jimmy rescued some bird eggs from the forest floor. He put them on top of a tree. The eggs eventually hatched a few months later.
Her mother told her the dress was too fancy. Amy put the dress on anyway. Amy's mother marched her upstairs and made her change.
I picked it up. I decided to keep it. I felt bad about keeping it so I turned it into the police.
Jackie researched him and found out a lot of bad things he did. She decided to expose them to the public. Her competitor lost to her drastically because of this.
Lucy sat down to dinner with Mary and her family. They were served beans and cornbread. Mary, suffered through the dinner and asked to go home.
But the pandas were asleep so people moved on. But Ally waited and waited. She had a great view when they finally started playing.
When he got to Texas, he didn't realize that the job market was down. He struggled for nine months to find a job. Then, he gave up and went back to Iowa.
She started running in her neighborhood. She got tired after 2 blocks. Afterwards, she walked back home to rest.
He was told exactly what to play for each new song created. This made him upset and he voiced his complaint to the band. The band wouldn't budge on the issue and he left the project.
Sam returned to his apartment after the exterminator finished. There were no more cockroaches. Sam was happy with the service that the exterminator provided.
She applied to hundreds of different hospitals. She got denied because they required a graduate degree. Jill eventually went back to school to try and get her masters.
Selling his sailboat, he got money for a houseboat. The second he put it in the water it sank. Jim left the water for good after that.
That night, Tyler's parents reviewed all the food he had eaten. Tyler told them he ate a peanut butter cracker. They gave him some Benadryl, and told him not to eat peanut butter.
Ben met a girl that loved to run. She made Ben promise to run in a marathon together. Today, Ben is running in his very first marathon.
His food came out cold. He went home and gave it a bad review online. It wound up hurting the business.
Tom replied, but Adam did not respond. Adam had fallen asleep. Adam texted Tom in the morning.
But after a few minutes, she dozed off. Tina woke up hours later to see that she'd burned terribly. She was very angry at herself for falling asleep!
Kayla searched all the stores she could think of, and went online. Finally she decided to give her mom a picture of the two of them. Kayla's mom loved the gift and put it in her office.
Molly's mother bought pink cotton candy for them to share. Beth won a goldfish and Molly won a stuffed bear. It was a fun-filled day that the two girls would remember.
Dominic jumped out of the corner and terrified him. That caused Jack to tackle Dominic and tickle him until he cried. Brotherly love is a funny thing!
Jeff bought a dog. Jeff named the dog Henry. Jeff no longer felt lonely.
Halfway down the aisle, Jay say a 64 pack of crayons. He asked his mother vehemently for them. She finally caved in and bought Jay the crayons.
We saw a fish jump in the rushing water. Further in the hike, we saw birds and a deer. We were all sweating bad when we arrived at the end of the trail.
The final direction was to turn into a driveway. When Kim turned it was a dead end. The phone had given her horribly wrong directions.
The girl and her could not stop arguing. Finally, the counselors made them talk about it. Luckily they were able to come to an agreement.
The weather was so overcast that he did not get a very good view. He decided to take a picture of the scene anyway. After taking the photo, he began to hike his way back.
She slowly edited it and worked on it for years. She finally finished at the end of high school. She hopes to be a popular fantasy author.
She kept it bandaged for 2 weeks. She decided to look at it in the mirror again. The wound had healed, but there was now a long scar.
Today, that jamming problem burned my toast! It filled my whole kitchen with smoke. And, it set off the fire alarm.
We compromised by going to lakes. In 2010 we swam at Lake Cochituate in Natick. I enjoyed swimming in the still waters.
Their band director had died quite unexpectedly the night before. After much deliberation the students decided to perform anyway. It was a very emotional experience for everyone involved.
He did not have any wood chips in stock. He had to order them from out-of-town. The children went an extra two weeks without a playground due to this.
She ignored the butterflies in her stomach as she got on stage. The months of practice had paid off and she danced flawlessly. She brought honor to her family's emblem on her skirt.
Then they set up their goal posts. Soon they were kicking, running, and laughing. Ila and her friends had a fantastic time playing soccer together!
I unloaded the four wheeler and put on my helmet. I rode through the track and had fun. I went back to the trailer and went back home.
She decided on a caramel sundae, which she quickly ordered. It looked so delicious when it was served up for her. Iva ate the sundae right there at the counter!
All of a sudden a VW beetle comes out of nowhere and hits me. I roll up on the windshield then roll back off onto my feet. Fractured ankle and concussion, I still went to the Christmas parade.
She went to the toy store and bought the best squirt gun they had. Jane then had a big water battle with her siblings. She won the battle!
We raced as fast as we could around the rock. Finally I ended up winning. I was thrilled.
Those zoos decided to donate two of their elephants. When the local zoo received the elephants, one of them died. It was determined that the new exhibit should be shut down.
They fought roughly for control of the TV remote. Their grappling caused them to accidentally knock over the television. Neither of them got what they wanted, since that TV was now broken.
After locating the recipe, Mandy gathered the ingredients to start. Mandy decided to make several different colored lollipops. Mandy was happy that she learned how to make lollipops.
The police found my gun and gave me a ticket. I researched a citizen's right to own a gun. I learned I can own a gun but I need a permit for it.
It was a present from his parents. His parents sent him a brand new computer! John called his parents and thanked them.
He continued to ignore the warnings. His mother then took him to the dentist. Cleo ended up needing six cavities filled at the dentist office.
As soon as I reached the nearest street to my house, I saw a dog. He was running towards me. I rode more quickly to get away from him.
he could hardly believe and took the test on the day of his birthday. He passed on the very first try! He was overjoyed and got his license.
He got a bungalow on the beach. Every morning he watched the sun rise on the water. Phuket was a relaxing dream come true!
At last, she called on my name. She was amazed and recommended me to join the magnet program. I also received a small trophy.
We figured it would be enough to keep us warm. All of a sudden big freezing winds hit. We had to give up and wait until later.
I loved watching the runners on television. Thankfully the person I was rooting for won. I was thrilled
The fudge was very delicious. It was so good she made her own. She wanted to make it everyday.
But Johnny walked up to her at her job and asked her on a date. Julie accepted because Johnny had a luxury truck. They made love because Julie didn't fight her feelings.
Nobody could take the host unbaptized. One day a couple debated letting their child take the host. They decided not to allow her.
A lady gave Michael AIDS. I prayed hard for Michael today. Michael just died.
I didn't know what to do so I stayed still. The spider ended up crawling onto my head. I screamed and fainted from shock.
They discovered a river in the woods. One person packed a raft. The river rafted down the river and Linda had a lot of fun.
Because Tim couldn't go, John asked Bob. Bob declined. Ultimately, John didn't go because he was afraid to go alone.
After replacing the adapter he dropped the bulb. Eventually he got everything fixed. But for the time and effort he could have paid a pro to do it cheaper.
He was used to a fast lifestyle and walked with a purpose. At one point he realized he had lost them. He had walked too fast and they weren't able to keep up.
He didn't know if his family would make it. Tim looked at the audience as he walked across the stage. He saw his family waving happily.
He wanted to buy some water. It turned out to be $8 for a bottle. He unhappily bought one.
John didn't listen and got in trouble again. His parents shipped him off to military school. John hated it there but learned a lot of discipline at the school.
After many months, his chopstick skills improved. Now he can eat almost anything using chopsticks. Mortimer feels proud whenever friends see him using chopsticks.
Gina bragged that her older brother had this album on tape. Her friend didn't believe her and wanted to see the tape. Gina was too scared her brother would find out and be upset.
The owner showed him around and explained things. Neil was impressed by the amount of work done there. He wrote a glowing article about the Macau factory!
On the way down she stepped on a starfish. She picked up the starfish and threw it back in. She enjoyed the sunset and felt good about what she had done.
Over the next year Dan practiced and worked extra hard. Dan went and did the try outs the next year. Dan was proud when he saw his name on the team's roster.
The tour operator warned them to closely guard their possessions. Just then, a monkey came up and snatched John's eye glasses. Everyone in the tour group started to laugh at John.
One day, Erin decided to finally make a purchase. Phone in hand, she waited to see a product she wanted. Once the product appeared she purchased it as fast as she could.
So she went to Walgreens and had them all put on 8 disks. She kept these at home so she could access them. When she went to look through them, she found they were blank.
The boots were the right size, but too narrow. Amy asked if they had a wider width. They cashier said they didn't and that she also was unable to fit them.
He read many books, from many different genres. He finally decided on writing a mystery novel. The novel was very successful and acclaimed by critics.
His prized possession was a large mandala bead. His brother stole the mandala bead. Mandel suspected his brother had done it, but could never prove it.
She accidentally spilled her cup of milk. The babysitter smiled and helped her clean it up. Jennifer felt comfortable with the nice babysitter!
During the reception, a muddy dog runs past and gets mud on the hem. Cindy immediately rinses it with cool water and gets the stain out. Cindy is relieved to be able to keep her favorite blue dress.
Fred's dog played Frisbee and fetch with all of the other dogs! Soon, the sun started to go down. Fred called his dog, put the leash on him, and they went home.
The girl bulldog jumped a fence. She got pregnant with a basset hound. Now Debi has to try to sell other puppies.
She scrubbed the dishes! She swept everything! Lara was happy that her house ended up very clean!
I did my best to imitate a caw. The rest of the people on the patio started staring. Finally, one woman in the back joined in.
Clarissa was a single mom to a boy who loved the rodeo. Deborah and Eric were often afraid their grandson would be injured. They tried to convince Jacoby not to ride bulls, but it didn't work.
Bits and pieces disappeared each night, until she only had a roof. Lorelai sold her roof and made a fortune. She decided her next home would be made of wood instead.
The homeowner ran out and demanded to know who'd done it. Tommy lied and said he didn't know. He felt so bad about lying that he then told the truth.
I enjoyed running the bases. I could throw a ball from outfield all the way to home base. But now I am older and I just prefer watching others play.
He told the teller her wanted to deposit his check. Charlie signed his check on the dotted line. The teller deposited the check for Charlie.
He hired a guide to take him to a cliff and assist him. Barry was scared but he decided to jump anyways. The bungee cord snapped and Barry fell to his death.
They hiked into the woods. They found the perfect spot and pitched their tents. After dinner over a campfire they went to sleep in their tents.
Kirk lost his grip and fell down to the floor. The audience screamed, thinking he would die. Kirk landed instead on a giant net and bounced back safely.
When he turns her down she threatens to fire Jan. He agrees to go out with her to save Jan's job. But when Jan finds out what her boss did she quits her job.
His feet were sinking into the ground. Guy struggled to free himself from the quicksand. He grabbed a vine and pulled himself to safety.
Harry grew up playing football because he was so big. Harry eventually quit football because he didn't like it. Harry wished he was smaller so he could have played soccer.
Then she thought of a solution. She bought a big bug bomb, shut her door, and set it off in her room. Within an hour every mosquito was dead!
There were always geese. He decided to get rid of them. He put out swan status to scare them away.
Then, I used a machine learning algorithm on the poetry. After ninety days of learning, the program could write good essays. I used the program to write my college admissions essay.
When that didn't work she called a locksmith. The locksmith said he couldn't come help because he was busy. Rachel angrily broke her window with a rock and got her keys back.
That moment Chad told himself he will commit to a diet. He stopped eating junk food and began to exercise. The next time he weighed in he had lost 5 pounds.
Then he found a contest he could compete in. It was a hot dog eating contest! John ate fifteen hot dogs and won first prize!
Jim said to skip the lettuce. The worker nodded and followed instructions. The worker finished the sandwich and asked Jim if it was ok.
When the state championships came, Edward was thrilled to play. He managed to make the touchdown that won his team the game. Everyone agreed that Edward was the best player on the team.
One game he injured his leg really badly. He was told he couldn't play football anymore. He decided to be coach instead and he is still very successful.
It was horrible quality. Joe got a huge loan from the bank. After that he was able to make a great advertisement.
I looked everywhere for the perfect pair but couldn't find any. Finally I picked some up at Best Buy. They were perfect.
I researched stores that doubled the value of the coupons I had saved. I clipped, tore and cut fifty coupons that were doubled in value. Now I am believer in coupons because I saved ten dollars last week
She filled out the application. A few days later the manager called offering her a position. Marissa eagerly accepted the offer.
The IT department had to create credentials for his access. IT had Jim check to see if his credentials worked. His login did indeed work, and he was able to use the machine.
Maria told Tim it would be okay. Tim moved to Alaska without any problems. Tim is now happy in Alaska.
I sung it for my friends and family but they did not know it either. I searched through old CDs hoping I would find the song. I called a radio station, hummed them the song, now I know the song.
One Sunday we both had the flu and had to cancel our plans. He still managed to plan an in-house movie date. I enjoyed myself that night, he made me feel so special.
She finally decided on some hanging baskets. She watered them daily. They still died.
Laura's cat meowed because it was unable to get down. Laura called the fire department. A friendly firefighter was able to bring her cat out of the tree.
Our favorite game was to jump off the porch and pretend we could fly. Chris sent me a friend request on Facebook today. I was sure he was going to be a pilot!
These I buried in the ground as supports. Then I constructed a house out of the old wood. The new fort is twice as good as the old treehouse.
He didn't like it. As a result, she made him drink more. Finally, he grew sick of her and ran away from home.
One day Jenna's friend told her about a special free dance class. Jenna excitedly signed up right away. She took the class for a month and enjoyed it very much.
By accident, I said something briefly. She decided to suspend me for a day. I became confused and decided to hit my desk.
In a panic, Jackson stays up all night before his Chemistry test. He sleeps through his alarm. Now Jackson wishes he hadn't studied so late and missed the test.
As the dog passed, he noticed that it's leg appeared to be broken. He took it to the vet and the vet put it's leg in a cast. Since the dog looked like a stray, Frank decided to keep it.
She practiced and practiced. Her audition went perfectly. Sally got the lead role.
Her parents thought that was weird. They told her to stop and make real friends. This made her feel even more isolated and desperate.
Then he told her to go with him on a trip but she didn't want to. Donald was upset, took her door key, and then kicked her out. Three days later, Donald called after his wife offering her key back.
He only intended to eat one. But instead he ordered three. When Tom got home, he felt sick.
Customers walked into her job five minutes before closing. They demanded lots of food and left a poor tip. She cried herself to sleep two days in a row.
John ran down the street looking for a shelter. Suddenly John saw a warm cafe that was open all night. John ran to the door but suddenly it stopped raining.
The ship sailed across the sea faster than anyone ever went. The captain then commanded a hard turning maneuver. The boat tilted hard but performed admirably throughout.
Unfortunately, the store was out. She texted her husband. He texted her back with a list of alternative ingredients.
Billy was sad. Billy's dad brought home a new cup. Billy could finally enjoy punch again!
She decided to just eat fruit. She found that bananas in Ecuador were cheap and plentiful. Anna ate lots of bananas on her trip!
She worked hard every day to become a teacher. Then when she became one, she didn't quite like it anymore. She decided the best job for her was not teaching!
As soon as she woke up, she jumped up and shouted. She had forgotten about street cleaning day! She tried to move her car, but had already gotten a ticket.
One day Rich decided to rob a bank. He was shot in the process. Now Rich's robbing days are done.
Hannah was worried her friends might be annoyed she was bringing Kobe. However, Kobe was excellently behaved for the duration of the hike. Hannah was thrilled to take out her dog and be with her friends.
Then one night she just didn't have the energy to battle her curls. In the morning, she feared her classmates would mock her wild hair. But to her surprise, she received dozens of envious compliments!
After chewing the gum and getting home I wanted to throw it away. I went and opened the trash can. Inside the can was a mouse on a sticky trap wiggling around.
She had set a goal to finish in 30 minutes flat. She pushed herself as hard as she could. She finished the race in just a little over 29 minutes!
His friend texted him as he was leaving to the parade. His friend asked him if he was going to the parade. John said yes so they met up and watched the parade together.
He obtained a passport. Then, he packed his bags and got his ticket. Because he planned well, he enjoyed the vacation of his life.
He was skeptical of signing anything. He took the contract to his lawyer. His lawyer approved the contract and Tom signed it.
This year, they went to a different orchard. The orchard was filled with a lot of apples. Bella picked a whole bushel full of apples.
She decided to clean the entire house. She prepared the baby's room. She continued to keep things tidy until the baby came.
He told me he made the swim team and they all shave. He said that having no had on your body makes you swim faster. Although I think it's weird I respect Tom's commitment to the team.
My car ran out of fuel. I was stranded in the middle of nowhere. Thankfully triple A came and fixed it.
He shaves his legs and finds that he can swim much faster. Phil now is one of the fastest swimmers in town. He is happy that he tried shaving his legs.
But Candy cared only for animals - she loved them so dearly. Then the women realized there was a way for both to be happy. Candy decided to go to college to become a veterinarian!
He invited all his friends. Unfortunately, on the day of the barbecue, it started to rain. They roasted the meat in the oven and had a party inside instead.
He drove the ball to the hoop and got fouled with one second left. Jacob went to the free throw line to take two shots. He missed the first shot, but made the second to win the game.
The Bruins were losing, 2 to 1. They tied the game but the goal was overturned. My son was angry because they went on to lose.
Each time she got a new one, she added it to the line. Soon, there was no room for Amy in her own bed. She slept on the floor, feeling resentful of the toys.
It was late and all the store were closed. All he had in the pantry was corn flakes and soup. His creative corn flake pizza was not a hit with the family.
After work, Lisa went home to her four kids. Her house was messy and Lisa hated a messy house. She drank a five-hour energy drink and detail cleaned her home.
She applied them and showed her grandmother. When her grandma saw her face she was angry. Her Grandma made Lucy wash the makeup off her face.
David called the mall and ask if it had been found. They said it was turned in so he went to pick it up. All the money was gone, they had stolen it prior to turning it in.
He covered buns in condiments. When the patties were done, he dressed them with cheese and veggies. Then, he ate the burgers.
She tries everything to get the baby happy. Finally, the baby falls asleep. Stephanie is happy to be able to sleep too.
When my hand touched the ashtray, I flipped the tray over. I spilled ash everywhere and had to clean it up. When I was done cleaning it, I wanted to smoke another cigarette.
She stood in awe, looking at all the presents. She tore into the gifts and opened them. She promised herself to open them more slowly next year.
He would shoot spitballs at them and take their dolls. The girls tried to avoid him but he always followed them. When he went to sleep the girls got revenge by putting makeup on him.
One day he climbed on to his roof and jumped off. He spread his wings and screamed that he was flying. Landing with a thud, Dan finally realized he could not fly.
Once Joe asked for lettuce, they tensed up. In addition, they added a small amount. Joe argued about the suspicion and requested the manager.
In the video they were wearing hats turned backwards. Gina realized she could afford to buy a hat. Gina couldn't afford new clothes, but she would buy a hat like theirs.
When she was about to walk outside in her dress, something happened. Her dress got caught in the door handle. As a result the shoulder ripped.
Jimmy was always saying mean things. Chad decided to block Jimmy. Now he can't say mean things on social media anymore.
At the park he sees many other people walking and running. He decides to visit the park more often. Andrew is happy that he has visited his local park.
Joe didn't give him money but felt bad he didn't help him. The next day Joe bought a ham and brought it to the homeless man. Joe no longer felt bad about the homeless man.
At the dentist office, he gave Chad some bad news. Chad would have to get his tooth pulled. Chad was upset that he would have to get the tooth pulled.
All I knew was they didn't like me. One night I forgot they hated smoking. By the time I was halfway done with one I had been kicked out.
But she kept hearing an owl. She fell asleep at 4 AM. And saw an owl at her window when she woke up at noon.
However, I lost my breath and collapsed on the ground. The ambulance removed me from the crowd. They immediately started to deliver fluids intravenously.
He couldn't grab anything without the buzzer going off. Stew grew up to be heart surgeon. He loves it because humans don't have buzzers.
So She entered a contest to show off her skills. She did a magnification outfit for the contest. The judges agreed, giving her first place!
He always dreamed of building a three story treehouse. Michael put all of his thoughts on paper to build it. Michael finally built the treehouse of his dreams.
David and his mom filled lots of balloons with water. The kids laughed as they brought out a giant bucket of balloons. At once, they began grabbing for balloons and throwing them!
Then we painted the rocks with many colors and decorations. When we were finished we tried to sell them to people driving by. We didn't sell any but we had lots of painted rocks.
One day her mom pulled the laundry out of the dryer. She found black stains all over everything. Melanie had left handfuls of pens in her pocket and ruined everything.
Lauren doesn't like golf, but likes Larry, so she is ok with it. Lauren hits her golf ball in the water, and Larry laughed loudly. Now Lauren likes golf, because it made her first date with Larry good.
They torture him for information. He never can confess because he has no info. He ends up dying.
Her mom couldn't afford to live on her own, and had medical issues. Tara wanted her freedom, but loved her mom too much to abandon her. She hoped she'd be able to move once her mom got a better job.
However, they taste awful. Mike threw them out after a week. It just was not worth it to him.
John placed several handguns and grenades in his bag. However, a grenade fell out of his bag. It blew up in the middle of the equipment center.
She decided to vacation to Los Angeles. While there, she realized she did not like Hollywood. Now she plans to stay in Australia.
However, one Sunday, she shuts off her phone and writes the report. She finds that it wasn't as bad as she had feared. Now Cornelia doesn't mind book reports as much.
They were eating soda left on the steps. Gina's father was furious. Gina got in trouble for the 2nd time that day.
He was excited for them to arrive. But when he opened it, the package had a tear. Ian then reluctantly bought coffee beans at a market.
They shouted and argued all day long. One day their mother got tired of listening to them and put them out. Now their family has what my Mom calls the peace porch.
He always wears Christmas sweaters and Christmas socks. Last night, he put up 3,000 Christmas lights. He really is our Mister Christmas!
Finally she gave in and laid down for an hour. She woke up feeling refreshed and invigorated. Cat decided she wasn't too old to take a nap, after all!
Ali decided not to meet Val, and go home instead. As she walked to her bike she saw Val waiting near it. Ali mustered her courage and approached the bully.
Every time light hit her eyes the pain increased. She found out her sleep mask on and lay down. Kay ended up laying down 8 hours before the headache ended.
She spent the entire night at the library. She was able to complete her essay in the morning. She fell asleep immediately after she turned it in.
Joe made many batches of beer. Joe drank all the batches of beer he made. Joe now has liver disease from drinking too much beer.
I proceeded to write the best story of all time. It included dragons and other mythical beasts. So the requester decided to give me a bonus.
It's a horrible situation. I told the both of them to work it out! Now we are all the best of friends.
Down a street they never saw before they noticed a tiny park. In the park was a pond that they sat next to until it was dark. From then on they visited that park every Sunday they could.
She realized she had no spare. She ran the rest of the way to work. She was embarrassed when she got there and realized it was her day off.
His dancing caused some rocks to slide down the mountain. The climber slipped and fell with the rocks. A tree stopped the climber's tumble and saved his life.
When she returned, the chicken was burned. It ended up turning into hard pieces. She immediately took it out of the grill, but threw it away.
Then, she noticed that the sausage was expired. She brought the sausage back to the store. Luckily, they quickly gave her a new one.
My friends weren't able to draws theirs correctly. My teacher glanced at my paper. She told me that I was doing great.
Then his mom hired a private tutor. She helped Mark study after school each day. With her help, Mark improved his grades dramatically!
Tom ignored the warnings. Tom and the girl broke up and it made things awkward at work. Tom wish he had listened to his co workers.
He liked her at first. Then he decided he needed space. He finally talked to her again after 4 days.
The dentist examined her teeth and pronounced her cavity-free. She took a free toothbrush and made her next appointment. Lily left with a clean smile and a sense of relief.
They dug a bunch of holes in the ground. There was treasure buried in the holes. The guys became very rich from the treasure.
She brushed her teeth. She climbed into bed. Before falling asleep she set her alarm clock for the morning.
She unpacked the food, which looked delicious. Then she realized she had forgotten utensils. It was easy to eat the chicken, but the potato salad was tricky!
He submitted his dental school application and got an interview. He prepared for the interview and felt at ease. He got into dental school and became a successful dentist.
But she wasn't paying attention to the sidewalk. And she tripped on the edge of a segment of sidewalk. She cried all the way back home ten blocks away.
One afternoon he had an assignment to use a new camera. He dressed nice and smelled good because he knew he'd need Christina. But Christina didn't help him because he looked and smelled nice.
We went to a hockey game together. We won the halftime game! It was a great experience.
Her neighbor spent hours working with her to complete the task. Taylor turned in the assignment to her teacher. She received the highest grade in the class.
So he bought instant coffee. And he more than enough time to make it. However, he missed the taste of real coffee.
Gina was upset because she didn't plan for this. She took a long time to get there because the roads were icy. Gina knew she was going to be late and was upset.
She got a terrible sunburn. Her skin was very painful for several days. She always wore sunscreen after that day.
Tim was present on the most important day of construction. If everything didn't go perfectly he was going to lose his job. He was very nervous, but everything worked out perfectly!
They went on a hayride, too. He even got to pet some baby goats. When he got home from school he drew a scary face on his pumpkin.
He immediately got up to vomit in the bathroom. For the remainder of the day, he was vomiting. He couldn't digest anything.
She decided to sign up for lessons. She took the 3 week course and could now swim. Jill showed off her swimming skills to her friends.
Ben swerved his car to miss the deer! The deer bounded away from the car. Ben missed the deer be a few inches.
He missed the ball every time he swung. He practiced really hard after the last game that his team lost. The next game, he scored a home run and was the reason his team won.
Bill gives ex cons a second chance by hiring them. Bill's business becomes successful using exclusively ex cons. Bill even wins a community service award
Then one day he decided to face up to his bully. He turned and stood his ground bravely. To his shock, his bully turned and fled!
He hadn't even stopped, when he'd seen what he'd done. Vera put together a funeral fit for a person for her dog. She buried him under the peaceful branches of the silver birches.
He took the buckets home. In Dave's backyard was a square wooden box in which he dumped sand. Now Dave had a proper sandbox with real beach sand.
They arrived at the restaurant and are seated at a table. Her parents arrive a few minutes later and are greeted by Jake. The dinner went well, Becky's parents loved Jake.
Jake made breakfast for his mother in bed. Afterwards, Jake surprised her with a bouquet of roses. Jake's mother thanked him for being so generous.
She set out a trap with a dab of peanut butter and waited. Sam heard a loud snap. She tossed the dead mouse into the trash.
She didn't realize it was going to be spicy hot. The man working the counter saw she didn't like it. So he gave her a cone of her favorite for free.
When she tried them on, they were too big. She had to call them and send them back. Luckily, she was able to get the right size quickly.
He was excited to see that it increased with value over time. He sold the stock a month later. He bought a cheeseburger and fries with his new money and was happy.
She was out of blueberries! Then she thought of a great substitution - cherries! She used frozen cherries and made delicious muffins!
They girls played with the dolls in the grass. They quickly got tired of their dolls camping. The girls brought Lisa's whole doll house out into the yard.
She decided to buy her first house. Her parents sat her down and told her of house responsibilities. She decided it was way too much and she should wait to buy.
I want to have an active dog. One that I can take on hikes with me. I think I need to get a new puppy.
When Bill met with the appraiser, he was a bit nervous. Bill was shocked when the appraiser told him the value. Bill was told the watch was worth over $1 million dollars!
McKenzie fell in love with the art of sewing. She began to sew at home and make original pieces. McKenzie began to sell her original pieces.
I had to decide between two dresses. Black or Red? Finally I decided to go with red.
She stopped and let the dog catch up with her. The friendly dog licked her hand, and looked up at her. She decided she would ask her mom if she could keep the dog.
She had trouble learning english. Joeldeen was struggling to she went to school for education. She ended up learning english.
That all changed when he heard rustling near some trees. Scared, he told his friends to take a look. It turned out to be a chipmunk, they all shared a laugh.
He decided to have a garage sale. His sister helped him price and set everything up. He ended up making a lot of money from the sale.
I brought up a list of Insurance Companies on the internet. The one I contacted required $50. I paid the fee and now I am a Notary Public.
When he exited the car he saw that he was in a handicapped space. Russ backed out and looked for another space. He found an open space much further from the entrance.
One runner slipped on the ground and tripped the other. They both tumbled and fell on the ground. They rested for a few second before getting back up.
Late at night the two women came home drunk. Cassidy wasn't used to being around that, and was uncomfortable. She decided to go home right then.
His friends said she will come to his house on Valentine's Day. On V-Day, his friends came to his house and revealed it a prank. Jon angrily kicked his friend out and ate candy by himself.
She had eaten way too much, and it made her sick. After it came back up she began to feel better. No longer full and sick, Gina was now hungry.
One day, during a robbery, he was caught. The owner was an officer and instead of arresting he gave him a loan. Now Jim has his own business and is forever grateful.
They ask how many languages Rachel speaks. Rachel is tired of explaining what Linguistics is. Rachel is only fluent in English.
Like the time Donald used the bathroom in the bushes. One kid complained because his house was nearby. Another kid complained because Donald didn't wipe his butt.
She didn't even hear her family leave for church. When she woke up and everyone was gone she was afraid. She couldn't believe they had gone without her!
This year I invited Mary to come to my house for Thanksgiving. I was so happy that she said she would come. We all had a wonderful time enjoying the Holiday together!
Nothing happened. She realized that the disposal was broken. Using a tool, she fixed it.
On the way down the slopes, her friend crashed. CeCe stopped to help her friend. Later her friend beat her down the mountain.
However, she really wanted to see the movie she was going to. She found that nobody was paying any attention to her at all. She enjoyed the movie by herself.
His neighbor made a comment when he walked outside. Pete tipped his hat and kept going. The neighbor laughed at such a gesture and bowed to Pete.
Tom decided he didn't want to do that, so he put in carpet. Tom's boss came back, and got angry at the flooring. Tom's boss made him do the floor all over again.
She therefore went to ask her siblings for help. They came over and fixed the lights. Lucy was grateful.
He asked her a few questions about herself. After answering the questions Judy is given a prize. Judy took her prize home and shared it with the family.
Kelly was so happy about it. She immediately tried some on. They fit perfectly.
Home prices were really expensive there. Jane had to save up for months to afford the down payment. After she moved, Jane was fired and had to make another long commute.
The animal shelter said he needed to be observed for one week. One week later, I arrived at the shelter an hour before opening. A lady was ahead of me, but thankfully in line for a different dog!
They decided that whoever had the strangest catch would get $50. Art caught an octopus. He received $50 for having the strangest catch of the day.
He carefully plucks some of the hair off using tweezers. It is a difficult process, but he finally gets all the hair. Milo is happy that he no longer has back hair.
Finally when he points out his friends new bags, she reconsiders. She buys Vladimir a new bag for school. Vladimir is very happy to have a new bag like his friends do.
Finally Sean flies to New Delhi, India. He pets an enormous elephant in New Delhi. Sean is so happy that he finally visited India.
She decided to surprise Mom with a drawing on the glass doors. Mommy walked into the room before Ella was finished. Mommy's gasp at the immensity of the drawing surprised Ella.
Ramona didn't have an umbrella. By the time she got home she was soaking wet! Afterwards, Ramona quickly changed into dry clothes.
One night, Marsha heard a lot of squeaks. Then, she felt something touch her hair! She looked up, and saw it was a bat!
He didn't realize it was meant as a joke. He wound up surviving longer than expected. Now he thinks it's something he wants to pursue.
But finally she figured everything out. When her volcano erupted at the science fair, the teachers laughed. They gave Anna an A+ on her project!
I was the only visitor there. One of the staff went with me. She turned on and off the lights as I entered and exited the rooms.
But one night, he saw an infomercial for a hair regrowth product. He had a bad feeling about it but ordered it anyway. After receiving and trying it, Ian only felt regret and hopelessness.
Joan feigned illness to avoid the test. Then, she continued playing sick for the rest of the week. When she returned to school, she told the class her tonsils came out.
We set up our bags in the tent. I heard a roar. It was a bear.
A man walked in and announced he had a gun. The gunman demanded Jason fill a bag with money. A patron in the bank punched the gunman for not showing his gun.
He was kicked out of his apartment. He found himself living on the streets. He was taken in by the homeless shelter that his money paid for.
I added a cup of boiling water to it. I let it sit for 5 minutes. And finally, I got to eat it.
Sawdust began to fly in every direction. Bob had to stop to clear away the dust. He put all the sawdust in his garbage can.
The water felt good to Carl. He swam to the other side of the river. When he got out he realized he clothes were on the other side.
But he is too proud to take it money from friends. So they set up a fake radio contest and rig it for him to win. He never finds out the truth.
She was having fun until she heard a snap. The truck had broken down. Jane had to be towed back.
He backed out hurriedly. He went to the convenience store and bought a few big bags. Then he returned, bearing the ice!
They watched the latest comedy release. Afterwards, they went to the coffee shop. Laura thought the date went really well.
When she hugged it she broke out in a rash. Haley was allergic to it. She had to find it a new home.
They left a big hole. They quickly went to the store to buy plaster. They fixed the hole before their dad came home from work!
She was lost for days and had gotten into a fight with a stray animal. When she was found she had multiple injuries. We rushed her to the vet, and she was all fixed up afterwards.
Tim was in a group project with the co worker. Tim told his boss. The co worker ended up getting fired.
However, a police officer pulls him over for driving too fast. The officer gives James a speeding ticket. James decides he will never try to drive that fast again.
Before she could hang it, she dropped it. It shattered into a million pieces. Alex is now going to have bad luck.
Today, I decided to bake a sugar and starch free dessert for him. This afternoon, I baked a banana bread for him from scratch. Once it cooled, I got in my car and delivered the bread to him.
Lisa decided to finish the homework as fast as possible. She drank some coffee and worked for four hours. She finished and was finally able to go to the beach!
Erin went on and on about making amends for talking behind her back. Amy let her talk waiting to hear if she actually had anything to say. Amy was relieved when lunch ended and she no longer had to play nice.
I was accepted to my second and third, but third offered more money. I went to my third choice college. I have great friends and am glad I chose here.
He spit out the piece and found out it was part of his tooth. It did not hurt so he kept eating. About a week later his tooth felt funny because it was so jagged.
A week later, her grade appeared in the gradebook. Macy was surprised since she received an F. The teacher said that she submitted the wrong document.
One day Billy ran away. Bobby disappeared shortly after. Later that night Bobby brought Billy home.
But the bee stung her! Nala's arm immediately began to swell. That was how she discovered she was allergic to bees.
At the toy store, David ran over to the toy cars. He picked out a car that he could afford. David bought the car and took it home.
My daughter's friend was 13. She asked a lot of questions and looked at the art a lot. She ended up taking art in high school.
Jane thought it was a good idea. They met at the park. The girls had a lot of fun playing together.
However, Yvonne is craving chips for a snack. She went to the pantry for her snack. Yvonne doesn't regret breaking her diet for chips.
Until one day the sugar went missing. So Bill was looking and he did not find it. So he learned sugar did not have to go with everything.
Sara got upset and hung up the phone. Her and her friend didn't speak for almost a week. Finally, Sara's friend apologized.
All he could find were crackers. After a while, he found a jar of peanut butter. He enjoyed his small, tasty snack.
At the archery class, Rufus met two new friends. They all went to get a beer after the class. From that day forward, Rufus never had trouble meeting new friends.
Jeff decided to go in the city and see if there is any crimes. He saw a robbery, and jumped out of his car to stop it. The robber punched him in the face, Jeff will stick to reading comics.
Daniel went to the doctor who referred him to a hand specialist. The specialist taught him to position his hands in a more healthy way. He was able to use his laptop without any more pain.
Dan took the puppy home and named it Frank. Frank had a bad habit of chewing furniture. Dan bought a book on dog training.
Eventually they realized they were extremely lost. They called their parents and they helped them to get home. Wanda's parents bought her a GPS.
The owner saw him and told him to stop fooling around. Chuck felt that this was the last straw. He quit on the spot and spin a tray on his middle finger.
She tried giving it hot dogs and veggies. Then she read that it needed special pellets. Anne bought the pellets and started feeding her turtle healthily.
Miles tried using the rainy to his advantage by sliding. Miles scored the winning goal for his team but injured himself. His leg was wounded but he felt proud of himself!
First, Scott took Irving to meet and play with NBA players. Next, he customized Irving's workout program. By his senior year in college Irving was ready for the NBA.
He wrote down a number on paper and handed it to Greg. Greg saw the number and gasped. He told the contractor that he's a crook and to leave.
Jane was in a big hurry and didn't have time to talk. Jane rudely informed the principal she was short on time and left. In the car neither Jane nor Ali spoke to each other.
Mike sat at his desk and then his manager met up with him. Mike decided that his new job atmosphere was too uncomfortable. Mike decided to quit his job and then drove back home.
The trainer told brad he needed to eat more protein. Brad started to eat more protein and saw more muscle gains. Brad was happy with the trainer's advice.
He tries to call her and get back with her. All he gets is the dial tone. He figures she's happy with someone else.
He asked if he could joined. The group invited him. Ted had fun playing frisbee.
Amy watched as the coworker wrapped a package. She then duplicated what she saw. It made Amy nervous this was all the training she was to receive.
Donald wrote a book with a giraffe in it. His publisher rejected the book. Donald felt anger directed at his publisher.
Logan's parents planned a family vacation to Hawaii. He was very excited about experiencing the beach for the first time. Logan spent all his time swimming, diving and surfing.
One day, Zeke needed money to buy lunch. He asked Prince if he could finally have his loan back. Prince happened to have the money, and paid Zeke back right then.
The Carla discovered her inner Carl. As she became the, Carl disdained Carla's former obsessions. In his nightmares, Carl wonders if someday Carla will erupt again.
He missed his exit because he was so sleepy. He suddenly jerked at the wheel because he noticed he missed it. The car went in circles and he pulled to a stop, safely.
First, they decided to rock, paper, scissors for it. After a deadlock for almost 15 minutes, the boys came to a conclusion. The decided to split the Popsicle and fight over something else.
Finally he flies to Albuquerque, New Mexico. He enjoys the weather and food very much. Boris has truly had the trip of a lifetime.
She still could not breathe too well or practice. Her coach came up with a home remedy to help her get better. Arlene ended up competing in the match and had a good game.
His friends recommended computer science. Jon researched computer science and liked what he read. He decided to major in computer science.
Jake dived into the newly created hole in the pond after it. He caught the dog up in his arms and swam towards the surface. Jake drowned as his head slammed into the ice, frozen back over above.
John always won the game. John thought it was funny his friend would get upset. John never lost to his friend in that game.
Christopher befriends the girl he fancies. As prom night comes nearer, he asks her to be his date. Christopher and the girl go to prom together.
After I was reading my text messages, I shut my eyes. I felt like I was going to throw up. I ended up throwing up but felt better after that.
Her car had broken down a mile down the road and she needed help. Teddy called his dad who has a tow truck and gave the woman a ride. Teddy felt good about being able to help someone else out.
One day she decided to try baking. She discovered she was very good at it. Mandy now bakes for a living.
Leaving work earlier gave me extra time to clean the apartment. I mopped, dusted, and took care of the trash. When my family arrived they noted how clean my apartment was.
When she arrived home she realized she forgot the milk. Debe went inside to put the groceries away. She then went back out to buy the milk from a convenience store.
Her boss suggested she transfer to a store closer to home. Amy sadly agreed with her boss. She said her goodbyes and left her job for the last time.
Half an hour later Brent noticed his oxygen was almost depleted. His friend handed him a can of spare air. Brent safely ascended back to the boat and got more oxygen.
He saw a large climbing wall. He decided to climb the wall. He went on to become a famous solo free rock climber.
Carl researched many stocks and decided where to invest his money. He chose to help one of his family businesses. Carl made a large investment and secured his family's future.
Shawn went to the store. Bought dog food. Went home to fed his dog.
She was cute and I wanted to get to know her better. I went to go sit at the bar and the stool broke. I fell on my butt and she laughed at me.
When I got there I tried a sample. It was amazing. I ordered a large and I loved it.
She found several items that she liked. She got on line to pay for her things. Afterwards, Mary called her friend to brag.
The cashier counted the nickels three times. Every time she counted, the total was a nickel short. Mike knew that he always picks the wrong line at the store.
She put them on and rolled out onto the sidewalk. She was off like a flash, rolling around the town. She spent all day skating, she was so happy with her new skates.
When we were tired of looking we sat on the porch. Suddenly we saw a man walking with our dog. He brought our dog back home!
As his siblings opened their presents, he looked for his own. In all of the gifts, there were none for Taylor. Taylor was upset until his mom surprised him with a brand new car.
She went to many camps and played on many teams. Anna was recruited to play for the local University. She accepted the scholarship.
When she came home she saw the Christmas tree was empty. Her toddler had taken all of the ornaments off. She scolded him and her husband for not noticing.
Chad should have told Meaghann that he like cheddar. Meaghann came to the picnic with 30 different types of cheese. Harper, the dog, enjoyed the rest at the end of the picnic.
After Will had the test the doctor told him he didn't need glasses. Will was surprised and happy. Will was glad that the visit was over.
I grabbed some crayons from the garage. After a few hours I had a pretty messy picture. I got it framed.
She had been at her uncle's house bored since noon. It was now 10 PM. Gina was upset her whole day was wasted waiting.
Roger drives the hundreds of miles to return home. He visits with friends and family that he hasn't see in Years. After staying for almost three weeks, Roger heads back to Texas.
However, Chad was a bit nervous about what to say to them. Chad decided he would tell them about the realities of life in society Chad could not wait to give his speech to the students.
When I went to make dinner I found half of what I needed was missing. I had to go to the store. Dinner ended up being later than usual.
She pitched forward and landed on her leg. A huge gash opened on her knee! Ava had to rush to the hospital for stitches.
She found her sister's old oboe that she no longer used. Beth decided to pawn the oboe. When her sister found out it was gone she was very upset with Beth.
When he got his seat on the train, he fell asleep. When he awoke, the trip was over and he felt like he missed something. On the return trip, Max made sure he stayed awake.
I went to the kitchen to cook something. I found a package of broccoli & beef to cook. I made the meal and enjoyed it.
The only costumes left were childish, but Becky insisted. Becky dropped her daughter off at the party. Then she waited at home, expecting the worst.
While she sat on the sand, a little girl started crying. Isobel went up to her and saw she had been stung by a jellyfish. Isobel put an ointment on the girl's foot and saved the day!
He found him through social media. Shane agreed to meet with him. They had lunch and it was awkward but cathartic.
Running the water, I knew it was going to be relaxing. I filled the tub with bubbles. It was perfect!
His favorite was a cardboard puzzle. The puzzle didn't fit into the poppers. Dill got to keep all of the cardboard puzzles for himself.
She laid out on the sand. But then she dozed off! Eva woke with a terrible sunburn.
But when he started to do research, he saw sad images of the slum. Pat decided to never complain again. And he decided to finish his homework.
The coffee was made with irish creme, and caramel as he had asked. Angrily, Adam went to the counter and demanded his coffee. The barista informed him he had taken another customer's drink.
Reese was worried the scratch was infected. Reese went to the doctors to check it out. The scratches were not infected.
When he graduated high school, he went to college to study computers. Joe studied hard everyday. Joe graduated top in his class.
She decided she didn't want to be married to Gavin anymore. They divorced. Now Gwen is in a relationship with Blake.
Finally, he decided enough was enough. He took the books back and paid the fees. It felt good to have everything in good standing.
Rex explained the game and told everyone to go easy. Alex won the whole pot within an hour, shocking everyone but himself. Alex had really been training for Year's to pull of his biggest bluff.
This Christmas she also made banana pudding. All her children help with the cleanup and dishes. Then everyone opens their gifts and relax the rest of the day!
She ran as quickly as she could to school. She was still late. That was the first time she ever got in trouble at school.
Finally Amanda turned and told them to shush up! The kids goggled at her, stunned and offended. But from then on, they were utterly silent!
He called the vet who prescribed the dog some medication. Sam gave him the dog the medication. A few day later his dog stopped scratching.
He pumped up the mattress and taped some oars on to the side. Rick tossed it in the lake and jumped on. He sailed into the center and felt at peace.
In the inside cover there was a message. The message said to avoid this book at all costs. Garry was too interested to adhere to the warning.
The day came and the other bands were amazing. We were all holding our breath when they announced the winners. We were shocked and ecstatic when we realized we won first place!
He practiced asking her out over and over. Finally he approached her and asked for his date. To his joy, she eagerly agreed!
Hannah was scared. She had the teacher hide her lunch until it was time to eat. The bully never stole Hannah's lunch.
A bear came out of the woods and looked at him. Pat was afraid but suspected the bear was gentle. The bear just growled and wandered off.
Michael went to the Vet to see what was wrong. The dog went through surgery as a result. Michael and his dog were happy again.
She dabbed her wet nose to mine. When I opened my eyes she started to purr. I went and filled up her food bowl.
Harmony noted how dapper Ron looked. The old friends shared a quiet cup of tea. They sipped their drinks and watched the storm rage outside the cafe.
He decided to make t-shirts instead. The t-shirts looked amazing. He successfully sold many t-shirts for his business.
The program took place in Prague. She went to Prague to participate in the program. It was a very good experience.
Meg was shocked Lucy didn't go to church with her parents. Meg invited Lucy to come over to her house to learn more about God. Lucy gladly agreed, happy to have made a new friend.
My friend stole all my clothes to celebrate the holiday. It was so funny, but at the same time, I had no clothes! After a few hours, he finally gave them back.
They decided to buy a house together. After lots of searching, the found the perfect house. They're so glad they moved in together.
His mom called him in sick to school. He stayed in bed and watched cartoons all day. At night his mom prepared him some chicken noodle soup.
The sales lady asked what she liked, and they tried several gowns. Nothing really popped, and the sales lady brought out one more dress. Erin felt like a queen in the beautiful gown, and the Dress was found.
At the bar, I ordered a gin and tonic. She laughed at me and said that drink was for women. This made me realize how shallow she was so I dumped her.
Picture after picture showed how amazing the African continent was. Ken resolved he'd one day visit it. He grew up to be a world renown archaeologist.
We were seated in a dark room that had the rose in the glass. Every so often a petal would fall from the rose. It was a great meal and a great experience for us all.
Finally their laughter began to fade. And Gina could finally get up. She lifted her face to see her friends shoes in front of her.
She called out for her mom urgently. Her mom rushed in and comforted her. Soon Sally was able to drift back off to sleep.
When he arrived at his hotel room he realized his hands were freezing! Jake knew he needed gloves and walked to the drugstore. When he arrived he found a free promotion giving away gloves!
She found a shirt she loved but it was a little expensive. She decided to buy it anyway. At the register, Zoe was thrilled to discover it was on clearance!
But the person he was picking on didn't want to take it anymore. So he turned around and slapped Rick right in the face. Rick had never been assaulted by a woman before!
Then, she got distracted reading a book. Soon, she began smelling a burning smell. She checked on the rolls and saw that they were burnt.
William and Isaac kicked a soccer ball together. They began to get tired. They both went back inside Isaac's house.
However Tyler only cared about one thing. He wanted to try those hotdogs they sold at the ballpark. Once he got his hotdog, he was happy.
I stood in line for over three hours. By the time I got to the front, it was too late. My candidate won without my vote, anyway.
Shiloh had always wanted a brother and felt lucky to have three. Sisters, however, were not his favorite. He often wished he could send his sisters to India permanently.
Karen began writing about what she ate that morning. However, she couldn't remember much else. Karen scrapped the idea and decided it was boring anyways.
He began a full sprint to the edge and then jumped. He yanked a cord and the parachute opened. Bill drifted slowly to the ground.
The cat became very tame and friendly from all the attention. Aaron decided to participate in a cat show. His cat won a silver medal.
He tried to cram during lunch so that he would understand some of it. When he got to class a stranger came in and stood up front. She said his teacher was out sick so the test was canceled!
He noticed he spent thirty dollars a week on fake pot. Plus he spent fifteen dollars a week on cigars. Charles was shocked, he was smoking up two hundred bucks per month.
The school bus stopped in front of the parents. The doors opened. All the school children got off of the bus and hugged their parents.
She took a bite of her fries. They were too salty! She got a refund by going back to the restaurant.
Gene met with a few realtors and went over his options. He decided to rent an expensive apartment the other side of town. He loved the view from his balcony and was much happier.
He was enamored by the vibrant and unique cultures. He deeply appreciated the unique ways of life and value systems. He decided to travel the world shortly after this experience.
He went to the post office to buy 50 stamps. The post office worker asked about the purpose of the stamps. Mitch told him about the party and gave him the first invite.
He was temporarily paralyzed and couldn't move. The lifeguard had to dive in the water to rescue him. He sprayed a healing agent on Harry's leg.
She didn't know what to do without her husband there. She decided to get a bowl to trap the mouse underneath. The mouse stayed trapped under the bowl all day until her husband came
They played many games in the water. Then they took a break and ate. Sam had so much fun.
But Lucy hadn't seen grandpa all day. At 5 PM he finally returned home. Lucy was pleased to see grandpa had brought her an Easy Bake Oven.
Alas, the data set was not normalized so my algorithm failed. I decided to try a bootstrap simulation instead. The bootstrap simulation worked great!
Lagertha refused, and went outside to play with her friends. When she returned at dusk, there was candy and roast lamb to eat. Her mother forbid her to have any though, and sent her to her room.
We got pretty drunk. We decided to keep partying. Eventually, I was able to get some of their numbers.
When she got to the rink she out on the skates. She realized she was wearing two right skates. But she still ended up skating.
The windows of his car vibrated violently. A police officer pulled him over for the loud music. He was issued a ticket for disrupting the general public.
She did not think he could swim. But to her shock, he paddled and swam excellently! Anna finally knew where the term Dog Paddle came from!
They asked lots of great questions and got to see the machines. At the end, they all got a piece of candy. It was the best field trip they'd ever taken!
They finally relented and got me one for my birthday. I took one ride and broke my arm after crashing into a tree. I had my parents sell my dirt bike and never rode one again.
He saw an ad for a drummer on craigslist. He decided to try out with great effort. Larry was able to join.
Then she realized that she was completely snowed in. She hoped it would melt soon. Luckily it did melt by the next day.
He had to get a gift for his mom for mother's day however. He decided to go to a big mall. Arnold almost fainted.
He bought lots of groceries and extra food too! When he got home, he realized that he didn't buy everything he needed. From that day on, Hank made sure to write a grocery list.
Al joked it would be cool if there were a genie inside. Billy knew that was impossible but he bought it anyway. There was no genie, but it looked good on this desk.
Dan decided he wanted to "spin the car out really slowly", for fun. Of course, the car got stuck in the snow. We all had to dig it out, but we all had a good laugh.
She sat through most of the rides with a neutral expression. By the time a few hours had past, she started to enjoy herself. When they went home, she secretly felt a bit ashamed.
Many years later she realized what a big mistake she had made. She begged for George to take her back. George accepted her apology and they were happily remarried.
He decided to bring them to a prospector. His rocks turned out to be diamonds! Roy sold them and became rich beyond his dreams!
In Washington at a hole in the wall club he met the girl of his dream. Soon after, all of his songs became about her. But, she never knew, and he died loving her just as much as ever.
After a month, she started seeing progress. She ended up adopting the lifestyle. Now she's one of the most fit people I know.
Sally didn't remember any emails. She went to check her inbox. Then, she realized that she had never noticed the email.
She took out 23 cents to pay for her stamp. The clerk told her that the price has gone up in the last 20 Years. Ruth was shocked and dug around in her pockets for more money.
As they neared the airport the instructor killed the engine. Steve made an emergency landing on the runway. Steve passed the test and could now fly solo.
Until one Saturday she was too sad to drink. Her friend Peggy came over and cheered her up. They then went out for drinks.
One day a car ran an intersection and hit him. He was alright but the Escort was totalled. He did not get much insurance as the car was very old.
Beth sweated as she struggled to keep up with the class. Her body seemed not to want to follow along. Beth walked out mid class and never tried yoga again.
Next, Jane tried the roller coaster, but it scared her too much. Jane was worried she wouldn't find anything fun to do. But Jane finally tried the pirate ship, and she enjoyed the carnival.
The sun blinded him and blistered his skin. He cried out upon seeing a dried stream bed. For there was a gas station right next to it.
They got excited, expecting big fish. Then, Meg felt her pole jerk from her grasp. Her brother had reeled in their tangled lines.
His copy-editing was bad and usually had to be redone. His original content was enthusiastic, but not rigorous enough. Dolph decided he could help best by quitting.
He filled out the online application. The website said he was approved and his card was on the way. Three weeks later, the credit card hadn't shown up.
One of her friends told her that it was shut down yesterday. Someone bought them out and is opening a store in it's place. Cindy now has to find a new Greek restaurant to eat at.
He called 911. The police arrived. The man was arrested for domestic violence.
She spent days shopping, setting up, and preparing When the night came, many guests showed up Every had a wonderful time in their costumes
He buys a good fishing pole and some bait. On his first day fishing, he catches a delicious swordfish. Mike is very happy that he has a good outdoor hobby.
When he got there he was assigned a seat. It was right next to his friend Joe. He felt lucky to have a seat next to someone he knew.
Last month he paid his rent twenty dollars short. The landlord complained, even the the twenty paid for his Internet. So the landlord shut off the Internet until Charles paid his twenty.
After getting my items, I went to the cashier. I was checked out fairly fast! Now all I need to do is cook it all!
We found a sports car in our price range. I called my father, but he wanted a slightly lower price. I was furious, but the salesman gave in and I felt bad.
He knocked over a stack of papers and tripped to the ground. He lay there for a while and contemplated not getting up. Sam got up and kicked the papers around even more.
There, he admired all the sights and sounds. Belfast was huge and busy! He decided it was his favorite Irish city!
He spent an hour, searching for things he can make. He ended up giving up. He made cereal.
Adam then turns on the movie for the kids. I text Ginnie to tell her we our on our way. When we reach our destination my step-daughter is there waiting on us.
She was able to retrieve the grasshopper from the water. She spent the next few minutes gently blowing on it. Eventually the grasshopper stirred, stood up, and hopped away.
She asked him to shave it. He said yes. She shaved his back.
She realized that she did not have her train ticket! She ran home from the station to find the ticket. By the time she got back to the station, the train had left.
Her mother made her sit and eat all her lunch before she got up. Amy took a long time eating the nasty food on her plate. Finally after an hours he finished and was allowed to leave.
She sat through the opening session, rapt with attention. By the end of the day, her head was full of great ideas. She went back to her hotel room to rest for the next day's conference.
It had an address on it that wasn't that far. He drove to the address and knocked on the door. The suitcase owner was ecstatic and gave him a monetary award
At school, Charles asked Deana out on a date. They became a couple and had a son. Their son is twenty and now Tony is asking Deana for a date.
He knew someone at school who had the game he want. And he was invited to the person's house to play it. Before Kevin went home, he stole the video game.
He decided to read a bedtime story to Jimmy. After a few minutes, he went to sleep. His father placed him inside of his crib.
Billy couldn't get a better paying job because he didn't have a car. He saved for nine months, until he had enough money for a car. Now that he has a new car and a new job.
The janitor told us that the place is closed for today. However, Pedro proposed that we should get something to eat. Therefore, I drove everyone to a nearby restaurant.
When Eric got home, he realized he forgot to buy taco shells. Eric didn't have enough time to get back to the store before closing. He decided to make a taco salad instead.
Kodi would scratch everything and make a mess. Kodi was sent to training school for a week. When she came back, Kodi rarely made another mess.
In prison, Uki decided to become a better person. He used the prison library to get his diploma. When Yuki was released from Prison, he was a better and moral person.
We lit the firecracker and threw it away from us. We waited but the firecracker never went off. As soon as we approached it, it blew up in a very violent inferno.
She spent all night long cramming material that would be on the exam. When Audrey got to class the next morning, no one was there. She had forgotten the right day of the exam and studied for nothing!
For two weeks, she cut out carbohydrates. It was very difficult but she lost sixteen pounds. The diet was so restrictive, she went off of it after two weeks.
She took the piece of paper, smiled, and put it in her purse. Two minutes ago I received Wilma's eMail. I just wrote back and we're both happy to be in contact again!
She was going to put those ghosts to rest, today, once and for all. Trish climbed the flimsy pull-down attic stairs. Laughing in relief, she closed the attic window and secured the chain.
When she walked in the house, she had a surprise. Her husband had fixed dinner! She was able to sit down and relax for once.
She concocted a plan to work from home making crafts. She took the risk and was successful! Becca has not been happier with her life and new job.
She got in her car and drove there. Then, she put her books in the drop box. Then she went home.
Even so, Sam had to buy a new car. Sam went to the dealership. Sam fell in love with a red convertible car.
Jack wanted to continue his performing career. He found a local performing group in his town and auditioned. To his surprise, he was given a part in their upcoming play.
He wouldn't use it for weeks. One day he walked to the pot and used it. Jane grabbed Jim and danced while he smiled.
To appease her, he went on modeling calls and hated it. She insisted he go on more calls, even though he hates it. He decided to break up with her and keep doing construction.
Seth's Mints were more mild than those of the competition. Seth carved out a niche in the market. Seth lived comfortably on his mint money.
He was stuck in traffic. He had to call the cops. The cops arrived and helped him.
When I got to his office he told me to sit down. i sat in the chair and looked at him. He told me I have bad news today, Riven passed away.
Liz received a call late that night that her child was in an accident. A drunk driver hit the car her child was in. Liz made it her life's mission to fight against drunk driving.
But Pam clumsily spilled coffee on her skirt. She did not want to look stupid in front of David. So she blamed the coffee shop for her cup having a broken lid.
Grabbing her purse, Jordyn ran to her car and drove to the petstore. At the petstore they had so many colorful fish to chose from! The lady at the store helped her find the perfect new fish.
He ordered a pizza with mushrooms and olives. When he received his pizza, it only had olives. Billy decided that he would not call that pizza restaurant again.
Gina was the only one awake. Her dad didn't want her to wake her mother. The next morning she relayed his message to her.
I don't normally pay too much attention to them in the colder months. I painted them a bright red. They are gorgeous, and no one will even see them.
After spending a long time working, people began to gather around. The sand statue began to look really good when a large wave came in. The wave destroyed the statue and Chris went back home.
Her lessons paid off when she signed up for Juilliard. She received a letter of acceptance to the school. Jean knew her life had just begun.
After many years she decided she was ready. She set up her gear and began playing in a subway station. She kept playing as everyone walked by without noticing her.
It was his favorite meal so he was willing to sit through sports. He had waited in line twenty minutes when they tell him they're out. He then had to sit through the whole game, starving and miserable.
He walked around the capital city, impressed. The buildings were huge and imposing. Nairobi was a very developed city!
She freaks out and pulls one of the school's panic lights. The 50 year old man identifies himself as campus security. Gina is embarrassed but relieved.
I thought the service was bad so I didn't tip. The waiter shouted at me for not tipping. I felt bad and decided to give him two dollars.
He managed to earn better grades on his assignment. He also sacrificed a day of working to study for his final exam. The teacher gave him an A in the class.
His friend bet him that he was wrong. A small group watched on tv as the batter struck out. His friend laughed as Giorgio payed him his winnings.
Another is a bridge camera. Both cameras have shutter lag and slow flash recharging. We bought a newer, faster camera this week.
A man saw Bill's flat tire and stopped his car. The driver offered to drive Bill to school. Bill made it to school on time.
The only problem was that he was nervous. He picked a day to meet her. Thankfully she said yes.
He rode on the bus and arrived at school. He looked around at the other kids and felt more at ease. Ted made friends fast that first day and enjoyed the school year.
Eventually, they reached a big canyon where they heard a weird noise. They looked down and saw an injured woman and ran to her aid. The woman had broken her leg, and Fred called for help for her.
One day, Lary's dog ran into his room! His dog was clumsy and began wagging his tail, smashing the Legos! Lary was furious at his dog for destroying his creations.
A kind stranger picked it up for him. They began talking. They exchanged information and became great friends.
Roy took out a pitcher and filled it to the top. He forgot to add ice so it was warm. Roy took the pitcher, two cups and some loose ice to Jim.
He called up a local comedy club and managed to book a spot. He went on stage and did his act. Nobody thought he was funny.
After the movie, they played some video games in the lobby. They got some more candy at the counter. They drove home.
Gina hoped it would upset the boy. But it just made him more aggressive and annoying. Gina realized she had made a terrible mistake.
When the results came back, luckily Fred was totally fine. Fred felt a sigh of relief and felt so much better after that. When Fred left the doctors, he went to town to get ice cream.
Lily found some shells in the water. She went further out to find some more. Lily got knocked down by a large wave that came up to the shore.
He dropped his wife off at the restaurant entrance and kept looking. He finally saw an empty stall but another car got there first. He gave up and decided to pay for valet parking.
Everyday for 4 weeks she checked the mail. Finally after 5 weeks the license arrived. Although she hated the photo, Kay was happy to be a licensed driver.
Her co-workers looked shocked when they learned where Vera shopped. They told Vera the stuff was cast-off and fit only for bums. Vera knew where she would buy her co-workers' gifts from now on.
He failed one of his classes. Patty was mad. She punished him.
Unfortunately, he started to feel very sick. He ended up throwing up. By the time he got out of the restroom, the ride was over.
She practiced her talent every day. She worked on her swimsuit competition. When the local pageant came, Lori won a title.
One guy finally did see the goat's face and that he only had one eye. The man ran as fast as he could to tell people. Soon everyone came to see the goat with only one eye.
She was determined to be valedictorian. When she became a senior, she still had that goal. At graduation, she met her goal and presented her speech.
But on his birthday, he got a PS3 game instead. The next day, Ray returned the game. But it did not give him enough money to buy what he wanted.
She spent the next four days in her cabin, sick. When she finally got better, there were only two more days left. Linda decided that cruises were not for her.
She began coughing, and couldn't stop. She doubled over, trailing ropes of mucus from her mouth. Eventually she coughed her pants off and had to be hospitalized.
While they were drinking, men in masks showed up with guns. The tourists were held hostage as they were all robbed. After the money was taken, the robbers ran off and the couple left.
She heard a knock on the door. And her neighbor's offered her food. Gina refused it and told them to be quiet.
So I bought a fancy travel case to make sure it would be safe. I packed my bike with care in the new case and brought it on the plane My bike arrived safely at my new home but I have yet to ride it here.
I went to a French bistro and spoke entirely in French. The waiter was impressed with me. He told me that he couldn't speak french but thought I sounded good.
She explained that the egg could be made in the microwave. Christina was amazed that the eggs came out well like that. From then on, she microwaved her eggs.
Then a friend told her to freeze fruits and yogurt to snack on. The treats were still cold and sweet, but much healthier. By the end of summer, Eva had lost eleven pounds!
Each of them had a stick with a marshmallow cooking over the flame. They toasted them carefully to make sure they didn't get burned. When they were perfect, they took them off and ate them.
Micah went back to the stall where he bought them. The lady denied seeing him before. Micah flipped out and knocked off all the sandals from the stall.
The psychic slowly told her things that were true and recent. The psychic even told her about her friend that was staying with her. Jenna still thought the woman psychic was informed  before her call.
He marked it "Public" so all his friends could see it. Later, he went back to check on his post. Over a hundred people had liked his picture!
In addition, he tried to drive around her when she got out of the bus. Hannah was furious and threatened him. As soon as she started to call the cops, he left.
Mine always looked splotchy and unrealistic. On the other hand, I loved painting landscapes. I paint humanless landscapes all the time now.
But my boss called me in anyway. I almost slid off the road trying to get there. When I arrived my boss wasn't even there.
He found a matching shirt for each shirt. He then did the same things for pants. Frank tried on each outfit before he bought it.
The phone stopped working and the screen went black! Joey realized that the battery was dead. He plugged it in and it worked once again.
Fearfully, trembling, they kissed for the first time. That kiss led to dating and marriage. Carl and his wife look back on their first kiss fondly.
The doctors ran a bunch of tests on Bob. They determined that Bob was merely having some serious heartburn. Bob felt both embarrassed and relieved.
She feared the public school children would be mean and taunt her. But she soon found that she needn't have worried. Sylvia made many new friends on her very first day!
On the day of tryouts he did a terrible job. He didn't get on the team and was humiliated. He later realized that his brothers were too young to play soccer.
Suddenly he slipped in the water. He fell hard on his stomach. Kacie took him out of the shower and made sure he was okay.
We were on our way to a nice restaurant. She got a phone call from work. We had to cancel dinner so she could go into work,
Suddenly, she smelled something burning. The pizza was burnt. Sylvia had to make it up out of her paycheck.
There were a lot of people there. It was always too crowded. Jake eventually had to change to another gym.
He could stay upside down for as long as he chose. It was tragic when he lost one of his hands. Now Stan is more impressive doing one handed hand stands.
It just so happened he logged onto Facebook to see an ad for a pound. A dog named Grump was going to be put down that day. Sam has a new best friend named Grump, you should meet him.
Niko thinks the book is a fake. An expert Niko trusts confirms it's fake. Niko doesn't buy the book.
It's becoming extremely unhealthy for me. My buddy has me on a diet plan to cut down my calorie intake. I've been on it for two weeks and I feel good.
I decided to paint an old memory of the city. I painted the lights and buildings. It didn't turn out very well, but I kept it anyway.
Suddenly his face fell as he felt an instant need for a toilet. In the bathroom, the toilet was broke but there was a cat box. Jordan went back to his table looking like the cat that ate the canary.
Everyone seemed to reject him, no matter what he did. Sean did the best job he possibly could, though. To his amazement, his work passed the muster, and he felt relieved.
She walked into her room and saw her toddler. He was trying to sneak her cell phone out. She scolded him and he ran out of the room.
He thought nobody would speak to him. Then he went to school and everyone was kind to him. He saw that he had been afraid for no reason!
He did well on his written test! Then he had his driving test. He passed the test with flying colors!
It was too watery. He decided to add a bit of milk. Luckily that was enough to make it creamier.
They hit a big wave and Jackson slipped. He fell into the water below. Luckily his family was able to save him.
He went into the shed and cleared out all of the trash. He rearranged the shed to make more room. The shed was now clean.
She has her daughters sing Happy Birthday. This year she stopped, as both daughters are in college. Nobody missed the tradition.
She decided to swing off the cliff and into the water. Sadly, her foot got caught in the rope. Instead of going into the water, she went to the hospital.
Steven finally grabbed his lunch box as he walked out the door. Just as he turned the corner, he saw the back of the bus pull away. He had to go back home and tell his mom he missed the bus again.
She told me to wait for a few minutes until the doctor is available. I ended up waiting for an hour. Eventually, I fell asleep in the waiting room.
During his training, he got very bad motion sickness. Tyler realized his dreams would never be realized. Luckily he was able to keep a good job with NASA anyway.
After dinner, they went for a walk together. Louis kissed Ashley while they were walking. Ashley was very happy that Louis kissed her!
I called a restaurant and they said they have it. I was relieved but still have to go all the way over there to get it. They refused to mail it for safety reasons.
Kenden got lots of presents. Kenden got to eat a big piece of cake by himself and made a mess. Kenden had a great first birthday, he was very happy.
When Fred reached under the bed, he found something else. He found a dirty magazine. Fred didn't leave the house on time.
They could barely get out of the house. They just waited for the power to come back and the roads to be plowed It was the craziest thing they have ever seen.
The doctor told him he was having an anxiety attack. Alex then knew he had to work on his anxiety problems. Alex is better since he goes to therapy.
One night, a raccoon sneaked into the coop. The raccoon killed every single chicken. Now Jan and Rob have to buy less tasty eggs at the store.
They hit it off and began writing letters all that year. By the next year, things were getting serious between them. My grandpa proposed to her on Halloween that year.
He bumped into a man, who rudely told him that his feet smelled awful. Bob was insulted, but a little concerned. He wondered how long he had this problem for.
She looked up after the food was in the bowl and she saw Snuggles. He had impeccable timing, only showing up the moment food was ready. She petted him behind the ears as he ate.
He practiced hanging from the ceiling. It hurt very much. Finally he was good enough for the circus.
I began to cry. He told me not to worry because he was in stage one. Luckily, he survived and beat the cancer!
Then heated it all up. Then poured it on a big slab. It was some of the best fudge ever.
When the tech looked, the baby was in a weird position. He was curled up and his anatomy wasn't visible. Mark and Jenni weren't able to find out the gender that day.
The server took out the food. Danny also asked for a couple of hot sauce packets. Instead of hot sauce, the server put mayonnaise into the bag with food.
A company hired him as an opener for salespeople. After three weeks Charles was fired for not enough sales. Charles said the termination wasn't fair and he lost his bank account.
I ended up insulting her for being so annoying and uncooperative. She got super upset and started yelling at me to defend herself. She ended up calling my boss and I was written up the next day.
He got the shovel off the porch. Bjorn shoveled the snow off the walkway. He then walked to school down the cleared walkway.
He learned fast. He actually wound up winning. Kevin considered it beginner's luck.
She mixed a cake and slid it in the oven. Lucy had no idea a light bulb would take so long to cook a cake. Finally, after 90 minutes her and grandpa shared the cake she cooked.
I had never slept in an empty house, all on my own! I was scared of every sound I heard, and often checked my locks. The next morning, I knew I needed a pet for some company!
That's ok, we said. We'll just work through it. After a long, soggy day, everything was finished.
The morning of the banquet I realized I didn't want to go. I made an excuse. My friends found out and were angry at me.
He decided to sneak up and scare him. He crept up and grabbed his friend from behind. Allen felt terrible when he realized he'd grabbed a stranger.
They were from my teenage years. Going through them brought back so many memories. I boxed them back up and decided to keep them.
The next day someone stole them. Jim was mad. The thief ended up feeling bad and returning the shoes.
Finally Juanita decided to learn how to ride a bike. She practiced every day until she was a bike riding expert. Juanita was so happy that she eventually learned to bike.
A man from the crowd walked behind him. In addition, he took Henry's wallet from his pocket. He notice until he needed to buy something and searched for it.
The bully pushes Cade down every time they go to class. Finally, Cade decides to push the bully back. Now Cade needs to run extra fast to get away from the bully.
We panned five buckets worth of material. We found almost a quarter ounce of gold. We planned all summer in our new productive location.
She dug through all her mom's books. She asked her aunt. She finally found it and was able to make the cobbler.
He always pulled them up when he walked. One day he bought a new belt. He never had trouble with his pants again.
Someone walked by and asked Mike if he had somewhere to stay. He said no, so the person offered to take him in. Mike wouldn't have to be out in the cold anymore.
I was starting to get bored of watching dogs run around. I decided that it was time to leave the dog park. My dog whined when we left.
When the teacher asked for the homework, I searched by book bag. I couldn't find it although I placed it there last night. Later that day, my mom told me that she moved it.
He argued that what books were turned in on time. She decided not to change her mind. As a result, Ben left regardless what she said.
Clay ran in the direction of this balloon that was descending. After a half mile chase it was within his reach. Clay dove at the balloon and held it tight.
Ben would often take in stray animals and nurse them to health. He decided to attend veterinary school and graduated. Ben now owns the biggest animal hospital.
Then she decided to get him a fancy new tie. On Christmas she happily handed her dad his gift. He told Claire it was the nicest tie he'd ever owned!
This summer he decides to learn how to swim. He practices hard every day for the whole summer. Timmy is proud now that he can swim.
He found out that the president preferred Pepsi to Coke. The spy sold this info to Pepsi for millions. He gave up on spying for Russia and is a spy for Pepsi.
She had finished all of her work and was presenting the project today. As she shared, the kids began to tease her for her song choice. Ruth was mortified and didn't finish the presentation.
He agreed. They both went and had a wonderful time. Sara and Andy have been seeing a lot of each other lately.
The baby smiled and cooed. The baby walked by herself. The baby won the pageant.
But he kept jumping all around the yard. The rope was slowly coming a loose. The dog easily pulled himself free from the rope.
But she was caught. Sarah got in front of the class and read the note. Mr Ben's surprise party was ruined.
They looked online to get ideas for couples. They eventually decided on something they thought would work. They decided they would be Mary Poppins and Bert.
He particularly enjoyed one piece. He saw a woman admiring the same piece. They got to chatting and became good friends.
But he had to go to basketball practice first. He had no time to take a shower after practice. And his friend told him to leave.
He wrote down notes on different reviews and prices. When he got to the dealership he was able to make a smart choice. Now Greg has a new car and feels proud driving it.
Bill decided to get a hat to block out the sun. He looked at sombreros and baseball caps. Eventually Bill chose a large cowboy hat.
He was short on cash and decided to open a store. A week later, Brad's Balls was born! Brad has been selling his balls successfully for months now!
She didn't want to eat what her mother cooked for lunch. Amy was hungry but there was nothing good to eat at home. Amy went and had lunch at her friend's house.
She spent the whole day reading. She fell in love with the story. When she finally finished, she felt sad it was over.
The waiter lost control and the soup went over the railing. The soup fell through the atrium and hit the ground. The bowl smashed and many were hurt by the soup.
He took out his camera and held it at arm's length. A sudden wave hit the boat and rocked the man. He was able to hold his camera but screwed up the picture.
When they met their teacher at church her name was Noah. They thought that was really funny. Now they call her Girl Noa to distinguish her from their brother.
He asked friends for recommendations. He searched the internet for the best works of literature. He bought many great books and added them to his collection.
Rose didn't feel the same. A scorned Juliet told everyone they'd acted on their love, anyway. Rose lost her job, and can't teach anywhere now.
Then, she thought to prank them. When they were there, she pretended that she was pregnant. They all freaked out until she revealed the truth.
They tried to keep their relationship going. Unfortunately there were too many obstacles. They both ended it on ok terms.
But, Dan's doctor said he could play after four weeks of rest. So, Dan rested impatiently and waited for four weeks. Finally, Dan could play football again!
She knew her time was near. She promised she would look after me in heaven. She died in her sleep.
She scrapes her hands and needs a bandage. Her friends help clean her up. They decide to cancel the party and comfort Larissa.
Just three weeks later the PS4 breaks. The store won't exchange it the PS4 for him. So he has to send it in to Sony and wait two weeks to get it back.
I was blinded by the amount of tents and activities set up. My teacher continued to direct us. We ended up in a green tent with several tables with food.
I was so freaked out, I ran to my kitchen and opened the freezer. I breathed a sigh of absolute relief. She was still there, where I'd left her.
It had been an hour and he was still asleep. Lucy knew she would be in trouble if she woke him up. She decided it would be better to wait than get in trouble.
Karen decided to buy him a pair of slippers! She searched until she found the warmest pair available. Her boyfriend was so grateful for his warm fuzzy slippers!
I reached in the over to check the pan. I completely forgot how hot the pan was. I burned my whole hand.
Annie told the librarian the book was lost. The librarian said she couldn't borrow another book, then. Annie went home and put the book in her bag to return it.
He came across a gas station ten miles away and got a ride back. When he returned, his car couldn't be found. Got to Austin, but had to take a plane.
If he was still sick, his mom would not let him go! Then he began to feel better. By the night of the dance, he was well again!
Ali had no idea why the girl threw the sand. She was hurt, and confused by the act. Ali's friend June decided to tell a teacher about the incident.
The book was a novel that was a hardcover. He searched everywhere in his house. Finally he remembered he left the book at a friend's house.
Amanda decided she needed to find a way to pay for it. She asked her future instructor what she could do. The instructor told her to work at the barn and she could get lessons.
Typically it takes me about a half hour to cook. When I am done I pour it over pasta. The taste is always delicious.
The wall had wet paint on it that she didn't see. When she got up she was covered in paint. Jen left to go home and change.
They walked out to the breaker. Sarah was afraid to touch it so Sean flipped the switch. Luckily, the lights came back on.
When she went in to get a final touch her brother kicked it over. She saw it and was furious. They got into a big fight and haven't talked in weeks.
Pat told Kelly that swallowing a drink upside down got rid of hiccups. Kelly took a drink of water and swallowed it upside down. Kelly's hiccups went away.
Normally she was the center of attention, but now her sisters were. She told the photographer to only take photos of her and no one else, This created tension between the sisters.
Now Sam works as a fireman and paramedic. His family is so proud of who he has become. The Army made a man out of Sam.
Jason downloads a French language tutorial program to his phone. He uses the tutorial every day to learn French. When he arrives in France Jason is able to speak some French.
All of a sudden screams are heard from all directions. Everyone runs but there is no where to go. It's a sad ending to what started as a regular day.
She would then sneak the key to the grocery store. There they would make a copy for her. She knew it was risky, but it was the best plan.
His favorite is lollipops. He also likes snickers and bars. He needs to go check his teeth at the dentist though.
The two met up at the new restaurant. The two ordered the same dish and loved it. Thankfully the date went well.
In the mirror was a message. The told him he had a 30 second memory and to remember that. After he read the mirror he finished his hair and forgot about it.
Instead he purchased glue, sand and paper. He made his own sandpaper that out performed the store's. Jay sold his extra sandpaper to the store at a great profit.
Her last boyfriend cheated on her. Juli is overweight and has low self esteem. We are all worried about her.
My son suggested asking the neighbor for an egg. He went next door and got an egg. Thanks to her generosity, we were able to finish making the cookies.
Ana bent to help her grandma collect the peas. Then they sat together shelling the peas and chatting. Ana had a good time visiting and helping her grandma.
He tried kicking his legs. Nothing made him fly. He decided to get on a plane to fly.
It was making both of them upset. As a result, the two decided to call it quits. Rebecca decided to just be single.
All of the sudden, she heard a loud crack. A rock had flown out of the truck and hit her windshield. Mary was very sad that she would have to pay for a repair.
Then, Mary wheeled her cart to the cashier. A line grew behind her as the cashier slowly rang up her sales. When Mary handed over the stack of coupons, the line groaned.
She hauled the rubbish bin outside and scrubbed it. Then she rinsed it out with strong bleach. When Anna brought it in, the smell was finally gone!
A couple of days later, Charles was hired as a reporter. But he needed reliable transportation. He grabbed a financing offer, he thought was fake, and got a new car.
Audrey had the battery tested. Audrey had the alternator tested. It turned out to be the starter.
The Bread Boy went to the hardware shop for paint. He purchased 4 gallons of bright yellow paint. He tried to pay for it in bread, but was ultimately refused.
But they never invited him on trips. He was about to buy a fishing pole for himself. But then didn't when he realized how sad it was.
Joey clung to his mom as they went through the haunted house. He was so relieved when he finally saw the exit door. Outside, a man with a chainsaw was waiting to give one last fright.
She went around the neighborhood and filled up her bag with candy. When her bag reached the brim, it tore and all her candy spilled. Mary's mother picked up the candy for her.
But then her crush Tom asked her on a date. He said he thought her height was cute and dainty! Ellen was so happy!
After lunch Melly drove to the store. Melly placed each item from her list in her basket. After she paid, Melly took her items home.
A yellow balloon rose off in the distance. Fred adjusted his arm towards the balloon. He fired off a round and the balloon popped!
Fred looked for him for an hour. After that, fred just drove back home. James called the cops for a way back
His friends encouraged him to forget it and move on. However, Javier was determined to find his flute. He returned to California and found his lost flute.
One day his mom asked if he was going to return them for cash. James didn't realize that the cans were worth money. James now owns a recycling business.
Lou had bought a new drone last week with a HD camera. He used his drone to fly all around the property to get good pictures. Lou was given a bonus based on how exceptional his work was.
A pretty girl was on the treadmill. John lifted more weight than he ever had before. John was sore for a week afterwards!
Her teacher scolded her for being late. Claire was performing her routine when she felt a pain in her leg. Claire sprained her leg and got to go home.
Ali was unsure if she should speak or not. She was relieved when Val spoke to her first. Ali and Val had a great time talking and swinging on the swings.
Kelly started to walk away and ended up forgetting about them. To her dismay, the kitchen started smoking and cookies were ruined. After feeling irritated, Kelly decided to just buy cookies instead.
Then Dan smelled something delicious coming from a classroom. He looked inside and saw the Home Ec class had baked pies. Dan filled up by charming one of the students into sharing her pie.
Joe saw the bag boy slowly attempt to put all the food in one bag. Joe was mad as he saw the bag boy take out the food and start over. Joe snatched the bags from the bag boy and stormed out of the store.
Katie was thrilled when the skater made the Olympic team. She watched the skater's performance nervously. When her competitors skated, Katie prayed they would fall.
The videos gathered lots of views. Sarah eventually got a record contract. She became a famous singer and toured all over.
However, he could not cook them. He tried a recipe and they never came out right. Cass finally gave up.
When he got home, his son, Jake was already planting something. He wasn't planting seeds, he was planting raisins! Mike laughed, and asked Jake if he could help plant real seeds.
Gordon decided to install air-dryers in the bathrooms. The cost of the dryers was more than additional napkins would've been. Gordon's decision paid off with reduced costs in the long-term.
She went to the atm and inserted her card. The atm displayed an error message! Sam drove to the grocery store and was able to get cash back instead.
Aurelia begins by knitting a green sweater. She finds knitting a relaxing way to forget her problems. Aurelia is very happy that she found a good hobby.
However, at the party, the police was called, and Paula got arrested. Once Paula's parents picked her up, she knew she was in trouble. Even though Paula was punished for months, Paula knew she was wrong.
Someone out bid Claire and began bidding without thinking. The price soared past what she could afford. Claire had won but snuck away to avoid paying for it.
He personally recommended joining the church run soup kitchen. The next day, Carly expressed interest has become a chef there. It turns out that Steve was the head chef and accepted her offer.
She started chewing on it. When she pulled it out of her mouth she saw her tooth. The sticky candy had pulled it out for her!
She searched around for games. She purchased a racing game that was on sale for $1. Jenna played the game on her phone the entire afternoon.
She wondered if she would make friends. But camp turned out to be so much fun! Julie made tons of friends and had a great time!
They argued loudly for everyone to hear. They got in each other's faces in a heated debate. One ref punch the other and asked if that was a foul too.
They easily hooked it to the bike and started towing it home. Unfortunately, the 4-wheeler ran out of gas half way home. Tom and Mary had to carry the tree all the way back.
That is warm for a winter's day. Afterward Joe had lunch. Ieft at 2:30 and went home.
He was determined to go to church anyway. Paul got out of bed and made it to church. After coming home Paul was tired but satisfied
The baby mashed up the banana. The baby put the mashed banana in her mouth. Mommy wiped the baby's mouth.
David tries to convince the man he's senile. The pizza was truly 20 minutes late. David fails and receives no tip.
The children built many sandcastles and one year a contest was held. Many castles were built by many children, but the Johnsons won. A photo of the castle of taken and printed in a famous magazine.
He informed him that he had cancer. Mark was so upset and he called his family. Luckily they supported him.
First he worked at FedEx but had too many car accidents. Second, he was hired as a mail delivery person. He knows he'll never get rich, but he is happy with his paycheck.
Last Tuesday it was supposed to be a clear sky. I took my truck out and laid on the truck bed. It was beautiful and I stared for hours.
Katherine's dog, Zeus, wanted to play with Lucas. Caitlin, Katherine's daughter, tried to introduce Lucas to Zeus. Lucas grabbed Zeus' nose and scratched him.
He passed a red light on accident. A cop stopped him. He was late to work.
The next day, she got together with my friend. However, my friend ended up getting punched by her. He ended up with a black eye.
They were pushed around and she got her nose broken He was having too much fun to notice. She never went to another concert with him again.
He asked for work at each business on the street. He was rejected each time. No one wanted to hire him because of his pink hair.
Charles was elated and asked her out on a date. That night they went to the movies and dinner. The girl told Charles she was moving back to Vietnam in the morning.
They agreed! So Anna went to the pet store and bought herself a puppy. She was so happy with her new pet!
The second took advantage of Cyber Monday. When the compared notes, the first couple had one. They also had two black eyes and a broken thumb between them.
Daniel's brother called to ask exactly on what ship they were leaving. Daniel told his wife that his brother and his wife were joining them. Daniel's wife ended up enjoying her family vacation.
Next he called a realtor to show him homes. The realtor showed him 8 homes. Theo fell in love with one and purchased it.
After a couple days his bag was almost empty. He realized someone else had been eating his candy. He spied on his drawer and discovered his best friend was doing it!
The process took all day. But he got it done before night fell. Now his energy bill has dropped significantly.
The nurse brought her into an exam room. The nurse quickly gave her a shot in her arm. Claire got a sticker for being such a good patient.
The car was so close to Jill it startled her. She fell into some shrubbery. Jill was able to get home and clean herself up.
She had to detangle some old strings. Then, she checked which ones even worked anymore. Luckily, she managed to find enough to light her tree well.
She went up to it and asked for a popsicle. But the ice cream man didn't speak English well. Instead, he gave July a candy bar.
For that reason he flew it as fast as he could around every room. He reached the living room and flew too close to the chandelier. The copter crashed and went flying into several successful 360 spins.
During the 3rd round, the less experienced fighter was knocked down. After getting back up, the boxer began learning from his mistakes. By the end of the night, the less experienced boxer won the fight.
They made cards and a poster. And showed it to Ms R the last day of school. The sweet gift made Ms R want to teach longer.
However, Nate's mom said that she didn't have anything. Nate returned to Benny to ask if he was lying. When they met, the wallet was in his hand.
In the stroller, Jane could make out some squirming movement. She could not count the number of cute furry kittens that lay within. Jane walked away, feeling a bit of warmth in her heart.
My neighbor heard about her fears. He put stones and rocks like those in the movie by our door. My daughter was not amused.
My love was rejected, stomped on and threw to the wind. I discovered good feelings make your skin shine. Did I mention I'm glowing all the time now?
She finds a picture online of the cut she would like. The hairdresser messes up Sue's hair. Sue goes home and cries about her haircut.
The bus made a large turn and crossed a large bump. When she jumped from her seat, the phone flew out the window. It landed on the floor.
But when she went to the modeling agency, she was upset. The agents told her she could not be a model. Kya found out that she was too short to be a model!
They decided to play dice. Ben won a few games and lost a few. He had a fun afternoon playing dice.
They arrived at the bank in the early morning. Right when he was supposed to pull his gun out, he chickened out. They walked back outside and drove home.
He decided to use Yelp. He went to a greek cafe based on the Yelp recommendations. The food was terrible and he vowed to never again use Yelp.
Jim asked Jay to prove it. Jay admitted that he was dating Marla. Jim kicked Jay in the shin and called him a sell-out.
Ben gets his food and drinks ready. Ben sits down and watches the show with his girlfriend. Ben watches the show until it ends and then goes to bed.
His friends thought he was lame. Jim finally decided to go out. He failed his test the next day.
Paul was mad at his mom for it. His mom gave him a pair of headphones. Paul and his mom were both happy.
She went up to one of the vendors. She looked and handled the colorful toys. Mariana stole one of the toys while no one was looking.
He tried to correct anatomical errors he made. But his painting only became worse. When the painting was finished, Cindy was offended.
They were able to control it and he spent a few nights there. He had to continually monitor his weight. He died of a heart attack three years later.
Doesn't even like to drink juice! He will also only drink from one type of cup. He is very silly to say the least.
Roku decided to study chess and become better. Eventually he started to win more games. After a few decades he became a chess grandmaster.
He couldn't decide what he wanted to listen to. The app had suggested songs for Mike based on what he has listened to. Mike was very impressed with this feature and technology in general.
Since the pain was unbearable, she fell down. Ben tried to ask her what's wrong with her knee. She was unable to say a word since she was in pain.
Rhonda was a chef and always brought home leftovers. It had only been a week when they ran into each. They met up that night and had break up snacks all night.
One evening, rehearsal was particularly tough. She thought she might leave school because she wasn't good enough. She had a great performance with friends, so she decided to stay.
There was nothing he could do. His parents wouldn't listen. Love was totally absent from his life.
Tom also decided to start eating healthier Tom also started to only eat small meals. Tom was happy to see his waist quickly shrink.
He turned the radio on and heard that there was a flash flood warning. The baker had to wait for a few hours before he could leave. When he finally left, he was grateful to be going home.
One day a car came and smashed his orange basket. All of the oranges were destroyed. However the driver decided to buy all of the destroyed oranges.
The wheel came off and I lost control of the wagon. I landed safely in a patch of green grass. I decided that I would never race my wagon down the hill again.
She was excited for the awards banquet. Jill's coach did not call her name for the award. She was devastated.
Sam's brother liked to run around the house. Sam's brother didn't look where he was going! He ran right into Sam's tower!
Somebody took his wallet. He couldn't tell who. He was upset but did not do anything.
Once she settled in the classroom everyone was really friendly. Janice's teacher greeted everyone one by one. Janice is excited to go to school today!
Of the thirty flavors they had, I picked ten to try. I concluded that I like rum raisin the best of the ten. I decided to have two scoops of rum raisin in a cone.
Finally, his brother encouraged him to begin with small walks. James gradually worked up from small steps to a very big hike. He was so happy his brother had encouraged him to keep trying.
She perfected her jumps and planned her tryout clothes. Tryouts came and she did a great job. She had to wait until she got the phone call that she was chosen.
Anna had heard of the famous Buffalo wings. She entered a restaurant and eagerly ordered a dozen wings. When they came, Anna found them to be delicious!
The class then proceeded to play musical chairs. There were three, then two, then only one remaining participant. The winner of the musical chairs games got to take home sticker book.
The project involved making a poster with pasted pictures and text. They spent all afternoon working on the project. When they turned it in, they received the highest grade in class.
His mother said he could have a cat. John got a cat and loved the cat very much. The cat made John very happy growing up.
He spent all his free time preparing and joined ROTC. When he turned 18, Rob immediately started the process of joining. He was never happier than on the day he completed training.
The party was on a steep hill. It was a huge struggle to get up the hill. Tim thought about the awesome party and kept going to the top.
Seth works very hard to save money for a car. Finally he has enough money to buy a car. Seth is happy that he finally has a car like all his friends.
However, her mother knows this is not healthy for Jack. Tina's mother demanded she stop feeding peanuts. Jack now angry squawks at Tina for not giving peanuts.
She had hosted a baby shower and had treats left over. What a sweet girl she is to think of sharing with us. My daughter is very lucky to have found such a nice friend.
Soon she was a great cook! Then she applied for a job at a restaurant. They hired Mya right away!
He planted the seeds. After a week the seeds sprouted. It turns out that the seeds grew tomatoes.
Her mom found one online, and said she had to take care of it. Ruby took very good care of her bunny. She named her bunny Fifi.
One day he was playing a game and jumped for the ball. He landed on the side of his foot twisting his ankle. He was out for the rest of the season.
I was hired by an older women. She had a grandchild named Charlee. I was excited for my first job.
I got into the ring and fought against a person twice my size. I ended up hitting him and dodging all his blows. I was awarded a gold medal for my performance.
She was scared, but didn't run. And she was alone, so there was no reason to call for help. Gina was relieved when the dog simply lay down at her feet.
The flock of birds chased Roger to the edge of the mountain. Luckily, Roger evaded the birds before he had to jump off the cliff. Roger decided to never go back to that mountain.
Sandra tried her best to sneak away. She made it pretty far before the teachers caught her. Sandra got suspended for one week.
He asked his friend for suggestions. His friend told him about his lovely trip to Argentina the previous mo Robert decided to go to Argentina.
They played very determined to win. It was a tie game and then Timmy served the ball. The ball hit his brother in the leg to win the game!
Suddenly, Jim heard a police siren behind him and his heart sank. The officer was friendly, but he still had to write Jim a ticket. Jim learned that it never pays off to speed while driving!
It started raining before I knew it. I ran through the woods to may car. I saw trees toppling over from a tornado.
On his birthday he got a cake, but no toy truck! He tried to act happy as he went upstairs to bed that night. Then he saw, on his bed, a brand new toy truck waiting for him!
A giant orange fireball flew into the air. When it landed, it sparked a huge fire. Luckily the city was able to contain it.
I was up all night last night reading two other books for her class. Even though I play sports, I still try to do all of her homework. Tonight I have to read all three books for class.
Most of them beat Carl. The ones that didn't came close. Carl felt more humble and respectful afterward.
Her mother went to the bathroom. Amy took advantage and had the lady cut her hair into a bob. Amy's mother freaked and grounded her for a week.
She really liked one of the sports cars she test drove. When she got out she looked at the price. Rena decided she didn't need a new car after all.
Halfway down the driveway, the bag broke. Trash spilled out all over. I spent an hour cleaning it up.
He's been trying forever but balls never came his way. Today a player hit a ball. It zoomed into the stands landing in Johnny's outstretched glove.
She asked her parents if she could move back in soon. They had used her room and it was no longer available. They had to buy bunk beds so that there was room for Paige again.
Then I closed the car door. For some weird reason I slammed to door on my own hip. I hurt so stinking bad.
So he took a white sheet, fashioning a diaper. Six of his friends had the same idea. They were all babies, too, just wearing a sheet as a diaper.
Her thoughts were of him and how their eyes were locked. One day they both ran into each other at the mural. They made sure they were never apart again.
She drifted off in the pleasant heat. But when she woke, she saw that she'd forgotten her sunscreen. Eva was burned from her head to her toes!
However, everything that could go wrong did. They ran out of food and spilled a ton of water. It was overall a negative experience.
Tim didn't care. One day a car almost hit him. Tim never danced in the street again.
He looked outside and there it was. The rainbow ended right in front of his house. Sadly there was not a pot of gold.
They called inside for someone and looked out back, but saw nothing. Finally the Cashier came out of the bathroom with a sheepish grin. The three of them shared a laugh about it.
Together, they went and caught lots of fireflies. They put the fireflies in a jar which illuminated her room. Lilly isn't afraid of the dark anymore.
He took her to the movies and then to a restaurant. When they were done eating he got down on a knee and proposed. She said yes and they began to plan their wedding.
The next day, his back started hurting. He decided to stop working out for a while. He needed to let it heal.
I learned she was taking art courses. I paid her to do a painting of the pond in front of our home. She did a nice winter landscape which we proudly hung in our home.
Ray hated being awakened in the middle of the night. When Rocky didn't come back right away Ray called him. If Ray had been awake he would have noticed the bear on his porch.
Our waitress was one of the most beautiful girls that I've ever met. I flirted with her shamelessly throughout the night. When she brought the bill, she slipped me a paper with her number.
She swam freestyle and breaststroke. The coach told her she was very fast. She was offered a spot on the varsity team.
Ellie decided to introduce herself to the boy. The boy turned out to be very nice. Ellie was happy that she had made a new friend.
One day he pop one in his mouth and ate it. His mom was worried he did something horrible. It was rock candy he bought at the store.
Joe couldn't stop and stepped right on top of it. The skunk sprayed him with its foul stench. Joe managed to finish his jog before passing out in disgust.
Unfortunately when I was drinking it, I spilled some. It went on the couch. I immediately had to get stain remover.
His family drove to try and visit him. They got stuck in a blizzard on the highway. They were unfortunately unable to attend his college graduation.
A terrible fight ensued. The mistress physically got the best of Amy. Now coworker Amy is dead.
His kids started to cry as soon as they tried to go on a ride. They were afraid of the rides! Tony wasted his money and did not have fun at the amusement park.
When she used the thigh machine, Joanne split her yoga pants. Joanne asked the attendant for a towel. She wrapped the towel around her waist and fled the room.
Joe took a bus for two hours to pick up his car. He drove the car from the port and got halfway home. The car died on the road and had to be towed the rest of the way.
They didn't know how to tell the kids. Maria decided that she didn't want to get treatment. Maria lived for two more Year's.
We ordered whiskey. It was disgusting! I vowed to never drink again.
Jim decided they should all play one game together. The took turns playing Tetris. They had more fun than ever playing together.
This pill did wonders for her health, and she started running. She ran out the retirement home and down the road. Cara ran all the way to the next state over before promptly dying.
Amy had slept at Lynn's and only brought a jacket. Now she wished she had a coat. Amy made them walk faster to get to the store and out of the cold.
The man hacked away at the vine until it was separated. The man yanked the tomatoes from the vine. He threw the dead vine away in the bushes.
It was a painful process. When it was done, tom thought it was ugly. He later went to get it removed.
All the furniture had already been moved to the truck. Now they were ready to load the boxes. The move was well underway.
They told me that the bathroom was full. I tried to wait although my bladder was too full. I ended up urinating on the ground.
For some reason, there was nobody there. She opened her phone to check for any notices. Then, she discovered that the concert had been cancelled.
Then his mom bought him a small nightlight. She left it burning all night. The light helped Boy overcome his crippling fear.
The judge called us over and began the match. I was trying my best to stay calm throughout the fight. At the end of the boxing match I KO my opponent and won.
Unfortunately Lily took longer to get ready in the morning. One morning they almost left without Lily. Lily made an effort to wake up earlier for the rest of the trip.
She was nervous but ready to hit a homerun. The pitcher throws the softball. Sandra hits a homerun.
When she was done her hands were covered in chalk. Sam went to the bathroom to wash it all off. She cleaned her hands but her shirt was still dusty.
First place prize was ten thousand dollars. Arthur won third place, which was one thousand dollars. The judges said his meat was too salty.
But this year, they really topped anything from prior years. They had a very realistic stuffed man hanging from a noose in a tree. Unable to stand it, John cut it down in the middle of the night.
At the salon she asked for style suggestions. Her decision was made to go shorter. Susan loved her new hair cut.
The state investigated and he was thrown out of office. He also went to jail shortly after. Now people don't like him the way they used to.
Due to a computer mix up, there was no record of her reservation. They had to stay at a dingy motel nearby. They still had a good time, however, just being together.
His friends and family convinced him it was the right thing. Larry agreed and took the offer. He moved and had new experiences.
There were fingerprints on everything. He took photos of the prints nearest to the body. He took the film and sent it to the lab to be worked on.
As he was walking down the stairs at school, he tripped on his laces. He fell down a whole flight of stairs. He had to wear a cast on his broken arm for six weeks.
However, a car suddenly appeared from behind. The driver ended up crashing Jerry. He blamed Jerry for the accident since he was driving slowly.
They fight a tough legal battle. Finally the divorce is completed. Lauren is happy to be single again.
Amy and Beth ran over what Amy would say in her mind. Beth was optimistic, but Amy felt nothing but dread. At Ella's Amy hesitated for a second, then rang the doorbell.
We both got sent to the principal's office. While there, she and I began to talk about our likes and dislikes. We realized we had a lot in common and became best friends.
Suddenly, someone ran up to the man and attacked him. The two men began fighting violently. Mark quickly got away from them.
One year the was a bad freeze mid Spring. All of Stan's plants died. Stan no longer sells vegetables at the market.
He did a lot of leg strengthening exercises. He had a minutes limitation at the start of this season. He now plays heavy minutes without any issues with his legs.
When she arrived, the kitchen was a mess. He could not figure out what he was doing. Together they cobbled together something that was edible.
Steve was given the feedback that he wasn't fast enough. Steve worked on his speed and agility for a year. The following year Steve became a starter on the team.
His crew began slowly moving away the larger chunks of rock. They were mindful to look for any bits of large bone. What they found surprised them.
Alex was a bully and he pulled on her hair. Jennifer turned around and scowled. Alex laughed so hard he fell back in his seat onto the ground.
Soon Rob was outright flirting with her. He dared to ask her for a date. To his surprise, she accepted his offer!
The kids were all sad when it was time to leave. Our uncle called his office and pretended to be sick. They got to stay and hang out for an extra day.
She lost all of her confidence, and was desperate to regain it. She decided to shave her head to make a statement. Feeling like a rebel, she returned to work with a renewed spirit.
One day he helped some people purchase a vaporizer. They told him they were satisfied but they complained to the owner. Tyler lost his job but swears he never mistreated the customers.
His dad let him buy Contra for Nintendo. He played the game for hours. Until his mother saw the game and took it away for being too violent.
When she was done with the cake, she delivered it to her. Her friend was thankful. Alana went to make more.
He rushed his girlfriend to get ready for dates. Nobody liked the way he rushed things He knew he needed to slow things down.
Lily choose dare. Tina dared her to go and kiss a tree. Lily reluctantly did so.
He was sent a warning notice for illegally downloading music. He was charged with the crime. He has to pay a huge fine.
She is at home, very sad and depressed. She likes French culture. I sent her this movie to try to cheer her up.
Bob kept swearing at his teammates. His teammates reported him after the game. Bob was banned from the game for a month afterwards.
He bought sugar cereal and milk instead. His mom asked where dinner was. He happily ate his cereal for dinner and smiled.
I wanted to keep track of time. I bought an analog pendant watch. It was too heavy, so I replaced it with a light digital one.
He ordered an ice cream and ate it. He read the paper. He walked home.
But at 6 PM, her family brought a cake to her room and began singing. Eve was so happy and thankful. She never forgot that surprise party.
He joined Linked In. He attended local professional meet ups. Bill eventually improved his professional network and found a new job.
She started sneaking out on weekends to take lessons secretly. Her parents didn't suspect a thing, until a few months later. That's when Scarlett made the news for taking 1st in a tournament!
Jack practiced for hours a day on his routine. He was nervous about performing in front of so many people. Jack danced his heart out and won the talent show.
She wondered if she would be able to love someone new again. A few months passed and she began to feel better. Misty knew that soon she would be ready for a new love to begin.
He packed some oatmeal for school lunch one day. Once arriving at school, he couldn't wait for lunchtime. Thomas was happy and full of his oatmeal by the end of lunch period.
He bit into them like he was starving. He soon realized these pickles were different then before. He burned his mouth because they were his dad's special hot pickles.
Fonda and Ricky decided to file bankruptcy to avoid more trouble. Now they have to pay the IRS a lot of money every month. Fonda and Ricky are very regretful of their bad decision.
She had to quickly purchase a new pair so she could continue working. When the new pair arrived she soon found that they hurt her ears. Sally carefully selected another pair that would better fit her ears.
He tried to stay calm and remember what to do. He stayed put so rescuers could find him. Thankfully, Ben's friends found him very soon.
One year, my oldest boy cousin was on a ladder picking cherries. I was feeling onry, so I knocked him off the ladder by shaking it. My cousin chased me around with a baseball bat for an hour.
He went online to find a job that could use his skills. He found a taxidermy job that paid well. Although it's not his dream job, he found a job that can support him.
He told me how much it would hurt, and I fell into an uneasy sleep. I woke up to realize there was a small bloodstain on the couch. The tooth was out, and it hadn't caused any pain!
Ben spent his entire day eating nothing but doughnuts. Later that night, Ben got a terrible stomach ache and he puked. Ben decided it wasn't a good idea to only eat doughnuts for the day.
His coach wanted to let Dan play. One day, Dan's team was winning by 60 points with only a minute to go. The coach put Dan into the game, and Dan was ecstatic.
He takes $7000 out of his savings account. He buys a used car for cash. Glen has a new car now with no monthly payments.
Sal had to drive two blocks down to find an open space. He put a quarter in the meter and walked to the dry cleaners. At the dry cleaners, Ike picked up his suit.
Reading and the motion of the bus soon lulled him to sleep. When the bus abruptly stopped, Sam awakened. He had slept through his stop and was miles from work.
Eric noticed that his rice cooker had a porridge mode. So he cooked his oatmeal in the rice cooker. Eric was able to let the rice cooker do the cooking for him.
Glen became very angry as he could not beat the level. After being angered, Glen threw the game controller at his TV. The TV screen shattered and Glen had to stop playing the game.
On his first trip out on the water, his instructor spotted a shark. Quickly, they ran out of the water, but not before the shark attacked. It took a bite out of the surfboard, but noone was hurt.
Lucy ordered nuggets, pizza, and burgers. Lucy was tired of eating her grandmother's country cooking. She waited, anxious to eat some normal food.
One company required him to take an excel test. John watched and followed along with many online tutorials. John aced the excel test and got the job.
One day, Ron couldn't find the monkey anywhere. He and his mother looked and looked for the monkey. Finally, they found the monkey sitting in the bath tub.
Larry was most excited to see the Star Wars exhibit. Once Larry reached, he went straight to the exhibit. Larry has the most fun being at the Star Wars exhibit.
The girl scouts asked him to buy cookies. Tom thought about it for a moment. Then Tom purchased several boxes of cookies.
It went down on July 4th as well. Many people complained about the poor service. In response, the management decided to upgrade service to FIOS.
She asked for a large cheeseburger with some fries. Afterwards, I asked for chicken and pasta. A few minutes later, our orders were ready.
As they were climbing they saw deer, prairie dogs, and other animals. When they reached the mountain's summit, they stared in awe. The view of the valleys below was breathtaking.
Mike decided not to say anything back. Bob then felt sorry about what he said. Bob apologized and the two became good friends.
Inside, there was a lot of clothes. She pulled them out one by one. Then, she called her aunt to thank her.
He exchanged it for another one. This ring was too small. She told him to sell the ring because she already knew he loved her.
Carlos loved to gamble. He bets Cathy she can't hold her hand over a candle for a minute. Cathy's now vacationing in a burn ward.
As they were walking they found a dog. The dog was super friendly but had no collar. They decided to take the dog home and Joey now has a new pet.
The neighbor's dog ran up to the fence, barking loudly. Enrique was startled and jumped back. The neighbor came and got the dog, apologizing profusely.
I also asked if he needs a menu to make an order. He told me if I knew the location to another restaurant. While being confused, I gave him some directions.
She told her sister about it. Her sister explained that hot water has been softened. Beth adapted to drinking cold water.
I came across a nice, red polo t-shirt for $20 dollars. I decided to try out the first. Since it was a perfect fit, I bought it.
She skated off a ramp and did a kickflip. She landed awkwardly on her ankle. Her friend gave her ice to numb the pain.
She ordered the necessary supplies. She worked very hard making the candle perfect. Lacie loved her candle so much she started a candle business!
She ran around the store pointing out this and that deal. Eventually they settled on buying some old tapes from her. It was only ninety-nine cents for a hundred.
He conditioned and trained for the climb for three months. He reached the top of the mountain! On the way down, he slipped and died.
The librarian wouldn't let her because she had an overdue book. Gina wasn't done reading that one yet. She had to leave her new book and go home empty handed.
Kim asked her mother if they could be saved. Her mother was upset when she saw the shoes. She washed them but they were never white again.
He called the dentist to make an appointment. The dentist fixed up Darrell's tooth. Darrell was very thankful for the helpful dentist.
Last week she bought white gloves. It wasn't for a special occasion. It was to make sure everything was dustless in her room.
I began to walk down my driveway with the bag. Suddenly, the bag ripped and trash fell everywhere. I cleaned up the spilled trash and put it in the trash can.
But one day the doctor told her they'd detected a mass. She had to go for testing, and was so worried about the results. The mass turned out to be benign, and she was so relieved.
She didn't bring her notes and guessed at how much fabric she needed. Amy laid out her pattern and began to cut the fabric. To her horror the fabric was off by 6" and she couldn't make the dress.
Even if it's just to a beach for a week. I asked both of my bosses if that would be possible. They said yes and my mom agreed to babysit so I can go!
The first few chapters were written in a month. Chris finished the novel after 3 months. He sent the manuscript to the publisher to be published.
Beth and Amy laughed at the antics on the screen. When it was time to go Amy thanked Beth's mom for bringing her. When dropped off Amy told her mom how great the movie was.
He thought it would be faster. The Smith's ended up getting lost. They always went the normal way from then on.
She decided to take a break and rest inside. She made a cup of hot cocoa. She felt warm and refreshed!
He had tried and tried to ride a wave. This was his last attempt as he paddled with the wave. He stood and it all came together, he was riding the wave.
However, my first day went really well. By the end of the second day, I felt like an expert already. I am so glad I made a career change!
She went to the library and looked up different books. She found a book authored by Marcia Clark. She checked out the book and began reading it.
He decided to make himself a cup of coffee. The caffeine energized him and gave him energy. Eric's headache went away with the help of the coffee.
The pedal went the whole way to the floor! George pulled over safely to the side of the road. He had his car towed to a garage.
I ran downstairs to grab the cat. When I picked the cat up, he panicked and attacked me instead. I bought a mailbox that afternoon.
Unfortunately the bike cost more then Paul had to spend. He did odd jobs for a week to raise the money. Paul went back to the store and purchased the bike.
Her friends played a joke on her and pushed her into the pool. Sophia panicked and was drowning. Her friends had to jump in and save her life.
The mother reminded her the baby was too small to play. 4 months later Amy received a picture of the baby with the toy. It turned out the baby loved the toy after all.
Then she decided she had to visit the most famous museum of all. She took a bus to the Louvre museum and spent all day there. Lee was very impressed with all the artwork she found there!
Sam then noticed that the bread was moldy. He didn't want to risk using it. Sam went to the store to buy new bread instead.
He decided to apply for a job coaching track at his school. When he got the job, Josh felt proud and happy. His dream of having a job at his old high school had come true.
The next day the chest pain got worse. I eventually went to the doctor. The doctor said my pain was just heartburn.
When she was done, other vendors started to come. They all walked by her table and were impressed with her preparation. The sun came out and Kim sat in her chair to wait for customers.
I back tracked with my dog to find it. I looked for several minutes. When I looked to my right my dog had the cell phone in his mouth.
In addition, it started a fire. Hannah took a fire extinguisher and started to take out the flames. It ended up growing and she had to call the fire department.
He ran into a tiny dog. The dog was holding something. It was the boy's ball!
He moved on to some of the spicier samples. He finally tried the hottest piece of sushi. Sam dunked his face into a bucket of water trying to cool off.
Tommy's mother and father discussed the idea. After speaking to Tommy about caring for a dog, they adopted a dog. Now Tommy is happy to care for and play with his dog every day.
She inspected the tree for any good looking apples. Most were duds, but there were a few good ones. Using her home grown apples she made her pie.
His mother got distracted by a phone call. When she finally came to find him, he was asleep! Chuckling, his mother tiptoed out of the room.
The driver was nice and friendly. We talked the entire time. I gave him a good tip for his service.
He and his grandfather went out on a boat early in the morning. Billy didn't realize how boring it would be waiting for the fish! Just when he was about to give up he finally caught one.
It caused a bad accident. The police found out she took the sign down. She got in big trouble.
Mark never wore earplugs or hearing protection. Mark has lost a significant amount of hearing ability. Mark still pines for days gone by.
Jim packed his bags and was ready well in advance. Jim went to the airport and flew home for the holidays. His family was excited to see him and he was excited to see them.
In the store bathroom, she took the test. While she waited for an answer, she tried to stay calm. Luckily, the test came out negative.
Gina tried to eavesdrop but was unable to hear anything. The girl walked to the door crying. The girl left, and Gina never saw her again.
His friends tried to get him to join against Glenn. He was too scared but he believed in himself. Gabe ended up beating Glenn.
I talked with a salesman who said the sale was over yesterday. I asked to speak with the owner or the head manager. I learned the dealership was a Switch and Bait operation and left.
Saw all our favorite shows at Disneyland. We didn't quite do everything we wanted. But we are all happy and exhausted now.
Her cousin jumped, but something was wrong. When she landed, she was unconscious and floating face down. Her uncle jumped in to help her, and she was okay, but it was scary.
He woke his family up to prepare in case they need to evacuate. In less than an hour firemen came to their door to tell them to leave. After Fred's family evacuated, their whole neighborhood burned down.
Next to the bathroom he found a soda machine that was knocked over. The man forgot about his need to urinate and investigated the machine. He could tell someone pushed it over and stole the money inside.
I regretted my decision when a job I really wanted was temporary. They weren't looking for full time people. After that, I quit temp jobs and applied for real jobs.
Josh dedicated a half acre plot of land to his new garden. He planted several different crops. His new garden flourished.
She insisted he wear the latest one she had made. Several days later, she noticed angry red spots on his back and torso. She didn't know he was allergic to the yarn she had been using.
When her mind when blank she heard the song. She tried to listen to the radio until the song was flushed out. After a few country songs she forgot all about the first one.
The silver market crashed earlier this year. He decided to sell his silver. He bought gold with the money instead.
A haggard old woman answered, his father's mother. With her permission, Phoenix wandered into her potato field. Phoenix scattered his father's ashes in the field where he had grown.
She wore a beautiful, long, white gown. The ceremony was perfect. The couple looked so happy together.
Suddenly, the car became stuck on the track. He was terrified, and began to panic. Luckily, the ride was fixed quickly.
His boss noticed and decided to honor his hard work. He gave him a promotion. Sam is happy to see that his hard work is paying off.
At the bottom, she found what she was looking for. A treasure chest with gold inlays. She lifted it from the ground and claimed the gold inside.
Annie thought that it would be funny to prank her. She smacked Sarah's sunburn sharply. Sarah cried out in pain and Annie realized she had gone too far.
Then, I got out, and bought the eggs. Next, I paid for the eggs and went home. Finally, I opened the eggs only to find out they were spoiled.
One day a talent scout was in the audience for his show. Afterward they discussed new opportunities for Fred. Fred now tells jokes to packed stadiums.
They had to stand all the way in the back! Fortunately her father was very tall! He lifted her onto his shoulders so she could see the action.
Him and his friends would randomly call and try to stalk Eve. Eve went to her cell phone carrier and had them change her number. Logan and his friends were never able to reach her again.
There was a path down a hill that was blocked off. But Lisa decided to try to cross it. As she descended down the hill, she sprained her ankle.
This scared Amy because she wanted to keep her job. Amy watched the news intently to find out the outcome. She was devastated to hear the bus drivers were going to strike.
But he didn't want to disappoint his mother. He tried to be serious, but was too tired. Jack made all the parents laugh when he yawned and checked his watch.
Derek is now a math teacher. He gets to be around math every day. Derek wants to become a math wizard!
This year, she stayed inside and watched Netflix. To her, it was vastly preferable to going out. She asserts that it was the best Halloween she ever had.
I get in trouble when I don't include her. Being the older one is hard. Now I know how my big sister feels.
He saw a display of very unhealthy cookies. Tom wanted the cookies, but he also wanted to stick to his diet. Tom decided not to get the cookies.
However to her dismay it would not stick straight. She was nervous about going to school like that. She ended up wearing a baseball cap instead.
Jerry called a meeting. Jerry issued commands to Tom. Tom agreed and followed orders.
She spent all morning preparing them. When they were done, she tasted them. Unfortunately they came out horrible.
He asked the teacher if it was time to take out the bikes. His teacher said yes, it was time. Lenny rode his bike with his friends at school.
When lunch time came Cassie couldn't find her lunch anywhere! Then Jen started laughing and told her she had hidden it for a joke. Jen returned Cassie's lunch with a smile.
She waited and waited for it to come in the mail. She finally got it in the mail and was super excited! She quickly opened the box to see what was in it.
Ella would have twin girls. She was shocked but then thrilled. Ella decided she'd have double the joy!
But they were all so expensive, he couldn't afford them! Then he decided to just wear his old suit. Nate looked great in his suit!
Her tv shut off and her lights went out. Kelly screamed. A thunderstorm was brewing.
They decided to remain friends. Later on, he hears that Helen actually find out hideous. He is hurt badly and decides not to hang out with her.
We started to walk back to the car, when a shadowy figure appeared. The person asked us if we would like tickets to the sold out movie. They cost more, but we bought them anyway and watched the movie.
None of them were able to. Instead they got drunk and just hung out. Loyd had fun and plans to try again next weekend.
Suddenly, the leg of the gingerbread guy broke off. She was so disappointed. Luckily, there were plenty of other cookies.
So, today, I went to the grocery. I bought some broccoli. I always follow good advice.
She needed somewhere safe to leave the kids. Christa offered to take them into a movie. Christa's aunt agreed and they went to see a movie.
The officers took his fingerprints and mugshots. Jon was ashamed for what he did. He was sentenced to five years.
Harry decided to go shopping. He bought a slim-fitting charcoal suit. Finally, Harry had a suit!
Amy's friend Sue reminded Amy that Beth was her friend for 10 years. Sue begged Amy to forgive her friend. Amy was too stubborn to take Sue's advice.
Jake decided he would sleep it off. He felt much better afterwards. Jake sighed in relief.
What he didn't realize is that his mom had already put salt on it. His dad had put salt on it too. It was so salty that they couldn't eat it.
Out of the corner of his eye he thought he saw something. Then a flowing white figure came out and jumped him. It turns out it was just his friend with a sheet over his head.
Ronald took a bite of the octopus. The texture was tough, but enjoyable. From that night on, Ronald was a fan of octopus.
I made provisions for a recently born nephew. I had my plan notarized by a notary republic. I refiled my plans in court.
He is starting to get better and not as embarrassed. He will not play in front of his mom and dad. We love to listen to our son learn the guitar.
They started to talk to each other. Suddenly, they realized it was dark. They had talked for hours!
Sara practiced every day after school. She decided to audition, but she was really worried about how she did. The judges loved Sara's performance and she was accepted in the show.
After she arrived at work one morning, she decided to make a change. Tina quit her job that same day and called her friend to tell her. Her friend was happy for her and now they run their own shop together.
Scrutinizing it, she frowned. Kate had no idea where she was! She had to ask directions in a gas station.
Jason refused to eat a dill pickle. His mom forced him to eat a pickle before he could leave the table. He eventually ate the pickle.
She was excited by the offer. The experience was amazing. Dana already booked her second dive.
John has been trying out new pizza places twice a week. John realized he could not fit into his clothes anymore. John didn't realize all the pizza he was consuming made him fat.
The proctor handed him a bottle of seltzer water. Fred drank a sip of the water and nearly choked. Undaunted, Fred went on to answer questions for another hour.
The goods on sale were very mismatched. When he wore them around town people gave him a funny look. The man claimed he was just starting a new style.
He was caught by the teacher. He got a zero on his test. He learned never to cheat again.
One day he decides to shave all of his hair off. It is a big change. Although he doesn't love his shaved head, it's better than thin hair.
Then, they put it all together. They put it in the oven and baked the dough. Then, they ate the crackers with cheese.
There were no other people willing to play with Ted and Tim. Instead of playing doubles, Ted and Tim played singles. Ted and Tim went back home, exhausted after hours of table tennis.
The next week, Meg heard her co-workers planning a baby shower. When she didn't get an invitation, Meg was miffed. Meg felt mortified when the shower recipient turned out to be her.
He decided to pack his bags for a long trip. Tom took off on a long trip. Tom had an amazing time on his road trip adventure.
She checked and saw that her tire had gone flat! A passing stranger saw her distress and stopped. He helped ael get her spare tire on the car safely.
Her grandpa bought her a bag of cookies. He instructed her to hide them and only have 3 a day. Lucy was elated to have something to snack on other than carrots.
Beth let out a little shout and the bird flew off. Her friend laughed and wanted to know why she shouted. Beth was just shocked the bird would come so close.
Not today, though, as my muse finally appeared. A story popped into my head and I wrote for almost three hours. I hope my muse comes back to visit tomorrow.
Now her children  are  older  and  more  independent. My sister  takes  classes at the local  community  college. She is back on the   path  to  dental  school.
I have noticed many ads stating that they can cut my bill in half. My brother switch phone providers and has saved a lot of money. I think today I will switch to his provider too.
My favorite food was pizza and chips. I gained forty pounds and had a wake up call. I have started a diet and hopefully I stick with it.
Scanning the items she noticed a vase. It was just what she was looking for. Julie happily took it home and put flowers in it.
Suddenly, her weight caused the shelf to tip. It fell backwards and toppled Kenzie. Luckily, she didn't get hurt.
He was selling a premium shampoo. The hair salon decided to give it a try on a few customers. The customers were pleased so they carried the shampoo.
The professor told us this exam is worth 90 percent of our grade. When the test began I was actually the first person to complete it. When I got my exam back, I scored very well and I was relieved.
One day, my cousins played hide and seek near the house. We heard a noise coming from the house! We all ran faster than ever to get away!
He spent months perfecting his pizza recipe. He opened his restaurant for business, and people flooded in! It was best decision of his life.
She practices very hard. Her French improves steadily. Finally Jennifer can speak French!
The eraser did not work at all. I decided to scribble it out with the pencil. I did not like the scribbles so I went and bought an eraser.
She quickly began to complain and accused me of lowering it. I pretended to not know anything about the situation. She bundled herself up in blankets and believed my lie.
It was an essay question that I was unprepared for. I decided to skip the question. Naturally, I failed the exam.
One day, Jeff came begging to his father for a job in the business. Jim and Jeff's father was elated that Jeff had come home. Enraged that his dad would even consider giving Jeff a job, Jim quit.
This morning he smacked it too hard and it broke. Cal stopped by the store on his way home and bought a new one. He turned the new alarm clock off more gingerly the next day.
Whitney played the leading role. Her friends decided to show the movie to the whole school. Many kids are laughing at Whitney's acting skills.
With her feet slipping, she did fall down! The fall wasn't nearly as bad as she expected. She got back up again in order to keep going.
She didn't know what to do. Finally, she faced the dogs and yelled and stomped her feet. The dogs yelped and ran away.
Rich became a weekend bartender but did not tell girlfriend. While he was at the bar, Rich saw his girlfriend enter with a new man. Rich broke up with her on the spot and saved himself a ton of cash!
He decided to spend the day playing with his children. They played soccer in the backyard for many hours. Despite playing hard all day, Dad felt ready to tackle the next week.
But she and her date had a hard time agreeing on a movie. Then they decided to flip a coin. They ended up seeing an action movie, and loving it!
Inside however, Rob was too embarrassed to wear a costume. Rob stayed inside for Halloween. He felt regret when he saw all of his friend's candy.
She got out of bed and got an extra comforter. Then she curled up under it. She felt a lot warmer!
He realized the friend was telling jokes. Bill decided to memorize many funny jokes. Bill was able to be the life a party by telling jokes himself.
One my one, each of my students arrived. I greeted them all with a smile. My nerves quickly left me as each of them returned a smile.
Confident with her inspection, she went outside with it. She raised it up in the air, and pulled the trigger. She hit a bullseye on the target set up out in her yard.
Her and other students followed the instructions for cooking each dish The food came out great, and the students ate. Kya went home.
The professor used this test to fail everyone in the class. The next day there was only one student left in the class. The professor commended the student on being the best cheater.
He fell down repeatedly when trying to ice skate. His friends laughed at him many times. Joey never wanted to go ice skating again.
As he floated around, he saw that the radio was broken. He had to fix it quickly so he could communicate. He fixed it in 1 hour and could communicate with NASA.
I went to the store to buy all of the ingredients to make pancakes. When I got back home I followed the recipe and made lots of pancakes. When I was done I got to eat all of them, which was my favorite part!
On his way to work he got a flat tire. He was in the rainy fixing it and was late to work. Ned bought a raincoat and still rides his bike even in the rainy now.
After searching for the perfect dog, we found a Golden Retriever. She was so cute! We brought her home and named her Lily!
Unfortunately, she couldn't get the dough to work. She tried her best to shape them properly and then baked them. Still, when they came out they were nothing like pies.
They picked up a a few up and coming athletes from college. The owners were happy with the management's decisions. The Celtics had a winning record the following season.
When a crime spree struck the city, the chief called him in. He told Harry to stop crime and do whatever it took. Harry killed many bad guys and the crime spree stopped.
A graphic site appeared on the screen. Ben tried to close it. However, more pop ups appeared.
She tried it but something went wrong. Her hair came out horribly greasy. It turned out that she had used way too much oil
One late night she insisted on baking a coffee cake. She put the cake in the oven, went to her room and fell asleep. The smell of coffee cake on fire made May scream!
She walked all over trying to find them. Suddenly, a girl ran up to her with her glasses. They had been completely destroyed by someone.
But he pays no attention because she complains about everything. In a fit of jealous rage she smashes the PS4 to bits with a hammer. Jim breaks up with her immediately
She gets Bobby to quit drinking. She finds out Bobby is painfully boring when he's sober. She has to dump him.
She saw lots of very nice dogs who needed good homes. One sad-looking, big, brown mutt jumped up on her. Liz adopted him immediately.
One year for Christmas her grandfather bought her a dog. The dog became Carrie's constant companion. Carrie named her new friend Melody.
Jill connected with John and liked his profile. John was just as shy as Jill. Together, they learned to be braver than they were apart.
The technician wondered what they might contain. He gathered several other excited workers. They had much work to do.
He walked around and felt very good about himself. Several women approached Ben. By the end of the night, Ben received two phone numbers.
For me it felt more like being put on the rack. You know, that medieval torture device that pulled your limbs apart. I hope never to experience that kind of fun again!
Most night he would just settle so he could guarantee he had someone. Tonight he brought home a very special girl, or he thought she was. In the morning she told him she settled with him so she wasn't alone.
She heard that spiders hate eucalyptus oil. Hanna sprayed everywhere with an oil and water mixture. It seemed to stop them from wanting to come inside.
Mary's mother did not allow her to wear makeup. When Mary's mother saw the pictures, she was angry. She decided that Mary had to take another picture without makeup.
He thought that this was way too many for him to make. He worked his hardest for many months. After 7 months, he filled the order and earned his pay.
Turns out the new job was too hard for Tim to do. He was going to get fired so he asked his old job if he can come back. The old job took Tim back happily.
She got in shape. She redecorated her home. She was finally ready to start over.
When I came into a front of the outlet, there was a sign. It said that the store was closed for a week. As sad as I was, I went home after seeing the sign.
He picked up the book and placed it in his jacket. No one seemed to notice him as he walked out the door. The man ran as soon as he was outside the library.
When rehearsal came she forgot her lines. She just stood there. She wished she wasn't in the play.
Their pen pals lived in completely different states! Gabriela was very excited for the project. She began writing a letter as fast as she could.
He was so cocky that he did not notice the other players plotting. They outmaneuvered him. And so he lost the game.
I promptly got up out of my office chair and headed out. I stopped by the local coffee shop and got some delicious coffee. Before long I was wide awake again!
One day he noticed his chickens wouldn't get up. He was worried but soon he found why. Those chickens laid eggs.
Last Friday Madison could not go dancing because she had homework. Next week, she worked hard on Thursday and finished all of her work. She was able to go and dance with her brother that Friday!
One day a guy she liked said he played piano. Mary went home and practiced so much she forgot about the guy. She became a concert musician and never thought of the guy again.
However, Nancy began to argue with her boyfriend during the show. I told them to calm down. Both of them stopped arguing and instead, tried to fight me.
As much as Cindy resisted, she couldn't hold on to it. She ended up whining on the floor. Her mom wasn't concerned and walked away.
The artist sat us down to paint. When she painted it felt like hours. Finally when she was done we could relax.
Once everyone arrived, they ordered pizza and ate it. Afterwards, they played with their video games and action figures. John and his friends didn't go to sleep until almost twelve.
When others wanted to be captain, he said no. This made everyone mad. Tim felt bad and decided to let others be captain.
The ups person came right to my door with it. I was shocked. I will definitely go back.
Sunday came and her mother forced her to go outside. Amy sat on the porch sulking. Finally her mother allowed her to sit outside and read.
Unfortunately he failed to make alliances. His floater status kept him in the game for a long time. He was finally voted out in 6th place.
She found it a little embarrassing, though. It was basically an awkward wish-fulfillment fantasy, She had some trouble looking her friends in the eye after that.
He knew that he needed to find a way to get into the party. Steven asked a friend he knew was going if he could go with. The friend said no and Steven didn't go to the party.
Unfortunately, the customer support worker spoke too fast. In addition, he answered Kris's concerns in a confusing manner. Kris was frustrated and hung the phone up.
The cat's owner tried to play with him using a fancy cat toy. The cat ignored the owner. The cat played with a rubber band instead.
They both laughed at the picture. Lucy was upset because she didn't like the picture. Lucy stormed off to her room and slammed the door.
I went to work. My boss realized I was drunk. He kicked me out of the building.
He almost ran. He decided to make them his pets. After playing with them he realized they made great pets.
The people were trying to give her away outside of the grocery store. Since nobody wanted her a kind woman decided to take the puppy home. Finally the unwanted puppy had a home.
It was a pleasant surprise I look forward to working with them again soon. I will be just as friendly in return.
A few mosquitoes ended up biting me. I had a few sores on my legs. My mom treated the spots with alcohol.
He found some apple pie. The pie was spoiled. Rob decided to remain hungry.
She usually made half of that. She soon found out why the pay was so high. The two kids were absolutely terrible.
He ordered it from ebay. He watched a few wingsuit tutorials on youtube. That weekend Randy went to Yosemite and for his first wingsuit flight.
He said he would pass her if she would do sexual favors for him. Kellen immediately told the principal and her parents what happened. Her teacher was arrested, and Kellen was given a pass on her class.
The prisoner waited until a guard was distracted. He ran towards the fence and crawled through. Once on the other side he ran for the woods.
She wanted to sleep but didn't want to dream. Her dreams were of her ex boyfriend that she loved very much. After a few months her heart healed and she slept with no sad dreams.
His mom worried for his happiness, seeing him sad and lonely. Finally Paul came out, bringing a boyfriend home for dinner. His mom was so happy to see him happy, she cried!
I slipped into a small puddle by a wet floor sign. A worker ran over to help me up and apologized. I said it was okay and ordered some food.
He could feel the deadline tomorrow breathing down his neck. He asked his ISP if he could use the service he was paying for. He got the notice posted just in the nick of time.
I felt bad for him. I gave him twenty dollars. It was only later that I realized he was faking his blindness!
Sam wore his new hat while snowboarding. His friends complimented his hat. Sam thanked his girlfriend for giving him such a wonderful present.
After unloading the tree, and bring it in, they saw it was too tall. Bob brought it back outside and trimmed it with a chainsaw. When he brought it back inside, it fit nicely inside the house.
Google stated that the flight would cost $340. Ryan felt unhappy with that price quote. He called his flight attendant friend who bought him a cheaper ticket.
Suddenly, she heard an animal growl in the distance. She was scared so she began to run. Luckily, she made it inside safely.
We were having a good time until someone recognize our voice. The person was our next door neighbor staying at someone else's house. Our parents found out and we got grounded.
He went and bought all the necessary supplies. Ted and his friends chose a lake spot. The trip was a success for Ted and his buddies.
Eventually he made it to his bed. He woke up when he thought it was morning. He had just forgotten to turn off the lights, though.
He thought he would have to wait weeks to hear the results. Much to his surprise, the coach called and offered him a position. He was so excited he ran through the house screaming.
A pair of gloves were chosen to help her out on the farm. He wrapped them in a horse-theme wrapping paper. She was excited when she saw what her gift was.
His car started rattling as he kept driving. Jake decided to pull over. He had a flat tire that needed to be replaced.
It got so bad that she couldn't stand it. She asked her teacher if she could call her mom to go home. Her mom picked her up and she was able to go home and rest
Tears flooding his eyes, Jed glared at Bob. Bob pointed and laughed at Jed mockingly. Jed got so mad, he punched Bob right in the face!
Upon visiting the park, Bill was shocked by what he saw. Bill realized that the amusement park was a giant water park. Bill was upset that another water park was opened in the area.
Mark dove into the water and swam to the kid. He brought the kid to the side of the pool where he could calm down. The kid thanked Mark for a job well done saving him.
When he got there, the strawberry flavor was gone. Sam reluctantly tried the cookies and cream flavor instead. Sam decided that cookies and cookies and cream was his new favorite!
Gina knew she had to get back home to work on a report. But she was having a good time hanging out with Pam. After 2 hours she had forgotten all about her report.
I got roller skates for my birthday, and they were big. The rest of my body started growing and my feet stopped. Now I still have those roller skates and they still fit.
Bob gets sick from the stress of his job Bob quits his job. Bob feels better because he gets to spend more time with his family.
On test day, he was shaking and sweating bullets. He breathed deeply and tried to do the best he could. And to his joy, the tester said he passed - with flying colors!
He forgot to close their cage yesterday. Tom thought he had lost his new pets. He found them in the pantry later that night.
He decided to convert the attic into his bedroom. He moved all of the junk into the basement and moved in. Darius was much happier having his own space.
She followed a recipe. She added extra spices because she loved hot food. She had to throw the chili out because it was way too spicy.
I said hi and she waved back. After she did, a man sitting on the right waved hi back. When I asked who that person is, she hesitated for a little bit.
She started crying at one point. Before it was over she left. It was too emotionally draining.
Larry panned for gold all morning and all afternoon. Larry got enough gold to equal about $200 worth. Larry and Rodent went home feeling happy.
The two men had to hurry to the hospital. Bill had been wounded in his left leg. The doctors said he would walk with a limp forever!
I met a couple there yesterday who were from the Netherlands We spoke for a moment and then they bought some sodas and bread. Then they left with the stuff they bought and went on their way.
His mom decided to get him a private tutor. One on one learning was just what Jude needed. His "A" in math made Jude very proud.
I laid in wait for him behind a corner with a huge water balloon. I heard footsteps approaching. It was too late when I threw the balloon and realized it was my dad!
Ben began to argue with his friend who continued name calling. Ben decided to fight him, and the two fought for a minute. Ben's other friend ran over and separated the two and they stopped.
Kevin could not find his keys in his backpack. He started to panic since he was late for work. When he reached in his pockets, he found his keys.
However I then realized that there was smoke. I went to check on them. They were burnt to a crisp.
He saw that the front drivers side tire was punctured by a nail. Jerome replaced the tire with a spare from the trunk. He resumed driving to his destination.
She knew she wanted the duck to be medium-rare, and not overcooked. She cooked the duck breast to a perfect medium rare in a pan. Lauren was proud of her latest cooking adventure.
He went to the furniture store to check some out. They all looked too ugly or felt too stiff. He decided to stick with the one he has instead.
As she was walking to the window she saw a small shadow. She opened the curtain and was happily surprised. It was a tiny kitten scratching to get in from the cold.
It was millions of dollars and she told everyone. Now she has no time to herself. Everyone keeps hitting her up for money.
Then, she used a cloth to wipe it. There were a few spots left. After finishing the last spots, the camera was clean.
He studied day and night until he felt confident in the material. Elvin went to class prepared for the test. He had the second highest score in the class, and he passed.
It took so long to scoop it out that most of them melted. He told people it tasted much like a warm espresso or a slushie. Everyone thought he was lying to keep this secret to himself.
He would never explain why he always kept his old one. All his friends decided his old glove must be secretly valuable. Jacob loved messing with his friends' heads in this way.
She lived on the tenth floor of a high rise. She dropped the pills out the window but they fell onto the ground. My nephew was angry as the pills were pulverized.
Finally, she asked her counselor to call her mom so she could go home. Tayler was sad and tried to convince her to stay. Unfortunately, Briana was to unhappy and she did go home.
Lucy moped around throwing things down. Her grandmother took her over her knee and spanked her. The spanking changed her attitude.
Then she had surgery that corrected her deafness. For a while she couldn't understand the sounds she heard. Over time she adjusted and could hear well again.
She got her rake and raked them into her neighbor Tom's back yard. Tom saw that Alice had raked leaves into his yard but he wasn't upset. Tom went outside, put the leaves into a bag, and disposed of them.
We jumped out into the sky and fell into the fierce biting wind. The ground looked so far away and it didn't look like we were moving. The chute opened and we hung in the sky like an ornament on a tree.
After a while of playing without the capo, I wanted the capo back. When I looked around for the capo, I couldn't find it anywhere. I eventually found it under the couch and resumed playing.
He thought it was one exit off the highway. I thought it was a different exit. We ended up driving right past each other on I-95.
Lisa wanted to get her something special to help her feel better. She decided on a friendship necklace. Her friend was very happy when Lisa gave it to her.
She would help keep things organized while she was there. Jana was offered a paid internship by the Librarian. Jana happily accepted the offer.
Due to this, Josh had trouble reading on a 3rd grade level. His mom helped him practice the sounds he couldn't pronounce. Josh read three books that year!
He grabbed a CD to use as a template. With the CD he drew a perfect circle. After filling in the data it looked quite sharp.
She saw a circle of six kids telling stories. She asked could she be involved with their storytelling. Brenda was amazed at how easily the kids told story and they had many.
She submitted a refill request to Walgreen's. She received a text message when the prescription was ready. She picked up the prescription that same day.
I scrolled through the options and found a good pair. There were a pair for $60 dollars however, there was a few left. I purchased it quickly and got the deal.
Jeffrey asked for my number. When I got home from work we talked all night. Jeffrey has become one of my best friends!
She even bought a new one. Eventually she plugged her phone into a different outlet. It turned out to be a blown home fuse.
When the contest ended, Tommy was the clear winner. He got a trophy and put it on his bookshelf. He saw with dismay that he had no books left to read.
Finally she decided to order a new charger online. It arrived within a couple of days. She loved it, it charged her phone much better.
She waved to the girl who waved back. The teacher scowled. Gina moved to the desk close to Mary.
He tried making pizza. The pizza burned in the oven! He ordered Chinese and everyone was happy!
He put on Seinfeld on his TV. He poured himself a big glass of milk. He enjoyed his evening cuddling with his cat.
She knows that she needs to do something about her clutter. So she makes a plan to get rid of 2,000 items every day for a week. Roxy's house is much cleaner one week later.
When the other students left to attend a party, Stephanie stayed. Finally Stephanie took the exam. She was glad she had studied so hard for her exam.
Her dad insisted on listening to his music loudly. Amy couldn't hear her music because his was so loud. Amy stared out the window dreading the last 5 hours.
She was baffled when the computer wouldn't open all the way. She cursed to herself when she discovered she had a virus. Wilma was unhappy to spend the evening struggling with the virus.
He dressed up like a woman and got a job as their new housekeeper. One night, there was a big mistake and Daniel got caught in his lies. His wife took him to court but decided to drop the charges.
Timmy thought he was big enough to take care of himself. He wandered into a snake pit. After that, Timmy was always more careful when camping.
Eventually I had too many stuffed animals to keep track of. I put most of them away in the attic. I still keep my favorites on my bedside table.
She opened the link and began watching the video. That's when she saw that the subject of the video was really dark. She decided to close the video right away.
The heads were poorly attached. I am disabled and need a shower brush. I went online and bought a sturdy brush.
One day they decided to race. John's motor blew up. Sam won the race.
Taking matters into her own hands, she brewed a pot. Happily she poured her coffee and took a sip. Mary spit it out, learning the hard way that brewing was an art.
It was the biggest tree in the park, and the kids scrambled up it. When they got to the top, they realized they'd have go down. The fire department had to be called to get them out of the tree!
The fog became so extreme that Tim could hardly see. Tim walked around aimlessly in the fog for an hour. He eventually missed his first class before the fog cleared enough.
I couldn't believe how long the line was. When I was done shopping, I was waiting three hours. I knew never to go back again.
When I win he makes a bet to get me to play again. In a few games we are betting lots of money and diving everywhere. I crash right into and knock over an old dresser trying to get ball.
She was reluctant but eventually agreed. She went on stage and began singing. It was so bad it wasn't even listenable and she left quickly.
Her mother found her playing in the water and spanked her. Katie stuffed her underwear with cotton batting to protect herself. She ran to the water again.
Bu then, vacuuming her rug, she heard something metal clinking around. Quickly she got to her knees and unhooked the vacuum hose. There, in a pile of dust, was her missing diamond earring!
They saw a wide variety of horses of different sizes and colors. The two friends had a lot of fun watching the different events. At the end of the day they left the show very excited about riding.
She finally sat down to try it. It was not flavored enough. Her mom complimented her but Beth felt bad.
The train was headed to Los Angeles. It was a 2 hour train ride. Pam and her girls enjoyed the train ride.
Shaun wondered how many people stored keys under mats. Shaun got arrested for suspicious behavior. He had a really hard time explaining this one.
Janice suffered a deep laceration to her foot and went to a hospital. The roofer refused to pay her medical bills and denied responsibility. Janice obtained a lawyer, suing the roofer for negligent injury.
He took off the shoes and a spider crawled out from one! Worst it was a Black Widow! Cal drove to the hospital in his socks to get treated for the bite.
He drew a beautiful pattern that was very unlike a parking lot. He even signed his name at the bottom corner of the lot. People walked by and thought he was a performance artist.
But one day, the temperature dropped dramatically. She wakes up to her basil plants frosted over. She learns that basil needs to be planted earlier in the year.
Mitchell learned everything he could about the new sport. He practiced every day. Now, Mitchell is just as good at football as he was at basketball.
Bart checked in on her every day. She always reported success and was totally silent on social media. She actually cheated the challenge each day with phone web browsing.
She had locked her keys in her car - and it was running! Ivy hurried into the store to call the auto club for help. They arrived soon and opened the doors for her.
Instead he decided to stay at a friend's house. They spent the night playing games and watching movies. He decided that it was much more fun than a party.
They talked for hours and hours. Daniel and Sarah both began to like each other. Daniel was glad that he made a new friend.
Larry researched the best door knobs until finally he found a good one. He replaced the doorknob himself. Now Larry is satisfied that he no longer has a worn doorknob.
Her grandma arrived that morning. She had a fun surprise for Judy. Her socks had a crazy Christmas theme.
Gossip girl was her absolute favorite show. She immediately turned on the channel and dug out the popcorn. She was in the happiest place right now.
I began working a second job early in the morning. I kept this from her to surprise with the gift I would be able to buy. She told me one morning she knew what I was doing, kissing me.
Her mom immediately slapped her. She also tried to call her husband. Jen eventually told her that she was joking.
One day, with her head down, she shuffled down the streets. Suddenly, a stranger gave her a quick hug and walked away. Missy felt happier, turns out all she needed was some human kindness.
The kids sat still and watched the movie for the most part. When the movie was over, we had a huge popcorn mess. Thankfully the workers were ready with a broom as we were leaving.
One day he woke alone and the blood rushed from his face. There was a note on the dresser and he read it. His work now was all he had.
Michelle popped the morsel into her mouth. Delicious flavor and taste exploded across her tastebuds. Michelle thanked the server and took another hors d'oeuvres.
She filled out the paperwork and paid for the license. As she was leaving she asked how long before the license would arrive. To her surprise Florida prints your ID, you get it the same day.
She decided to teach herself. At first her scribbles were indecipherable. But as she practiced, her handwriting grew better and better.
He decided to go on an adventure. He went hiking. He went to the mountains and had fun.
She posted the items online for sale. People were purchasing the items quickly. Lisa had enough money to purchase her baby a full wardrobe.
Another customer interrupted to say that vitamins would cure cancer. He said Big Pharma has suppressed this information. I excused myself so I could face-palm in private.
The sun was shining and the weather was great. Frida laid out on the beach for hours and read a book. She had a wonderful and relaxing day.
He had fun writing in that style. He practiced it regularly. He went on to master it and had a beautiful writing style.
Natives were impressed with her grasp of the language. She had been exposed to the culture in various ways growing up. In turn, my being exposed to this made me an expert without textbooks.
The next day Sam had a large stack of bricks. He used the bricks to make a pizza oven. Sam made pizzas all summer in his oven.
He was still in love with her. Over a few days she began to have feelings for him. They ended up getting back together.
One of the skills I had to teach myself was C++ programming. I am thankful for the abundance of free resources online. It makes learning things free and easy and is a great asset to anyone.
The baby started crying immediately. Monica had so stay with the baby or else he would cry. It took nearly thirty minutes to get him to go to sleep.
One year, she left the turkey on the table to rest and my dog got it. He pulled it down to the floor, and we had no turkey to eat. Luckily, we still had plenty of side dishes to eat for Thanksgiving.
She came up with an idea to raffle off her radio at school. She sold 85 tickets at a quarter a piece. It was just enough for a haircut, and now she looks swell!
He moved south into Hungary, hoping he could relax in peace. But the Colonel was followed there by an angry former private. The private shot him down one day in Budapest.
He started to cut my son's hair. However, he accidentally shaved off more than what was expected. Therefore, he received a lower haircut.
He had a very big package. When I opened it, I was shocked. It was a birthday present for me.
I didn't buy any cookies or chocolates or sweets. I was so proud of myself! For lunch today I ate a carton of ice cream and I don't know why.
The clerk said Junior could be alive when our son was in college. Our son graduated from college in 2011. Junior is still going strong.
And he waited until the bus was empty to get off. As a result Gina had no time to eat breakfast in the lunch room. She hadn't eaten at home and now would be hungry until lunch.
But she felt she needed to give more cats a better life. She adopted more and more cats. But she realized they were too much for her to handle.
The girls got together and went for a week. They had a great time. At the end of the trip they didn't want to leave.
Jane then  came down with a cold, and gave the cold to the baby. The baby became sick and had to see the doctor. The doctor treated the baby, and it got well.
I bought four red apples. Alas, when I got home I realized that two were rotten. I decided to never again shop at that store.
I arranged the placemats neatly around the table. I folded the napkins on the placemats. I arranged the plates and utensils on the placemats.
That price was far too expensive. I decided to then buy it off amazon. It came the next day?
I sat down and took a bite to discover they were prune cookies. It was disgusting. I spat it out and decided to eat something else entirely.
He was sentenced to prison for two years. In prison, he decided to become a better person. He took a vow to never steal anything ever again.
Then Gabe saw the stricken look in his hardworking dad's eyes. He vowed never to say hurtful things like that again. And at prom, he had a great time- in his secondhand suit.
There was a whole family of dust bunnies under it! She realized it had been a long time since she'd looked under the bed. She vowed to check more often in the future.
Emily searched for something to wear. Unfortunately, her body was still out of shape from having a baby. Emily could find nothing but not-so-flattering clothes to wear.
Barbara looked in dumpsters behind grocery stores. She used food from the dumpsters to feed her children. Barbara successfully raised all seven children to adulthood.
It was hard for him to see since it was late at night. He ended up finding the large trash bin and drew the bag in there. Afterwards, he walked towards his house.
His parents found out when they got the bill. It was hundreds of dollars because of data usage. Danny was grounded until he could pay it back.
When Cody goes to let him in he smells an awful stench. His dog has been sprayed by a skunk. His wife gets special shampoo and they hose the dog down outside.
Suddenly he started slipping and he fell down. He noticed it was a banana. He was very embarrassed.
Without thinking, Tom leaped for it. Tom yelled as he flew right into the river. They both had a good laugh afterward.
The family went to the local animal shelter. That's where Katrina adopted Mister Whiskers. Katrina and Mister Whiskers are now best friends.
Mark didn't give up and became an expert. His father eventually went to one of his performances. His father fell in love with ballet and apologized to Mark.
He waited and waited but saw no dead mouse. Thinking his cat was useless he almost returned it. Finally, he woke up in horror to see a dead mouse on his pillow.
When the kids came out to hunt the eggs, they couldn't find some. Cody and Sarah had forgotten where the prize eggs were! The kids were so upset, and Cody and Sarah never hid eggs again.
They eventually stopped the fighting and talked it out. They realized what they were fighting over was stupid. They both apologized and went to go get a beer together.
All her neighbors bought her lemonade, and Cindy made lots of money. Cindy used the money to buy her mother a necklace. Cindy's mother loved her gift, and Cindy was very proud of herself.
He vowed to kill all the wolves. William ran into the forest, following the howls of the wolves. He never found them, and walked home defeated.
He carried the cassette by the tape itself and it pulled free. Jason tried to fix it. Dad found Jason with a 100' of VHS tape in his lap.
Erin took the dog home and began to feed it and wash it. The dog was really happy and Erin decided to keep it. Erin now goes to the park on weekends with his dog.
She found an affordable set near her house. She contacted the seller and went to pick it up. Ora was so happy that she never had to go to the laundromat anymore!
Then, she put the ingredients in a pot of boiling water. Soon, the noodles were done. She was happy to eat them.
But he couldn't find his car keys. He looked all over his room, he even cleaned his room. He was ready to give up, picked up a book and found his keys.
The dog bit his arm. He tried to break free and ran. The dog ran after him and jumped on his back.
They took a very long time picking the members of the jury. I met Jenn,we sat next to each other and served together. The trial lasted three weeks and our friendship is still going strong.
There was a drunk driver driving across her. He decided to turn into her lane. She quickly turned to another lane, but ended up hitting another car.
They began a game of catch. Soon Mick fumbled and dropped the ball. His sister won the game!
Cal loved Kip but he didn't love being his perpetual lap. He decided to buy Kip a heated bed for him to sleep in. Kip loved the bed and spent less time in Cal's lap.
He noticed this helped his productivity. He noticed this made his work experience more enjoyable. John became a much happier person in and outside of work.
He got more accurate with his throwing. He learned to hit a small target from many yards away. His accuracy throwing helped lead his team to the State Championship.
The kids got in the car and she told them she had a surprise. She pulled into the zoo parking lot. The kids were excited to see that they were at the zoo.
He waited for cars to come and dropped bricks. He got a direct hit on a green van as it drove by. The van crashed into the median.
But they were supportive and got cold when you laid on them. I was happy that we bought them. Afterall you can't pay too much for a good night's sleep.
She checked her phone but it had no reception. Instead, she had to use a phone booth. With the pay phone, she was able to call her son.
One day, John's mom came home excited. She had finally found a job to help pay the bills. John was aghast when his mom showed her cafeteria lady uniform.
She told the man next door, who seemed nice, and he offered to help. He fixed it easily and to show her appreciation, she offered dinner. He accepted and they hit if off, after which he asked her out.
Afterwards he sold his home. He bought a large area of land. He started a rural lifestyle by building a farm on his property.
The iron left a burn mark on his favorite shirt! Rod got very angry. He bought a new iron.
She asked me to cut some vegetables. I cut them up and she cooked them. When the meal was finished, it looked very tasty.
They were a huge hit. Subway's popularity has grown ever since. They now have even more restaurants than McDonald's
He was saving money to buy himself a car. He finally saved enough money. He bought himself a car.
We went running after it. When we caught up, it stopped and stared at us. We took a few photos and then let it go on its way.
They visited many stores. Anna got a new dress and her mother got herself a perfume. They had a wonderful day.
She checked his phone and saw he had been texting another girl. Constance cried on the plane back home. Once back in the US, she deleted all trace of Francisco.
He shared his college experience and memorable experiences. When the second guest game, he came with a motorcycle. He announced that he's an inventor of motorcycles.
She told him the day and time she would arrive. That morning he went to Walmart and bought new underwear and socks. Drew needed them too, his old shorts were stretched out of shape.
I suggested other activities. She disliked my suggestions and grew frustrated. We quickly ended our date and never talked to each other after.
Her roommate Mandy sees that she is broke. Mandy stocks up on groceries to share with Ariel. Ariel is thankful and has a full belly of good food!
Luckily, her photo was chosen! She would appear on the cover of a magazine. Her cover got her a lot of attention in the modeling world.
Ben decided to work overtime at work. Slowly but surely Ben was saving up the money. Eventually, he went to Hawaii!
The only kitten left saw me, clawed the cage and meowed for me. I couldn't resist, so I got her. She chose me, and I've had her now for eight years.
Tami and Gina walked and talked about their day at school. There was nothing especially interesting to tell. But Gina was happy to have the company.
The caller was their babysitter. Their children were sick. He paid the check, and the Smiths went home hungry.
One night he created the perfect floor wax. It was so good that you didn't need to wear special shoes. He put a patent on it and made a million dollars.
When Tina got her friends, they made hot dogs. Unfortunately Tina burnt the hot dogs. They had to make burgers instead.
A little girl asked for a butterfly on her cheek. When Lily painted it on, she added tiny hearts on the wings. When the girl saw it in the mirror, she giggled happily.
She rolled the chicken in butter, corn flakes and cheese. She put them in the pan and baked them for an hour. Once the chicken was done, her family sat down to eat.
The girls met at their favorite spot around the corner. The all ordered a large feast and loved it. The girls were so happy to see each other again.
While I was waiting, I ran into my boss. My boss then invited me to join her at her table for lunch. Not wanting to be rude, I joined her and her friends for lunch.
When the hurricane landed in Florida, it tore up building and trees! Jan took shelter in his bathroom and prayed. Luckily, the Hurricane missed Jan and he lived to tell the tale.
She asks around for the best way to stop. She decides to try this gum to assist her in quitting. Within a month she is down to just one cigarette a day!
Chuck had to teach his son the value of patience when hunting. They waited for hours, and eventually shot a big buck. They took a picture with the buck and cherished the memory forever.
He went online and picked a pair out. It arrived in the mail a couple of weeks later. He loved how the new glasses looked.
The boss noticed later that they were missing a lot of silverware. The boss made Frank dig through the trash to find some. Frank was able to find 20 forks and 8 knives in the garbage.
She bought lots of veggies and fruits from the store. She made smoothies and drank them every few hours. At the end of a week she lost 10 pounds!
The pal asked John to go through the test and physical too. When they were done, the recruiter extended his hand. He congratulated John for making it into the Navy.
I followed the instructions. I opened the ricotta cheese and it smelled horrible. I did not get to make the lasagna.
Since she forgot to put butter on the pan, the pancake was burned. Her mom took the pan and cleaned it up for her. The pancake ended up in the trash.
Finally they got to the theater. During the movie, someone had their feet against her chair. Lily had to yell at them.
So every chance he got he would use it to practice. He got a call on a group of kids skating on private property. So instead of busting them, he rolled up and got in a sick session.
Her dad had had a heart attack and was in the hospital. She quickly went to the hospital to be with him. Luckily, he recovered in a couple of days and was alright.
Angel called the administration office and spoke with the counselor. The counselor asked her what she wanted to do for a career. Angel chose to study Psychology.
Most days she got her brothers ready for school. One morning, one of her brothers got hit by a car. Jessica called 911 and her father immediately.
Her mother really wanted to take a shower. She put Alaina down in her crib. Alaina began to relentlessly cry for her mother.
The engine had died! A few days later I bought a new car. Now, I didn't have to worry about engine failure.
Joe tried to get as much studying in as he got ready in the morning. On the way to class, he was very worried. When he got to class, he found out the test was delayed.
John felt sad as he heard his friends expressing their excitement. On the day of the concert, John's dad surprised him with tickets. John happily called his friends, and they all enjoyed the concert.
She was zooming past all the other cars on the road. Once the road leveled out Megan slowed down. She never felt more alive than in that moment.
I got thirsty and picked up a cup to take a drink. It tasted weird! I had expected soda, but drank the water by mistake.
It was dark and spooky, and Thomas wasn't sure he wanted to go. They did not find a single ghost! Still, he was glad to have spent time with his friends.
After thirty minutes, it hadn't come so I decided to run to school. When I got to school the teacher gave me detention for being late. I tried to explain but she extended my detention for trying to argue.
They talked and found they had a lot in common. Stuart invited her to the zoo with his family. She waited, but he never called her again.
Sarah wants to visit home for Christmas, but can't afford to travel. One day, Sarah gets an envelope in the mail. It's a plane ticket her parents bought for her to come home.
She put on her biking outfit. She knew she was forgetting something! She remembered to helmet so she could be safe!
She had to chase after him. He took off with the leash. He then pulled Megan through the pond at the park.
One day, I stumbled upon some topaz. I sold the topaz for a nice profit! I realized that gemstone hunting was a good business.
They forced her to make new friends. After a week, Fran had found a new friend. She is much happier with her one new friend.
Eventually he noticed it was the trash. He was tired but decided to take it out anyway. It got rid of the smell.
When she got into her shower, she wondered why there was no hot water. Then she remembered she forgot to pay her heating bill. Tina's cold shower made her remember to pay it next time.
The second half of the article was missing, though. He went back to the store and checked the other papers. The entire run was misprinted.
He made several turns and all of a sudden became lost. A couple of assistants found him in a neighboring park. They brought him back to the home and put a gps tracker on him.
She thought they had a connection, and would be more friendly. But it was just another day where she was invisible. Gina hung her head and let out a deep sigh.
Kay made sure everything was perfect! The day after the party, all her friends called her. They told her they had had a wonderful time!
Manny's dad sold the trumpet on craigslist before it was paid off. Since the trumpet was gone Manny stopped paying the monthly payments. Now Carrie is in legal trouble because she owes money for the trumpet.
He put rope around his ankles, attached it to the tree and let go. He was quickly stuck and we ran for help. Eventually he came down but only after Grandma loosened the knot.
However, he social studies teacher encourages her to apply to college. Finally she is accepted at the local state university. Jamie is proud that she will be attending college next fall.
He immediately drove to the library. The clerk researched his late payment. She said that the system made a mistake since he already gave the book
They made Jim do his math homework until he got everything right. They did this for a month. Jim got an A on his next math test and he was very happy.
Suddenly, she had a new idea. She made a chain of paper loops. Then, she hung them up in the house for her dad.
She vowed to come back one day and reclaim her childhood souvenir. As an adult, Irene remembered the pinecone and went to dig it up. But there, in front of her old home, was a ten-foot-tall pine tree!
The shoes looked gorgeous on her. She couldn't believe how nice they looked. She liked them so much she bought another pair.
He followed the man to his car. The officer stopped the man and asked him about his hat. The man punched the officer and ran off.
She saved up all her money and finally went alone. The boat had a hull malfunction and sank. She survived but is now afraid of water.
He studied for hours on end. He felt prepared on the day of the exam. He took the exam and ended up getting an A on the test.
He wanted to win so badly that he cheated. We found out that he was adding numbers to his own score! He lost and had to take everybody out to dinner.
Sara liked her new version so she made up more words. She wrote down the words to remember them. Sara posted this song on her facebook to show her friends.
He spends two weeks practicing for the contest. Jeremy overcomes his fear and drives perfectly from the high board! Jeremy wins the contest and his classmates cheer for him.
Then, someone approached him with a job opportunity. He went in for the interview and he nailed it. He was so lucky to get some work.
She drove very slow through it to make it last. When she got out she felt sad that it was over. Alice thought about the next time she could drive through.
Mark played the pinball machine for three hours that day. His thumbs hurt, but he won 5000 tickets. Mark redeemed his 5000 tickets for a huge stuffed dog for his sister.
His boss talked to the coworker. The coworker continued to bully. Paul sued the company.
He got everything ready and took a taxi to the airport. When he arrived he was feeling great about his upcoming trip. But when he got to the counter he found he had the wrong flight time.
The highway out there only had light traffic. There was a parking spot right near the front. Mary arrived at work on time.
He talked for five minutes with a dear friend. When he disconnected, the sandwich was gone. After looking around him, he finally saw it at the bottom of the pond.
Amy was hesitant but agreed. She ran her hardest on the track that day. She was still surprised to see she had in fact made the team.
Then his aunt suggested he try brushing with baking soda. Rick was skeptical, but he began following her advice anyways. And in under a month, his teeth had become noticeably whiter!
One day he went to the dealership. He was able to finance a new BMW. Paul was so excited when he drove it off the lot.
She followed the directions, using the tape to pull her skin tight. Liking the effect, Vera went out wearing the tape. She was laughing with pals when the tape dislodged and her face fell.
He tried to walk by casually. Suddenly, the anchor grabbed him. He reluctantly agreed to give them an interview.
While walking to the bar he slipped and fell. The new pants got a bit hole in them. He had to go home and change.
He stumbled his way to the fruits section. There were no more apples available. He sighed and had a terrible day for the rest of the evening.
Her mother said no, but she could do chores to earn the money. Kelly spent the weekend cleaning the house and the yard. Kelly earned enough money to buy the shoes she wanted.
He recently broke his vows. He went against his code. He is no longer a Rastafarian.
They spent three years together in a very destructive relationship. A tragic event occurred where he passed away suddenly. Jacklyn now has to find hope that something better is coming for her.
Steven would always spend all his money on junk food. One day Steven won the lottery. He was able to eat all the junk food he wanted in Japan.
She did chores for a week for mom and dad. She raised ten dollars for her Chocolate. Missy got the biggest chocolate bar and became super happy.
She tried to slice the potato thin enough to fry quickly. She dropped them in the grease and waited. They ended up burned, but she still ate them.
Liam could tell Jill was truly frightened. He kindly suggested that they leave. Feeling protective of Jill, Liam was more endeared to her than ever.
So, we had to get her at the airport. The day we went to the airport I was so excited to meet my new dog. She came out in a crate and I was so happy to see her.
With only seconds left, his team scored 2 points. These two points were enough to give his team the lead. Tom was very pleased his team ended up winning.
Samantha worked on her application for two weeks. Finally, Samantha finished the application and listed it for sale. The application was a success!
I found out that I can knit baby blankets fairly quickly. So I went to the store and bought a bunch of yarn. Now I am busy making baby blankets that are a perfect gift.
His friend Tommy was there with his dog. Tommy and Mike talked while their dogs played. The boys said goodbye and went back home.
The clerk at the shop inspected the damage. The clerk told Amy the shop would repair the watch within one week. Amy was overjoyed that the shop would repair the watch so quickly.
He decided on a viola. His mom took him to a shop and he picked one. Then, they bought it.
One day Mike tried drinking it on his own. He loved the crisp, fresh flavor of white wine. From that day on, Mike loved white wine.
They all went out to the mall one day. They persuaded her to help them steal. But, when they all got caught they blamed it on her.
Their sophomore year, Lisa transferred schools. Realizing Lisa was his true love, Chris applied to transfer too. Chris was thrilled when he was accepted, so he could be with Lisa.
When Mandy got back, her fish had starved. Mandy asked her friend what happened. Her friend told Mandy that she'd given the wrong dates.
While hiking, she noticed a large canyon and wanted to get closer. While walking over to the canyon's edge, Hillary suddenly fell inside. When she hit the bottom, she was miraculously not hurt.
It took about an hour to get there but it was worth it. As soon as they got there they started picking. But the time they were done they picked 100 apples.
One day, she bought a ticket to a rock concert. It was for the front row. On the day of the concert, she had a great time rocking out.
After she took the test she got a terrible grade. Kelly felt horrible. She vowed to study next time.
She got out of her room and walked into the living room. She saw her mother using the vacuum. Her mom forgot she was sleeping and took it off.
Then we played checkers. Then we ate dinner. Finally I got paid 20 dollars.
Eventually he found one. Before he got there someone else took it. He got angry and went home instead.
When it rains they are in the mud and bring it in the house. Pam bought stones to line up along the fence and installed them. Now when it rains, the mud is left outside and not brought in.
Beulah finally decided to retire and take a vacation. She checked her savings and found she had over a million dollars. Beulah decided to take a permanent vacation.
When I met up with him, we exchanged the money and shoes. After he was gone, I opened up the shoe box. I noticed that no shoes were in the box, only rocks.
They drove to the orchard. Together, they picked many apples. It was a fun day.
However, he wanted to play with Joe's toy boat. They decided to exchange toys. They both ended up very happy with the exchange.
When it was time to go into labor, they ran to the hospital. Luckily the mother was not in pain. When the baby was born, it was a girl.
He shopped there for clothes, food, and jewelry. He bought lovely souvenirs for his family. He couldn't wait for them to see his Lebanese finds!
He hired a private trainer. The private trainer was able to improve Harry's swing. Eventually, Harry had the best golf swing in the club.
I agreed with him. I went to the store and bought several cacti. I was pleased because I would not have to water them.
Eugene stared impatiently as it sat there, nothing changing. He found other people on forums who were having the same problem. Eugene seethed that he'd stayed awake for this.
When she tried to walk away, the dog followed her around the house. She tried running however, the dog was persistent. The owner ended up carrying the dog away.
A classmate challenged Karen to a race across the monkey bars. He did not know that Karen and her friends often played on the bars. Karen won the race.
Suddenly he barked! I jumped up out of the chair to see who was at the door. Poor Pippin got dropped on the floor!
Charlie got picked on a lot at school. One day Brad got fed up with it and beat up a kid bullying Charlie. The next day the police came and took Brad away.
Then she saw a majestic bald eagle soaring. She had seen the American symbol of freedom! Anna was proud and happy to have seen the eagle during her trip.
The fishermen stressed and called the police. A helicopter arrived shortly for the fishermen. The fishermen were rescued.
Bob decided to hire a ghostwriter. Bob's teacher found out. Thus, Bob teacher gave him detention.
Sue ran everyday after work. Sue was eventually able to run for miles at a time. She was able to successfully complete the half marathon.
He tried convincing her in many ways. So Jay bought a temporary tattoo. His mom thought it was real and grounded him.
She couldn't stand to have him cry anymore. Finally, she called up her mom for some parenting advice. Her mom suggested having him chew on a wet cloth, and it worked.
They got into a huge fight. He broke up with her. Now she is a single mom.
He confronted her and asked for a divorce. She agreed and tried to be civil. He's upset but hopes the process will go as smoothly as possible.
As she neared her car she heard rustling and banging. Scared she turned around to see where the sound came from. Beth turned just in time to see a raccoon scurrying into the woods.
The first half of the speech went well. Suddenly, she forgot her lines. Everyone encouraged her and it was okay.
In her class, all of her friends caught a bad cold and missed days. Nina ate an orange every day and never got sick. She had the best attendance record in her whole class.
Soni went to the store and bought some cream. She applied it every day and every day her skin got better. Eventually, Soni's skin was perfectly healthy.
She thought it would just be browned a bit. Instead it literally started a fire. The alarm went off as a reminder to buy a new toaster.
His mom let him go to school dressed as one yesterday. All his friends were jealous that he got to wear a turtle costume. He went home a popular student that day.
I practiced on my hitting in order to make it happen one day. On my dad's birthday, I had a baseball game. At my first at bat, I walked up to the plate and hit a homerun!
Alice spun around in a circle and hit a tree. Alice, upset, got out and saw she had damaged her car. She had to pay a lot of money to get it fixed.
The judges told her she was a terrible singer. Shelly was heartbroken. Her grandma still thinks she should try to sing professionally.
However, he realized that she brought a coat. He noticed that the total bill was $1000 dollars. He argued with Jen since she didn't spend it on bills.
Sarah's sand collection is getting really big. She decided to give some of her sang to her nephew. This made Sarah's Nephew very happy.
He asked his wife to fix it. She found a matching button and sewed it on. Hal's can now wear his jacket again.
Pablo had to have his leg amputated. He was given a prosthetic but he was nervous about using it. Pablo worked with a physical therapist and learned to walk again.
He finds a deal on a large pizza with free cheesy bread. He calls and places the order. When it arrives, JD pays the driver and eats his pizza.
His plan did not turn out the way he planned for it to. He burnt his hand so bad. His mother had to take him to the doctor.
Kim and Beth decided to wait in the standby line. The girls stood in the standby line for 3 hours. Finally they gave up and watched the show from their hotel.
He saw the shelves were loaded with all different types of chocolate. But the prices were way too expensive for his tastes. Gary decided to not buy anything and return home.
As soon as they came in front of the entrance, they were stopped. A security guard told them to pull out their IDs. Since they were younger than 21, he kicked them out.
He searched through trash for discarded electronics. He worked hard and built a radio. Pat no longer had little resources, he had a nice radio.
Last week at the groomer another dog bit Trixie. The owner of the grooming shop called Trixie's owner to let her know. Trixie's owner took her to the vet who said she would be ok.
Mittens examined the totebag with her prize. Carefully, she stuck her paw into the bag. She successfully clawed the yarn out to play!
They then went to the park together. Overall, they had a pretty pleasant day. But the cookies were pretty expensive.
The cashier talked on the phone with her back turned to Amy. Amy waited patiently 5 minutes to pay for her purchase. Finally she simply left the purse on the counter and left baffled.
When their aunt died, she left them each one of the vases. They were shocked to learn the vases were ancient and priceless! They felt grateful to their generous aunt to whom they had been mean.
He eventually became addicted to the game. Sam would not leave his computer for hours at a time. Sam's parents made him go to rehab for video game addiction.
They hadn't realized it had gotten dark. Lynn wasn't ready to go inside. They defied her mother, and stayed outside another hour.
The girl was strong, but I felt confident in beating her. However, the girl beat me right away without breaking a sweat. Everyone around me laughed, but she was a good arm wrestler.
Mary's mother didn't believe in artificial sugar. Lucy was hungry and it was hours till dinner. Lucy was given peanut butter and celery for a snack.
Jim took up the dare and as he was going he fell out of the sled. Jim rolled a few times as the unmanned sled flew into the river. Jim was ok, and the two of them went home for the day.
One day he had a job interview. The interviewer said his breath was too bad to get a job. After that Sam always brushed his teeth.
He would type as fast as he could. He eventually broke some of the keys on the keyboard. He had to go out and buy a new keyboard.
I went out an hour later to let him in. I saw him running down the road. I never saw my dog again.
As he swung, he wondered what it would be like if the meat was moving. Then he heard a person call his name. He brought them their fresh cut prime rib, and then went back to work.
At the event, she went on stage and read her story. After she was done, they gave her a medal. Everyone clapped for her and she even got flowers.
She loudly called a waiter over and began berating them. Ashley was embarrassed with her friend's rudeness. She ended up leaving the restaurant.
Her Daughter had to force her into the car to go the the ER. She had to stay for several days. She figured out missing one day of work to see the Doctor isn't bad.
He approached one of the elephants. However, all of the elephants started to stumble. They ended up falling.
We took her to the doctor. The doctor diagnosed her with diabetes. Now she takes medication that makes her feel much better.
A few minutes later, her face started to get puffy. She immediately fell on the ground. Drew called the ambulance and they gave her medication.
He saw a friend named Susan. He walked over to Susan. He began talking with this friend Susan.
He visits the local laundromat to have his jeans cleaned. When they're clean and dry, he feels much better. Samuelson decides never to let his jeans become so dirty again.
Tom refused to take one. After an hour of arguing he finally took one. He was surprised at how good taking a shower felt.
He thought about his poor health. And he decided to skip the pie. Later, Tom felt good about his decision.
Fall was often his favorite time to be there in the forest. He eventually bought a house with its own woods. William tries to relive those memories to no avail.
Now Tom had to run to school because he was late. He tripped and fell into a giant mud puddle. Tom's school picture didn't come out too good!
The doctor examined him. Bill received a prescription for some strong cold medicine. Soon, Bill felt much better.
Jake had eaten the last one. Sam confronted him about it. Jake admitted it and offered to buy more.
She was undecided about whether to buy cheap beer or craft beer. After browsing for awhile, she came to a decision. She was going to save some money and buy the cheap beer.
He carefully took the package to his backyard and opened it slowly. Inside the package was a small ring and a folded note. It was a surprise gift from his grandmother for his birthday.
He then went to his mom's room. His mom then drives him to school. He makes it to first class on time.
Every month they decided to schedule one night to themselves. They went to dinner and then saw movies. Sam and Mel said date night was the best night of the month!
She fell into a hole that had been covered by the board. Luckily, she was able to catch herself and climb out. She wasn't hurt, but she was very scared.
Taking out his vacuum cleaner, he began going over every surface. Three hours in, he had filled all of the bags he purchased. Sitting down to relax, he decided to just hire a cleaning crew.
To fix the problem Pat decided to install a speed bump. The next time the drive went past he did not see the bump. The car bounced violently and the driver flipped Pat off again.
Ray agreed to be her partner. They turned their desks towards each other. Amy and Ray sat smiling at each other without speaking.
On their third date, he drank too much and called Taylor names. Taylor wanted nothing more to do with him after that. She changed her dating profile to specify non-drinkers only.
Today we are working on the fourth and fifth letters. He has been a little frustrated, but he keep on trying. By the end of the day he had learned the new letters.
One day she found her boyfriend cheating. Bethany was outraged. Bethany broke up with him.
He decided to carry dog pepper spray with him. But one day, he was attacked by a person instead. Unfortunately, dog pepper spray is weaker than normal pepper spray.
She had lost her smartphone the night previously. She bought a tourist map at a store nearby. She used it to navigate to her hotel successfully.
After leaving the house we went to the funeral home. There were a lot of people there! After the funeral was over we went to dinner.
He went in, knowing no one had been there in over 10 years. To his surprise, a dog was using the old building as shelter. After giving it some food, he befriended the animal.
He had to drive to the store to get it. On the way his tire went flat. And the project went over time.
It was scared and other dogs barked at it. Same realized his puppy was too young for it. He went home and waited to return when it was older.
They decided to evacuate to a relative's house. They arrived and learned from the news that it was a terrible storm. They felt lucky they had evacuated when they did.
For five weeks, he delivered the news to his neighbors. Each paycheck brought him closer to his goal. After more than a month, he was able to buy great new sneakers!
In the break room, she put her last quarters in the vending machine. When she pressed the button, nothing came out. Sue was kicking the machine when her new boss walked past.
She asked her family and friends with no avail. Finally Sue had enough and decided to buy a lottery ticket. She won $500 which helped her from not getting evicted.
He was playing on Saturday when his mom came into his room. She yelled in anger when she saw the game. Rob's mom sold his Sega Genesis as a punishment.
They were tired and fell asleep in the front seat. While driving Tory fell asleep and crashed at an intersection. She blamed the crash on the other car, but she was on camera sleeping.
He was showing off and he took water balloon as far as he could. His balloon went over his neighbor's fence and hit one of their emus. Aaron feels terrible to this day because he broke the emu's neck.
Later, Jill brought firewood into her house. Suddenly, at night, the storm hit her town. She woke up to see that she was snowed in her home.
Since the pain was intolerable, I decided to go the school's clinic. The doctor checked on me. I found out that I just had a minor stomach ache.
Her date came to get her, and she walked outside to meet him. She saw him, and was completely horrified by his looks. She canceled the date, turned around and walked back inside.
The dog's name was Sophia and she and Jake clicked immediately. Jake went to the front desk and asked to adopt Sophia. Sophia and Jake have been best friends ever since.
As she got on the balance beam, she lost balance. Becky fell to the ground. She hit her head on the beam and needed help.
This proved to be unwise. On the third dart thrown, the shot went wild and hit a passerby. The wager was called off, though this did not mollify the victim.
Sally's uncle used to make fun of her. Once her uncle dragged her out in front of the neighbors. After meeting the neighbors, Sally didn't feel so bad.
She finally got the ingredients ready to cook. When she was done he tasted it. He loved it.
So he prayed for snow. His prayers were answered. Sam was sad because he had to shovel all the snow.
After they had coffee they went to their favorite department store. Amber was looking for a Christmas gift for her husband. She found a sweater that she thought he would like.
One day Perry stumbled upon some information he didn't like. He found out his family was very active in the African slave trade. Perry became very embarrassed and disappointed of his ancestors.
Sam asked people for spare change. A pedestrian heard Sam and gave him enough change to catch the bus. Sam barely made it to work on time.
They turned around, and saw a huge bear approaching them. They dropped the baskets of berries and ran away. The bear happily ate all the spilled berries.
All of the children loved it and many asked to hold it. As Suzy held the glass jar, she lost grip and it shattered. Ladybugs were released everywhere and show and tell was banned.
He left his socks in the washer. When he came back they were gone. A stranger had accidentally thought Bob's laundry was his.
My dog suddenly leaped forward. The leash snapped in half! My dog ran away and I lost him.
I loosened the lug nuts. I replaced the tire. I could drive my car again.
Charlie was nervous in terms of how it would go. He walked into the office and actually the atmosphere felt good. Charlie was surprised by relieved.
Then told him to jump  and flap his arms. He didn't fly and he broke his arm. While it was a sad situation she told him he had to flap harder!
I decided that I would take one. I drove to her house to pick up the cat. I brought her back home and she was very happy.
These places were tough hiding spots such as the oven. I found my sister, followed by my aunt. I heard some noise coming from the shower, so I walked to it.
I couldn't figure out what was wrong with it. I took it to tech support but they didn't know the issue either. Looks like I have a dead laptop.
Once at the park there were kids yelling and sun glare. A bird almost pooped on his homework. He decided nature was too much and went back in.
At the end of the dinner Mary found a surprise in her cake. It was a beautiful diamond ring! Jake asked her to marry him and she said yes.
Then she thought of a low-cost gift he would enjoy. She baked him a tray of homemade Christmas cookies. Her boyfriend loved the gift!
He couldn't afford cologne or even a tie. He brainstormed, then came up with a gift idea. He gave his dad a big framed photo of the two of them!
Then he remembered he needed an appetizer. He decided to make shrimp and cocktail sauce. His appetizer was perfect to fit his themed dinner!
The second is that she loves to play catch with a tennis ball. So my childhood was an endless game of catch followed by hand washing. I don't think there is anything better than clean hands after a catch.
It was hanging out around her window and she tried to bat it. Then, the bee crawled into a hole. She couldn't get it and decided to give up.
I immediately purchased it. However when I tried it on at home is didn't fit. Luckily I was able to return it.
Soon, they were really bored. They decided to play hide and seek in the course. Soon an attendant noticed and kicked them out.
Jimmy went to the mall to browse some shoes. He decided to purchase a pair of white tennis shoes. Unfortunately, his new tennis shoes got stained the very next day.
That night, Becky heard the unmistakable sound of new kittens. She couldn't find the mama and babies in the special spot she made. Becky followed the sound to find the kitties in the bathtub.
I realized I needed a fish slice. The next day, I bought a fish slice. It worked much better than the spoon!
I then won the next two games. Tim quit, saying he was tired. I chatted with him for ten minutes before signing off.
She was about to hand out the most outstanding student award. Although I was confident about winning it, she called Jeff's name. I became mad when he walked across the stage.
Ray picked it up and kept it. He immediately left the restaurant. And kept all of the money inside the wallet.
She got stuck and couldn't get out. It ruined her shoe. Luckily she was able to get it fixed.
Sarah then went to the hardware store and purchased supplies. Upon returning home she turned the supplies into her dream table. Sara was proud when her family gathered around her table.
Joan watched other stage moms berate their kids. When her daughter got the jitters, Joan bawled her out. Just then, she caught sight of herself in a mirror.
She and her father liked the team they were playing against. They took turns teasing each other. The team Lisa like lost, but they all went out for ice cream anyway.
I hate getting shots. When I was done with the Doctor, I got candy. The candy was a reward.
Maddie luckily was able to get a seat. The movie was long but it was worth it. When the movie was over, it was great.
I went to get a closer look and realized I saw a white squirrel. Me and my friends had never seen an albino animal before this. We were so amazed we told everyone when we got back!
My client is rebuilding buses for a transit authority. The transit authority was upset over delays and cost overruns. The meeting ended on an angry note.
He struggled, communicating thoughts on the presidential election. Eventually Tyler relaxed enough to contribute to the group. He exceeded his own expectations.
Last night, it snowed heavily in his neighborhood. James went outside with a shovel and began shoveling snow. He made enough money shoveling driveways that he got his new outfit.
Max goes to the store and finds a nice blue shirt on sale. He buys it. The next day Max wears his new blue shirt to work.
She was hoping it wouldn't be busy. When she got there the shelves were empty. She left feeling frustrated and went home empty-handed.
One day Ashley developed a cough and fever after playing in the rain. Her mother insisted she had been right all along. But no matter how sick she got, Ashley though it was worth it.
The pain was bad. They both made a promise. They would never yell at each other like that again.
Today would be different though, as he had finally decided to tell. He went up to Jane and poured his heart out. Jane told him she hated him and asked him to leave her alone.
He tried to stay up. His parents found out and he got in trouble. Now his bedtime is at eight.
However, the branch broke. Drew fell on his back. He was sore for the past week.
But after ages in the oven, it still hadn't risen! Rita suddenly smacked her forehead. She had forgotten to add the yeast!
He set himself up with a year long plan to reach his goal. He worked hard and ate healthy for a year, making steady progress. A year later Steve was able to deadlift his goal weight!
So she decided to reheat some leftovers. She thought it wouldn't affect her cold. But a few hours later, she felt much worse.
Then, people started asking Amy if she was tanning. Noticing her skin was turning orange, Amy went to the doctor. When she described her diet of raw carrots, the doctor laughed.
Suspicious, she called the police. After the police interrogated the driver, Edith was embarrassed. The driver was merely a mother trying to get her baby to fall asleep!
Suddenly, a bad storm came out of nowhere! The family hid in the cabins basement until the storm passed. Afterwards, everyone was okay and there was no damage.
I caught a five year old. He jumped up and hit my jaw, chipping my tooth. I had to go to the dentist and get a cap.
He learned so many concepts that he didn't know about. Now he gets through his upper level courses easily. It turned out that his past teachers were just bad.
She sat down to read the book she'd started. Two pages later she remembered why she hadn't finished the book. Gina disliked the plot and decided to returned the book half read.
Jennifer went into the ocean and went swimming. She got out of the water and dried off with a towel. Jennifer then got in the car with her friends and went home.
Thunder struck with a force. All the sudden the power went out. Luckily though, I got power back soon.
He had to work for days to get around tricks used by advertisers. Frank's extension is coming along nicely, though. It's the best ad blocker I've ever used.
Her big sister looked for her all over. Finally she gave up and called for Meg to come out. Meg had won the game!
They finally decided to go on a date. They hit it off. They are now engaged.
So her mom bought her a model plane and explained how it worked. Then she let Sky watch videos of planes taking off and landing. By flight day, Sky was excited and ready to fly!
He lathered his face and shaved. Troy also shaved off his eyebrows. He learned a lesson because they took a long time to grow back.
He went online and reentered the information. This time, the payment worked. Jeremy was finally able to watch Netflix.
Finally she could not forgive him anymore. She filed for divorce. She is much happier now.
Bob sold them for really cheap because they were his friends. Now they ask him all the time for more candles. Bob has to say no because it takes so long and they pay him poorly.
Her mom called her best friend Lisa. Lisa said they were at the movies. Tina's mom picked up Lisa and grounded her for a month.
We flew to Florida the next day. My parents decided to take us to Disney World. We had so much fun and made great memories.
Nick didn't understand what was wrong with dolls. Nick decided to play with dolls in his closet in secret. Unfortunately, his father found out and grounded him for a month.
Phyllis heard everyone talking about the unknown beauty. Then she spied her only school friend, a homely girl. Phyllis ran to hug the girl, but the girl only saw a stranger.
She picked every lovely flower she saw. Then she assembled them together. Anne had made a lovely wildflower bouquet!
One day his student accused him of rape. He was utterly ruined. Tobias shot himself in the head.
He scoffed at the threat of Microsoft's PhotoDNA. The authorities arrested Jared for his very bad behavior. Jared confessed immediately and gave the officers his passwords.
The doctor said she should catch the squirrel, which could be rabid. Joan chased the squirrel around the yard and up a tree. When she fell, she ended up at the doctor without the squirrel.
He worried that she wouldn't like it. But she reacted very favorably! She hung Jim's ornament on the tree right away.
She turned to see her grandma standing on the sidewalk. Lucy turned around and went to her. Grandma wouldn't let her go on a walk for fear she would get lost.
She didn't want a dog or cat because they were too much work. Instead, she bought a beautiful bird. Having the bird at home made Ronda feel less lonely.
Danny dug through the freezer and found some chicken nuggets. He didn't read the directions and didn't cook them for very long. Tiffany ate them and the next day got food poisoning.
Jack fell down and broke his leg. His leg took six weeks to heal. Jack vowed to never try skating again.
Charles took his time, talking to several women before choosing. He asked a girl name Clarice to meet him at a hotel. Just when didn't think she would show, the cutest blonde arrived.
He found a bag of marshmallows and asked for some. She told him no, because they were old and stale. Evan didn't get it, but he didn't complain.
One day he misplaced a book and it was overdue. He would not go back to the library until he found it. When he did find it, he ran all the way to the library.
Her brother tied a piece of string to it. The other end was tied to a doorknob. When he slammed the door the tooth came out.
I packed paddles into a box. I also glued handles. I left in September to go back to school.
They told him it was the oldest one they'd ever seen. A week later they called to say the work was complete. They gave him a hug and a peppermint paddy when he came to pick it up.
Koa decided to find happiness. He quit his job and traveled the world. He eventually found happiness in a small buddhist temple in Mongolia.
The worker took her information down and researched the price. He said that it's worth $13 dollars. Gemma quickly refused and walked out of the store.
She met a cute young man and arranged a date. The two met for dinner and a movie. Ava had a wonderful time!
Francis used dog treats to encourage his puppy to sit and fetch. The dog learned these tricks very quickly, and Francis wanted more. The dog then learned so many tricks that he could now amaze anyone.
My bobber went slowly under, unlike a fish, more like a turtle. As I reeled it in, the resistance increased, dragging the bobber down. I was amazed to see that I had caught a huge blue clawed crab!
He decided to cheat. Mitch got caught. His parents were called and he was grounded.
When it was ready, she began icing the cake. Unfortunately, the frosting started to melt. Julia forgot to let the cake cool first, and now it was ruined.
He removed the drain plug and filter, letting the oil drain out. After draining, he got the new filter and put on the plug and filter. He started the car up and drove to the shop to recycle the oil.
There were still no Zoltars to be found. Just as Eli began to despair they appeared! Eli began working on them so he'd be able to eat that month.
I offered to help her and her husband renew their vows. I dressed up in a sport coat and read off a speech. They got divorced ten years later.
He took it to the company and they loved it. They began construction on Glen's design. After the building was done, Glen received a lot of attention.
He told everyone with sickness to put their hands on the screen. Reg's grandma made him put his hands on the screen. The TV man did not heal him of his asthma.
She tended the sprouts every day. Soon she had a small garden of veggies. Ellen didn't have to buy them anymore!
She went step by step through the recipe. The cookies baked but no one liked them. She mixed up tablespoons for teaspoons for the salt ingredient.
The old man wrapped the dentures in a napkin by his plate. The meticulous waiter went to replace the napkin with a fresh one. As he did, the dentures flopped out and landed on the table.
The mom finally decided to give it a bottle. The baby fell back asleep. The rest of the house could not go back to sleep.
He tried to go outside and run. He only did a mile and was out of breathe. However a year later he did his first marathon.
She got very nervous and immediately brushed it off She went home and washed herself thoroughly She was checking herself for ticks the whole day
Jim accidentally hit a traffic cone on the side of the road. Jim got out of the car and fixed the positioning of the cone. Jim drove back home and pretend like nothing happened.
I purchased a filter yesterday. Thankfully it worked wonders. Now I have clean water.
They all checked online to see what to do. The began fixing the roof. When they were done, the roof turned out better than before.
The day after had a forecast of clouds and high winds. The weather station then calmly predicted the apocalypse. Nat decided just looking outside was good enough after all.
He told me no. I decided to ask my friend. Thankfully, my friend wrote the letter.
She looked online to find a good deal. She found a trip they could buy. Sarah and her husband went on their trip.
After class, John went up to the professor. He gave the professor the gift, and waited to see what he said. The professor simply nodded and walked away.
He was a perfectionist and it was taking awhile to get a great one. Everyone was starting to feel fed up. Luckily, he got the perfect picture soon after.
When she woke up, however, she still didn't feel well. Sleeping in the mud and rainy had given Cecily the flu. She called in sick to work and spent the next two days recuperating.
Instead of resting, he decided to ride another roller coaster. Before the ticket vendor placed him in inside, he threw up. His mom had to carry him home since he couldn't drive.
When the day of the party arrived Sean was both happy and excited. Sean had a great time at the party and met many new friends. He can't wait until next year's party.
Tom decided to buy her a lot of good chocolate. She was very appreciative of the thoughtful gift. They went on to get married and live happily ever after.
His dad was an hour late. Alex was mad at his father for making him wait. Dad bought Alex pizza to make up for being late.
Bailey cried at all hours. Jan had to let Bailey sleep with her. Now Bailey is a spoiled pup.
She pulled into the driveway. She carried the bags into the Kitchen. Her husband was wearing her apron and rolling out pie dough.
Jill decided she was going to give Alice a makeover. She did Alice's makeup to compliment her appearance. Alice looked in the mirror and felt great about herself.
They told her she would never grow up. Jane loved her job. She continued working and did not care what they thought.
When I got to class the teacher was very nice. We painted and had no homework. I really like my new art class teacher.
As they arrive to the restaurant, they notice a food truck parked. The foley's arrived 30 minutes prior to their reservations. They decided to eat from the food truck and the restaurant.
He carefully weighed his options. George settled on a local steakhouse. He enjoyed his dinner very much.
Soon, the guys came over every week to enjoy the rec room. Bob found himself losing at pool and poker and getting hangovers. Bob surprised Peg by turning the rec room into her craft room.
The dentist announced that Bryan had several cavities. Bryan was completely surprised. He had to have everything filled.
I noticed that they have become very expensive. I had to go to the bank and get out more money. Now I have enough money to buy some shoes.
He practiced all of his clown skills. Chip hoped to find a good job as a clown. Chip became a famous rodeo clown and made dozens of dollars.
Soon after, they were awakened by a fire in their tent! A spark from the fire had ignited the tent. Cory wished he had built the fire farther away.
She did very well in school and got to perform all over the city. After college she took a job at a music school. She eventually worked her way up to director of the school.
She doesn't approve of unmarried couples living together So Jill's boyfriend has to stay elsewhere for the night. His best friend lets him stay at his place.
When she went to check on her, her niece was not in bed. She had gotten into Liza's makeup. Liza had to laugh when she saw how much she had put on.
Eva was tired of not having her own place. She enrolled in nursing school and graduated with honors. Eva began her career and bought her own house.
In order to be mean, they dress up as clowns. They knocked on her bedroom door. When Sue opened her door, she saw two clown masks and screamed.
She realized there were many jellyfish in the water. Emily found a lifeguard. The lifeguard made sure nobody went into the dangerous waters.
He ran to the end zone with 30 seconds left. He reached in the air and catch the ball. He had won the game for his team.
As soon as Joe said no, Drew punched him in the face. They fought each other in the front of the school. The security guard broke up the fight and issued referrals to them.
We took a lot of time, exploring the surrounding rocky landscape. When we entered the cave, our eyes filled with astonishing sights. Beautiful crystals and geodes covered the walls, and we smiled wide.
When she arrived she had fast food bags. She had thought of getting him food on her way home. They both appreciated each other's thoughtfulness.
He went to the hardware store and purchased a sewing kit. The next day he asked the owner if he could repair it. Now the flag waves in the wind as if it was never torn.
It was a free trip on a cruise. Tim could only bring one friend, and it caused a lot of jealousy. Tim decided to get rid of his ticket, as the drama over it was awful.
Luckily, he was able to see a doctor. They cleaned his ears. Now he can hear again.
Remy had to beg on the streets. Because he had a rich kid name, no one believed he was poor. Remy cried every night at his pretentious sounding name.
His friend Peter told him to get a fast pass to make the wait shorter. A fast pass allows you to use a special line. Instead of waiting for an hour David was able to get on in 15 minutes.
She immediately bought them. After trying them on she was inspired to take tap dance lessons. Susan eventually became very proficient at tap dancing.
He saw the person was selling one. They allowed him to try it out. He bought it
He opened his satchel and produced a well worn trumpet. A mournful dirge dripped sonic sorrow over the cemetery. Eric always spoke with his father on the anniversary of his death.
One day she decided to bring her flute to school. She played for the class. After that she always had friends to talk to.
Alex decided to try. As he swung, he accidentally hit a rock. His arm was broken and he had to go home.
In the summer she could sit in the garage. She would leave the door open and let the natural light stream in. It was her very own private oasis.
We drove to the stadium. We went inside and bought hot dogs. We sat and watched the game, but we thought it was boring.
He decided to take a nap. Chris napped for three hours. When Chris woke up he felt much better.
He was very good at it and made a habit of following people online. The media decided  to attack him for just wanting to make friends. But 4Chan was too good and never got caught.
Ryan decided on working more hours to save up to move out. He eventually saved enough to move out with 3 friends of his. Ryan has been enjoying life much more without his father.
She admitted that she had cheated on him. He got so mad and kicked her out immediately. He never got back together with her.
Mandy handed in her resume to several employers. After several weeks, Mandy received a phone call from a company. Many was excited that she finally landed a job interview.
After a while he became very tired of working with computers so much. It made him not want to play on the computer in his free time anymore. Now Ben exercises at the gym in his free time.
While there, Jim gained more customers and made much more than usual. He made a point to end up in detention once a week. By the time he left school he had made enough money for college.
He plants evidence and gets her fired. Bernie's devious plan works and he gets promoted. Bernie is satisfied with his new job.
He came up with an idea. He poured a bag of flour over his head. He went trick or treating as a mummy.
When her friends got there it was late. Thankfully the theater let them still attend. They told them they were never too late.
Jack took the dog to his house. Jack and the dog really took to each other. Now Jack has a new dog!
The idea was to see how well his dog got along with any new ones. Fred found a mutt who seemed to hit it off with his current dog. He brought home the mutt and they lived happily ever after.
Billy and i fought the first day of school. Two weeks later we became first friends. From the third grade to adult we are still best friends.
She saw how hard and tiring it was to wash dishes constantly. She went home and saw her poor mom struggling to do the same thing. After that, Ann did the dishes every day without being asked.
It took me over two hours to get them clean. I am glad I only have to do dishes once a week. I will use less dishes because I do not like to wash them.
Initially they thought he had pancreatitis. Later they said he was diabetic. He was released but has to get insulin shots.
He found out for a good price but abraham is kind of cheap. He tried to haggle with the worker. The worker wasn't having it and kicked him out.
Johnny really wanted to ask Elizabeth to the dance. Elizabeth was already going with Mike. Johnny reluctantly asked Rachel to the dance instead.
So one day brought home a kitten named Oliver. They were nervous about how the cats would get along. It all worked out, Oliver loved Frankie and Frankie came to like him.
He looked everywhere but he could not find it. That night, he put some food in a deep bowl. The next morning the hamster was in the bowl safe and sound.
He took photos in the name brand fashion he owned. He posted the photos on Facebook. Two days later a clothing company e-mailed him for a modeling job.
He resolved to study hard from now on. Every night he reviewed his lessons and texts. Luckily, Ed was able to graduate with his class.
The parents called to tell may they would be 3 hours late. Although May was upset, she agreed graciously. When the parents returned they paid May $30 then agreed to.
She bent down and discovered it was a silver coin. She dug around the sand. She found many more silver coins, with no explanation!
She practiced so much her hands and shoulder became sore. She had a school concert and was worried she wouldn't play well. She went to the concert and played beautiful music with her violin.
Suddenly, she had to run into the bathroom. When she came out, everyone said that she had missed the whales. They didn't see anymore for the rest of the trip and Jessie was upset.
The prices were good and the food was even better. Then for some reason the burger joint was shut down. Bob now has to find a new place to get his burgers.
Finally half an hour after Sal was suppose to arrive he called him. Sal was waiting at a different restaurant. Ben had made the mistake, so he drove to the other place to met Sal.
He decided to lift weights. He did it for 2 weeks straight. He ended up giving up.
She hurried to retrace her steps. At her coffee shop, the barista handed her a keychain. Someone had turned in her keys!
Jim went to an audition to take a test. He got every question but one correct. The producer told him he was going to be on the show.
We make a lot of arrangements and have tight schedules. We are surrounded by beautiful flowers all day. I get to be creative so it's more good than bad.
So early in the morning they all meet for donuts at a local shop. They have their fill of donuts and coffee. The best part of this day is the conversation and family time.
So one day she pushed up her bottom. She stretched her legs. Then Margot took her first steps.
However, Carlos has prepared to make a special stir fry for dinner. His girlfriend is amazed at how delicious the stir fry tastes. Carlos is so proud that he cooked dinner for his girlfriend.
HE turned 23. My wife, who used to mind him as a child, posted a photo of GE at two. The photo got a lot of likes and favorable comments.
Randy had an idea for a joke. He made a life-size doll of himself, wearing his clothes. With the church at the waterfall, Randy tossed the doll over the edge.
A google search revealed the MTurk website and he promptly applied. After a few hours of practice, Bob had made a little over 3 dollars. With some more work, Bob expects to supplement his favorite pastime!
Once he remove the bandage from it's claws, it moved. Drew got clamped on his finger. He hat to cut the lobster's arm off in order to break free.
It was really busy. He went to the ice cream section. The chocolate ice cream was all gone.
Mister Tom took a detour from the next stop. Andy was surprised to find himself at a convenient store. Mister Tom got Andy candy before finishing the rest of his stops.
The apple was rotten. Laurence looked in the fridge and realized everything was expired. Laurence decided to clean out his refrigerator more often.
Without her knowing he started practicing dance moves. He spent months trying to get better. When she found out she was really touched by his effort.
Sam paused the game to drink his soda. His potato chips spilled all over the floor. Sam picked up the mess that he created.
I was stuck in the middle of the ocean. I shot a flare for help. A boat saw the flare and came to help me.
When it came time to eat, her mom brought a cake out. The cake turned out to be vanilla. Elizabeth was disappointed, but she still appreciated it.
He found a wounded deer in his path After mending the deers wounds he went on his way to his house The deer went on to have a full life and had a lovely deer family
Tara practiced with a voice coach and finally auditioned. When she got on stage, Tara began to sing with all her heart. The judges loved her voice and accepted her into the competition.
She wouldn't leave the van, but her mom made her. One Jenny got to school she was very shy. Eventually she opened up, and made lots of friends on her first day.
John learned how to puncture an egg yolk and mix it with dye. Then he began painting with the resulting ink. John found that the egg tempera paint was vivid and bright.
Mark thought he died and went to heaven. In the library, Mark tried reading every book. Now Mark works at the library because he loves reading!
Her family and friends heard about her plight and decided to chip in. They gathered enough money to buy her a new car. Jane was beyond overjoyed and grateful.
On a lunch break, he met a Nissan car salesman. The salesman invited Charles to apply for a car loan. Charles was approved and the salesman sold him a Nissan.
I went to go tend to it. I realized there were hundreds of bees swarming the tree. I realized I should be careful during blooming season!
That meant that my dog was alone for nine hours a day. We started to feel bad for him. Thus, I quit my job so I could stay home with the dog.
After a three months Jim didn't know very many Spanish Words. Jim decided to move to Mexico. Now Jim speaks Spanish fluently.
She didn't have a horse. As she walked outside she was a man coming towards the house. His horse had gotten out of the pasture, wandering into Sue's yard.
He ordered a large crate of 1,000 off of eBay. He was able to get them for cheap buying bulk. Tim never needed to buy new socks ever again.
Horace buys a nice tissue to clean off his glasses. He diligently cleans all the grease from his glasses. Horace is so happy to no longer have greasy glasses.
Jay was being careful, but not careful enough. He realized that his flame was too close to the girl in front of him. Unfortunately some of her hair was singed off before he noticed.
We didn't know what it was at first, but it smelled weird. My girlfriend said it was coming from my armpits. Apparently my deodorant failed me and I was so embarrassed by my odor.
I was forced to do several push-ups. He told me to stop as soon as I fell on the floor. I walked into the locker room feeling sore.
All of a sudden Jenny smacked Linda with a pillow. Then everyone picked up pillows! They laughed as they ran around hitting each other with pillows.
Fred ended up getting way too drunk. His friends had to call an uber. He went home safely.
Suddenly, Tony passed gas very loudly. He did not seem embarrassed. Ellen decided to end the date.
The second one was only 3 years old with long dark hair. Everyone called the first girl Big Carla and the other Little Carla. Years later they met but Little Carla was the biggest by then.
The camera was heavy and had a large flash drive. We used it at a school event and the other parents were astonished. Now everyone just uses their thin phones.
Tim didn't like violence, but he punched the boy anyway. The boy fell and started crying loudly. The teacher sent Tim to the principal's office for punishment!
They have Linda interview potential candidates. She identifies a candidate. Linda retires and the company moves on without her successfully!
Every cake looked amazing. Every time she chose one, she saw another one she liked. Finally, without Lucy's help, grandma decided on a spice cake.
She found a great lowfat chocolate muffin recipe. She made a batch, but it turned out horribly. She decided to just eat a few pieces of dark chocolate instead.
When she went to rinse a plate, she dropped it into the sink. Thankfully, it didn't break. She finished washing the dishes.
He said that Ryan needed to polish his boots more. That night Ryan bought a big can of boot polish. He spent all evening making his boots shine.
After reaching the doctor's office, Gary signed in to be seen. Gary's name was called, and he went to see the doctor. As his height was being measured, Gary realized he was getting taller.
He ends up striking out. He left the game disheartened. His parents gave him cake to cheer him up.
The day before the fundraiser ended, Nell broke her piggy bank. She counted enough money to buy a few boxes of candy. Sick to her stomach from candy, Nell turned in the money.
So he decided to it more often. However, he noticed his dark chocolate bars had lots of fat. And Hank's dream of eating dark chocolate all the time was destroyed.
I stared at them for what seemed like a long time. My little brother came home a few hours later. He put together my computer desk for me.
When she walked into the class she was happy. The first class consisted of drawing. When she was done drawing, she hung it in her house.
She never married and went to a nursing home when she was old. No one ever visited her. However, her child tracked her down and showed up one day to meet her.
When the girls entered the salon, they were greeted kindly. They picked the polish and the artist worked her magic. The girls were then pleased with the results.
He called the company and had a box shipped to the US from overseas. When it arrived he wrapped it up with a bow and brought it to her. Marie was so excited and thankful for the thoughtful gift.
He gathered up some toys and headed for the door. His mother called from the kitchen and said she had cookies. So Cade decided he would run away tomorrow.
She felt horrible. The next day she took him some candy to make up for it. That's when she realized he hadn't even noticed!
They set their horses up to a tree and sat down. As soon as they walked away, the horses got away and ran far. Ted looked at their restraints and saw that they were loose.
She talks to her friends to get ideas. She decides to try online dating. Sara meets someone and decides to meet them for a date.
He did extra drills after practice. The day before the game, he broke his ankle. Alex was so disappointed.
After Years of laboring, she was successful! Rebecca named the robot Janelle. They were best friends.
I put electrical tape on it, but it is loosening. Today I put a cable tie on it. That solved the problem for now.
By the end of the hike, they were way behind her. She had to sit and wait for them, which was boring. Luckily, they showed up not too long later.
When he got to school, his teacher was stuck at home sick. Instead of the test, Gary got to watch a movie in class. He was so thankful to get another day to study for the test!
John rushes to the door. His package was placed by the door. John opens his package with excitement.
Jamie found out that her father was sick and she came to the hospital. They each apologized as he passed away. Jamie is happy that she could reconcile before her father passed.
Today he had an argument with his girlfriend. Instead of hitting himself in the head, he hit a wall. His hand broke in two spots and now he has a cast.
To get ahead of things she promptly left to get supplies. She was able to make it back before the weather got too bad. Claire was able to wait out the storm comfortably in her home.
He mother told her she couldn't afford a nice one. Her mother instead took her to the Observatory. Amy was sad to leave, but loved her trip to the observatory.
He had received a call from a woman upset about her laptop. She was furious and cursed him over the phone. Tim escalated the situation to his manager who refunded the woman.
But eventually, the fan's noise became unbearable. Jim didn't have enough money to buy a better fan. So he wore earplugs the rest of the day.
Luckily, a witness had seen it all. The cops tracked down the driver that hit Tim. She was arrested and thrown in jail.
The game started off with both players equal. Around the middle, the other player took the lead by a full 10 points! However, Bob sank shot after shot, leading to a close 72 to 71 win!
The customer was very angry over the mistake. John's boss had to apologize for everything that happened. The customer did not forgive John or his boss.
He decided to do an online business that sells stickers. He bought a hostname and somehow, it has been getting popular. He is very happy about the outcome.
It turned and saw us too. We all slowly backed away and left. Luckily it didn't chase after us.
As she sat he offered her a sandwich. All Lucy wanted was to go to the friends. She waited thinking he ate way too slow.
He decided that day that he too needed a briefcase. Seth bought a stylish briefcase for his resume and notepad. He was hired for the next job he interviewed for.
The ball was on a little stand. His brother told him that he started with t ball too. That made Mike feel much better.
She practiced in front of the mirror for hours. She was finally able to sing a clear note. She can now sing beautifully but still needs more practice.
Then, she downloaded each of their albums. Finally, she put all of the music on her device. When she was done, she listened to it.
However, nothing was on. I told my wife. She made me wash the dishes.
Eight inches of snow fell Saturday night. John got up early to shovel Mister Frank's sidewalk. Mister Frank was very grateful for John's help.
He was always cheating. She really loved his brother. She dumped him and was very happy.
The music teacher was worried that they'd have to cancel the show. Fortunately, the local church offered their stage to the school. The school was able to put on its show, after all.
The job wasn't what she thought it would be. The kids were disrespectful and rude, and she hated her job. Soon, Sarah did not love teaching anymore.
One of the players was the mother of a young child. She was almost late getting her child from daycare She stopped playing chess with us.
She bought a cookbook and watched videos on YouTube. Amy bought the ingredients to make her first batch of cupcakes. Amy worked hard and was proud her cupcakes came out well.
I showed up and it was very crowded. I watched all the bands play and met some people. Afterwards, I went home and was sad.
One of the measurements was sort of confusing. Molly called her grandma to ask about it. Her grandma gave her the correct number.
The newly installed metal monster at First National beckoned him. He got in as easily as he thought he would. Sam didn't have a plan to deal with the guards waiting inside it.
The distance made it difficult to spend a lot of time together. They decided to start planning an annual family getaway. They have now traveled to over 10 countries together!
When he had the story worked out, he began to write the story. After writing the story, the writer's computer broke randomly. The writer decided to give up on the idea for the novel.
Two weeks later he wins 200 million in the lottery. His ex girlfriends calls and says she made a terrible mistake. He laughs at her and and hangs up the phone.
Jacob threw the football into Matthew's hands. Matthew ran around the players on the other team towards the goal. He scored the winning touchdown and the crowd cheered loudly.
I was initially surprised. Then I realized that several of my friends have my company recently. It got me thinking that I could use a new job.
He went right away to a barber. The barber tried to trim it but it was too thick. The guy remained lonely to this day.
I splashed cold water on my face, threw on pants, and answered again. He told me he was just dropping off some mail and to go back to bed. If I had known that I wouldn't be up right now.
The teacher found it and read it to the class. The boy heard and laughed. Erin was embarrassed.
She ended up going home around 1 o'clock in the morning. She also ended up falling asleep when she got home since she was tired She got a phone call from her friend who told her that she overslept.
She spent a whole hour observing and picking the flowers. Her mom came outside and gasped. Mary didn't realize the flowers belonged to their neighbor!
Every morning I would bend over her to take her pulse. Like clockwork, she would touch my breast and ask if it was a sandbag. She has since passed on but everytime I see a sandbag, I think of her.
We made the 2 hour drive to New Orleans. We went to one parade. What we saw was unforgettable.
Tom was unsatisfied with the prices he saw. Tom browsed an online shopping site. Tom found a usb charger at a good price and bought it.
He was still able to make it play. Everything was fine until the end. It kept skipping and ruined the movie.
James finally decided to become a waiter. He finds a job waiting tables at a small bistro. James is very pleased he found a job in the food industry.
She asked her mother for the art supplies. Her mother gave her the paper and pencil so that she could draw. Lorraine drew a picture of herself and her mother smiling together.
Then, Stacy smelled the aroma of deep-fried goodies. She stopped at each vendor to sample the wares. Two hours later, Stacy was back at the car with a belly ache.
Mike bought a pole and a bucket of minnows. He went fishing and caught 12 bass. He cooked them and ate the delicious meats.
Gerald cooks a delicious stir fry of meat and vegetables. After eating he feels very full. Gerald is content now that he is no longer hungry.
She never gave it back. I confronted her. Patty claimed she lost it.
He took her to the rink to go skating. Dan had never been ice skating before, so he fell down a lot. He decided that next time, he would take his girlfriend to the zoo.
Courtney is happy until she finds out that the baby was miscarried. Chandler decides to break up with Courtney. Courtney is now very heartbroken.
They gathered all of their material's and started building it. They finished their birdhouse and painted it for the bird's. After the rain stopped they put the birdhouse outside for them.
He went to the park alone. Danny walked 4 miles at the park. Danny was proud of his exercise while at the park.
She worried about it a lot. Finally, she contacted one friend and scheduled an outing with them. She was able to go to the other party without guilt.
She could tell he was in a lot of pain so she took him to the ER. There they diagnosed him with appendicitis. He had to have surgery right away.
After weeks of calling she was finally able to get a table. Mary ordered chicken and rice and received her chicken under-cooked. Mary was disappointed and left a bad review.
The doctor prescribed Jeremy an antibiotic. He took the medicine exactly as prescribed. Jeremy is no longer ill.
She finally sat down and started making a list of her deductions. She put it away for a few weeks and then brought it back out. She sat down again and spent 4 hours finishing up this awful task.
Instead, I like to handwrite my work. I keep a journal and pencil with me at all times. But one time I lost the journal, and with it two weeks of work.
Gina called her friend Pam who had also had a phone taken. Pam told Gina the teacher would never return her phone. Gina hung up more depressed than ever.
Sasha Bebo did not like people not even Ronda. Ronda always wondered what she was truly thinking. Sasha ran away 5 days later.
My day was going horrible. I ended up talking to a homeless man who was sitting nearby. He was the best listener I've ever ran across.
Suddenly, the children ran towards the biggest tree. It was the perfect Christmas tree! The Walker family tied it to their car and took it home.
The barber sneezed when he was shaving his hairline. There was a huge swatch of hair missing from the back of Lou's head. His buddies teased him to no end at the dance that night!
The art piece was displayed in a gallery at a fancy show. Many people offered a lot of money for the work. The artist refused and kept the piece for himself.
She went through five different dressings before she found the one. It took months, but now she eats salad regularly. Her cholesterol is way down as a result.
She ran to the nurse and explained what happened. The nurse sent Kia home for a change of clothes. Kia went home gratefully to change her stained underwear.
When sue returned she was in a bathing suit and had no jeans. Amy was questioned Sue about her jeans. Sue lost Amy's favorite jeans, and didn't seem to care.
Tina married a stern man, named Jim. Tina's daughter listened to Jim. Tina was very happy.
At first there were not many birds at the bird feeder. Sarah used a different type of bird seed. The new bird seed attracted many birds and even squirrels!
He spent two weeks studying the same script for the position. Suddenly his manager said he wasn't good enough and demoted Greg. A pushy, fat and black girl was Greg's manager so he quit.
Next, she attempted to pull it through the back door. She then took a large rope and tied it as tight as she could. Faye is now enjoying eggnog while decorating the tree.
He spent countless hours practicing and failing. He started to grow weary, but his father talked him through it. He performed his first show and did everything perfectly.
On the day of the drawing everyone awaited the results. The raffle man plunged his hand into the bowl of tickets. He pulled out ticket number 564 and the owner won.
When I came back for my drink, it tasted funny. After looking into the cup, I realized that it was lake water. My cousin ended up taking my cup.
A strange person sat next to her and said hi. She was familiar with the person and asked who he is. He said that he used to be a good high school friend of hers.
Everyone had a fun time playing on the boat and grilling out. I got a bit too sunburn. Other than that it was a great time with good people.
Sadly, this duck had been struck by a car, a hit and run. I took the duck home, binding his leg with coban, setting the leg. Hoppy the duck lives in our backyard now, doing fine with one leg.
She ran onto the snow mounds. She was told to get off because she had no snow pants. Beth whined that life was unfair.
It swooped over the yard looking for mice. The owl would catch mice for its babies. Eventually we cut down the tree, and the owl left.
When he got home he cooked the steaks. He then tried the new steak sauce and shared with his wife. They both loved it and now but that sauce every time they shop.
One night Jill lost her phone in her bedroom. She went outside and made three new friends that night. Jill realized that her phone wasn't as important as she once thought.
Cole had an interview at a store. Cole was nervous but did his best. A week later he got a phone call that he was hired!
When I got near, it didn't move. I figured it was sleeping, or maybe it was dead. Then, all of a sudden, it scurried away.
He went to the door to ask Miss Lindt what happened. She said they had been to the groomers that day. Some pink dye fell into the bathwater, dying their fur!
One friend fell off and made a great splash. The other two circled back and rescued him. They were more cautious after that.
He put in two roads. He incorporated the town of NoTrees. The scenery now consists of solid shade.
His cat got close to it. Sam told him to get away. The cat knocked over the drink anyway.
All of my friends came over and watched the game. Many of them commented on my new television. I am happy with my new purchase and I want to buy another.
On the last day of installation, there was an accident. Ann crossed the wires, which caused an electrical sparks. Needless to say, Ann finally called for professional help.
Darius decided to sneak out of his house on Halloween. He dressed up as a pirate and scaled down his bedroom window. His father caught him and grounded him for two weeks.
Bob calls in sick even though he feels fine. When Bob's boss comes to check on him he realizes Bob is not sick. He fires Bob.
He practiced everyday after school. He eventually got better and better. Jake eventually got good enough to win the talent show at his school.
Penny fell asleep in the back seat. When she woke up,they were pulling into an amusement park. Penny loved the surprise.
I decided to get my doctorate degree. I went through so many years of schooling. I finally got my PHD.
Some of you have asked to meet her. I understand the frustration but can't make that happen. I'm not sure if you guys are just in my imagination or she is.
When he put the costume on it was too big. He went to the yard to see the kids wearing the hideously large suit. The children began screaming when they saw the monster bunny.
However, a lifeguard announced that a shark had been spotted! In fact, all the nearby beaches were closed due to sharks! Although disappointed, Mandy became interested in marine biology.
During one play, the lead actor sprained an ankle and couldn't perform Tad, who had memorized the part by heart, auditioned for the lead. Tad passed the audition and finally got a chance to act in a play.
Soon the gutter was full of foam. It began to back up into the grass. Soon there were large foamy peaks of soap on the grass and sidewalk.
He found a service that let users promote dating websites and be paid. He signed up and promoted a dating service on social media. After six months Charles didn't make a single dollar from the service.
The children were excited to go for a walk in the woods. After parking the car, the mother sees a posted sign. The sign says that deer hunting is today, so the hike is off.
But she liked the old one better. The old one was out for the rest of the year sick. After 2 months Gina had forgotten about the sick teacher.
She rushed to brush her teeth and get dressed. Right as she was about to leave her Mom stopped her. Her mom told her that school was out that day.
He needed a solution. Sam decided to sleep with a nightlight. Sam never had a bad dream again.
There, she found it was made with real alligator skin! Anna was appalled at the animal cruelty. She decided not to buy the purse after all.
Then she asked her mom and aunt for cooking tips. They helped her out and let her make practice meals. By Thanksgiving, she was skilled enough to cook her family dinner!
She told her friend who works there about how she felt. He told her she can use his classroom for her studies. She was very grateful.
The letter was addressed to a person I didn't know. I ripped open the letter and read it anyway. I wrote back to the sender and told him to not bother me.
Everybody seem to have their own group. Felt like I didn't fit in anywhere. It took me almost 4 months before I met people I could hang out with.
Rather than staying at home, he decided to take a walk. He walked down the sidewalk and saw a beautiful red bird fly overhead. This was a rare sight so now he was not quite as bored.
Christine wanted to finish reading a book rather than visiting. Carrie wasn't much into reading and she got very bored. Christine loaned her a book and now Carrie is an avid reader too.
He was so tired the next day! But he grabbed a coffee and made it to every class. Thanks to his studying, Dee aced each exam!
They knew phones weren't allowed in detention. But it was so boring they didn't care. On their break the laughed because they outsmarted the teacher.
She tried to set it up as soon as she opened it. Afterwards, she showed it to her child. When the child was playing with it, it broke instantly.
When she went to take the test, she was confident she would do well. When she got the test, she didn't recognize any of the information! She had accidentally studied the wrong chapters.
She placed the heat on low and walked away from the kitchen. The egg was burnt when she came back. However, her brother volunteered to eat it and said that it was good.
One country managed to put a satellite and a person in space first. However, the other country managed to put a man on the moon first. Now, the two countries cooperate in matters of space exploration.
As he was typing, he accidentally spilled his coffee. His notes for his presentation got soaked with coffee. Jim had to print out another copy before his presentation.
He opened the oven door and reached for the cookie tray. But hot air from the oven irritated his eyes and face. And he dropped the cookies all over the floor.
One day, Mr B gave up. And he decided to let his students do whatever they wanted. But they felt strange because Mr B was so quiet.
Then, she strung some popcorn on it. After that, she added ornaments, candy canes and tinsel. Finally she put a star on top.
His wheel caught on a small rock. Ben crashed and scraped his knees. Ben rides more carefully now.
Her cousins came over to visit and heard the song playing. They were jealous they didn't have the song. That was what Gina had intended all along.
Her parents told her she had to save her money. She got a job at the local pet store to earn money for her car. Over time, she saved enough money to buy herself the car she wanted.
Unfortunately, she had run out of ideas. Suddenly, she had the idea for a hair style tutorial. She filmed the video and then posted it.
The jester keeled over on the second drink. The king asked who had prepared the drinks. The king had the queen's mother killed.
Her dog knocked over the paint. Jessi tried to clean it up. Now there is a huge spot of red enamel paint on the carpet.
He looked under the couch, bed, and in the bathroom. The phone was not in any of those places! He found the phone in his jacket pocket!
Emily tried a natural remedy. She put strong mint lotion on her cheeks and nose. Her sinuses cleared out within 30 minutes.
Since she can run fast, I experienced some difficulty catching up. In addition, my right shoe opened from the inside out. I ended up falling on the ground.
They were on stage in the middle of dancing. Suddenly, Sasha fell during a move. Luckily, she got back up and they were able to finish the dance.
They had a game last Saturday and the scores were very close. Right before the buzzer, Kalid made a shot and it went in! He won the game for his team and realized all his hard work paid off.
He wrote a song about his troubles in life. He performed the song to a judge at an audition. Wayne eventually got signed onto a record label.
The artwork from the Smith Family comic strip was on sale this week. It was marked down to $35 from $40. Since I liked this strip, I bought a piece.
I woke up every day and jogged and did sit ups. I kept this up for weeks and increased the difficulty. After weeks, I began to feel really great.
His neighbor had a trampoline in their backyard. They had fun wrestling each other and playing on the trampoline. Tom eventually got a trampoline by asking his parents for one.
On the highway he tried to get hold of his secretary. He was distracted by trying to make his phone call. Because of his distraction, he got into a wreck and died.
We got together over the weekend and got everything together. When we finished the pizzas, we handed them around. The pizzas were a hit with everyone.
Her parents kept trying to let them help but she said no. One evening her brother gave her a wad of bubblegum. She felt a tug as she was chewing as her tooth came out in the gum.
I just can't resist the temptation of a treat. I'm now regretting my sweet tooth. I have an enormous, painful cavity.
They handed out fliers to parents. A few parents decided to let their kids go. The girls set up a fun camp and ended up making tons of money.
Martha heard a loud thud coming from her vacuum cleaner. A metal toy had gotten stuck inside. Martha had to clean out her vacuum cleaner with a brush.
When she spent the night, she got to meet the nocturnal occupant. Around 10pm, Jill opened the cage door. An adorable little furry animal with big eyes jumped out.
Marge was pleased to find the mouse stuck on the trap. She went outside and shook the trap until the mouse was free. The mouse paused a moment before running back in Marge's house.
He didn't have much money He decided to buy beer instead of milk. It helped him feel better if at least for a night.
Bo's boat drifted south for a couple of days. When another boat finally spotted Bo, it was a pirate ship. Bo and the pirates now travel the world plundering other boats.
One of my friends was lying on the ground with a blanket covering him. The paramedics loaded my friend into the ambulance, taking him away. When I visited him at the hospital, the nurse said he will be okay.
Each time they would work on a different skill. The new soccer team showed improvement quickly. Because of their hard work, they won their first game.
He then took the large can out to the curb. Once the garbage man came, he brought his empty can back inside. Paul put a new bag in the can and then washed his hands.
One of the stores had the bear. Sally and her child drove to the mall and got the bear. They drove home and had dinner and went to bed.
He assured her that it was just a bad dream and meant nothing. Sandy gave her father a big hug and kiss. After he left, Sandy eventually feel back asleep.
The opened her mouth and took a big bite out of one. The berries were still hot and it scorched her tongue. Her tongue was numb for several hours.
Josh decided that it was time for a new phone. He went to the store to look at all his options. Josh bought a new phone.
He went to it every day. A year went by, and Derek kept at it. Today Derek's able to hit the ball every time he swings.
The people appreciate his work. The people give him money. Bob is a happy person.
I said no. I calculated the odds of winning and I showed him the number. He realized the lottery was not in his favor and he quit playing it.
And how to approach different females. But it is now many Years past his prime. He lives alone now as an old man.
She made me upset by calling a guy and I drug her out my front door. Next, she put dents in my new car with the heel of her shoe! So I called the police on her and we never spoke again.
When they grew older, they shared friends. But Lana crossed the line and shared Nicole's Boyfriend. Though hurt Nicole forgave her to save their friendship.
Chad decided he would purchase tickets for the concert. However, Chad quickly found out the tickets were sold out. Chad was dismayed that he would not be able to see the concert.
Paul has over 500 Batman comic books. He keeps his books inside of plastic bags with cardboard backs. Paul won't let anyone touch them without gloves.
They had to send it back to the manufacturer. They were able to get a replacement because of insurance. Her brother promised to be more careful from now on.
But he made his dad promise not to go easy on him anyways! Then the two males started playing tennis. To Tito's surprise, he beat his dad!
He picked up the trophy to remember the past. But it slipped from his hands. And broke into 3 pieces on the ground.
Everyone began exchanging gifts. When it was over, George had no gift. It turned out that there was a mistake, and George was never matched.
His teacher told them they will be having a surprise pizza party. William and his classmates went outside to play on the playground. When they came back inside, they had pizza and soda waiting for them.
His phone malfunctioned and he couldn't use it. Without any way of calling in, Frank went to work sick. Frank got everyone in the office sick too.
He was afraid no one would show up. He nervously passed out invites. Many people came and they had fun!
It was around sunset. He looked at the ocean. He felt more at ease.
Gina was excited, putting extra effort into her zombie look. When Gina arrived at the party she felt like an idiot. She had been pranked, as it wasn't a costume party!
Kate called me today and we met for coffee. She showed me pictures of the type of yurt they plan to build. I can't imagine living in a tent permanently!
He bought limes, tequila, and orange liqueur to make margaritas. Larry found that his homemade margaritas were delicious. Now Larry loves having margaritas at home instead of the bar.
Her hygiene is very bad. Susan is repeatedly talked to about her hygiene. Susan loses her job.
Hank stopped by some sunflowers for shade. He took out his knife and cut a sunflower off. He then wore the flower as a hat.
He began shopping for bikes. He found a good priced and highly reliable bike. He purchase the bike and obtained his desired transportation method.
The people behind him honked their horns. They were getting frustrated, but Joe didn't budge. He said that it was a beautiful day, and he was going to enjoy it.
But Kaden's mom made him wait while she checked it over. She said she had to make sure Kaden's candy was safe, not adulterated. Finally she said it was OK, and Kaden dug into his pile of sweets!
She walked around the block and to the store. They were nowhere to be found. Gina sat on the front step waiting for them to return.
The guy wanted to talk to Jason about his car. Jason pumped his gas and replaced the gas nozzle on the pump. Jason opened his car door and the guy punched him and took his car.
She was about to purchase a phone for Mexico in a store. Then a beep came from her purse. Her American phone still received signal and worked in Tijuana!
People kept walking right past him without a care in the world. I walked into the mall and used my gift card to purchase a jacket. His smile made in the end made it all worth it.
It was generic and he didn't even write the message. I became sad. I realized he didn't value me as his son.
The next day, at another beach, a rogue wave snuck up on him. Finally, the next day we went inland and he found a beautiful mansion. He asked, and I said yes.
The two girls decided to trade knowledge together. Now Nelly can knit and Emma can sew. They're planning to learn to weave together!
He fantasized about being muscular. And he gave in to buying the powder. After using the protein powder, he never trusted another infomercial.
The contractors did as they were asked and removed the ceiling. The ceiling of the shower was part of the structural support beams. The ceiling was replaced and the shower remained closed-in.
A policeman saw Steve and thought he stole the purse. This caused Steve to run faster than he ever did before. Steve thought he was being tailed by the fashion police.
She began to feel her eyelids getting heavy. She fought the sleep, determined to finish the movie. Lucy fell asleep on the couch 30 minutes before the movie ended.
Her mom said grandma was in the hospital. Kelly was shocked. She immediately ran over to find her.
He went to the store and bought a microwave. Unfortunately, the new microwave had a defect. Sean cried in frustration.
At first she thought everything was fine. However to her dismay the bleach was stinging her hair. Clumps started falling out and Caren learned her lesson.
He ordered a whiskey and drank it down quickly. The noise abated slightly so he ordered another. After a while James barely even noticed there were other patrons.
Everyone was waiting for the child's birth to learn her name. We were told she was named after Ilsa from Casablanca. As this is my favorite movie I was very pleased.
Taylor was scared to walk past it. Therefore, he walked slowly around it. It woke up for an instant but went back to sleep afterwards.
He tried to comb it to make it look better but he failed. Since it looked so bad he shaved the whole thing off. He went out to get a tattoo of a moustache instead.
Traffic was awful on the interstate. He got on the metro and the train was delayed. He arrived at his meeting with just seconds to spare.
He took his results and made a poster out of them. He used this poster to explain his project. To his surprise, he won second place in the science fair!
He cried and screamed the entire time. Kelly cleaned him as quickly as possible. He finally calmed down once she dried him off.
They told her she had to wait until she was older. She was very sad and cried. She decided she would ask for a toy puppy instead.
He decided to change the channel. But there were only annoying commercials. So he decided to watch a movie.
She was surprised when they weren't. They weren't moving at all. The truck was delivering new furniture.
He went looking for his coat. The coat had gone missing. Manny had to search for almost an hour to locate his coat.
As things warmed up, the ice began to melt. It caused a lot of flooding throughout town. It took weeks to get the flooding under control.
Bob took his dog to obedience classes for four weeks. Bob's dog learned how to stay when Bob commanded it. Bob and his dog entered the contest and won second place.
His dog had seen a squirrel. Jake lost control of the leash. His dog chased away at the squirrel afterwards.
She studied day and night for a week. When the test came, it was easier than she expected. She finished easily and did great.
I noticed I was coughing a lot and spending money. I decided to ask my friends for help. They encourage me to ignore my cravings.
When she got home she filled the eggs with candy. She then hit the eggs out in the yard in a variety of places. Her grandkids came over in the morning for the egg hunt.
He put flyers in all the mailboxes on his street. He would mow any size lawn for $25. He made enough to get his phone fixed in just one weekend.
The defense attorney began to interrogate Nate. He kept a serious tone when speaking. Afterwards, the judge dismissed him.
One day he decided to quit his job. A month later, Peter ran out of all of his saved money. He wished he had his old job back.
They all started dancing the robot. As the music was winding down people returned to their seats. Everyone enjoyed the party especially the dancing.
A dog jumped out in front of her. Sam flipped over her handlebars. Sam broke her wrist.
He woke up with a bigger headache. He then took some medicine. After an hour the headache was gone.
She took a bat out and went downstairs to see what happened. Alexa saw her next to a mess of things. It turned out, her cat knocked some items off of the counter.
He opened a shack on the beach selling fresh lobster. He became a huge hit! He's made thousands selling his lobster!
They would slide down them, but one time they had the unexpected. They went too fast and went all the way down to the water. The lake wasn't completely frozen so they got soaking wet.
They found that the wedding was going to cost ten thousand dollars. They realized they could use that money in better ways. So, they decided to not have a wedding and get married at town hall.
He grew thirsty. Billy needed to decide between orange soda or pineapple. Billy decided to go for the pineapple soda.
After arriving, Frank ordered a large box of french fries. Frank sat in the restaurant and ate his french fries. Frank was happy that he got to eat french fries.
He didn't hear a runner jogging near him. He lost control of his bike and fell off. Nate ended up scratching his hand.
While the rest of the audience cringed and cried, she laughed. Her hysterics got her kicked out and asked never to come back. Nora still thinks it's the funniest play she ever saw.
Last night they talked on the phone until 2 AM. Today Annie's mom met Jared's mom for the first time. The women agree that there will be a wedding by Christmas.
She tried hard because the meal was half her final grade. But poor Katie's casserole was tasteless and burned! Her final grade went down to a "C".
They went in to school and switched places. A classmate noticed and told a teacher. Kara and Tina were scolded by the principal for what they had done.
The bread was good, but didn't taste like the bread her mother made. Sally called her mother to ask what she did wrong. Sally had forgotten to add cinnamon.
There was a free tutoring club at the school. Pete decided to join and get help. The tutoring really helped improve his grades.
He had followed the forecast. All of a sudden, the temperature dropped and it snowed. George was not prepared and got frostbite.
Mary was at work when she started to feel her water break. Her boss rushed her to the hospital. Mary had her baby immediately afterwards.
She thought it would be good to build up her credit. Sally then started to spend too much money. Sally is now in debt.
But Ali said he could only eat beef hot dogs. Emma had never had beef dogs and she was hesitant. But when she tried them, she found they were delicious!
Ann's friends had to help her out of the water. They then drove her to the hospital where the doctors treated her. Ann will never swim in the ocean again.
She went to the store to purchase more. She made the repair and continued sewing. The dress turned out beautifully.
One day I had enough and hit him with a chair. My mother was very mad. He never hit me again though.
The birds flew away when the rock came after them. Gus raised his gun at the birds. He fired twice and took out both birds.
After a few weeks the melon was fully grown. Mila picked the melon and cut it up. She enjoyed the sweet melon as a snack for several days.
Chad went to his sister's house to find the nanny. The nanny spoke Spanish to Chad. The nanny helped Chad complete 150 tasks.
He took his temperature and saw he had a high fever. Bob was forced to call in sick. He was sad to have missed his important day at work.
We got hungry so we made picnic from the food we had for the party. Robert's brother played his guitar while his girlfriend sang. The car started right up and made it home like nothing was wrong.
A few minutes ago he started retching. He threw up a yellowish substance on the floor. He seems better now and is acting like his old self again.
Some of these people got together and started wandering the streets. After a while they got riled up and started breaking into stores. Before the morning came dozens of stores were burned to the ground.
Lisa got settled into her dorm and was having a good time. Unfortunately, Lisa was very upset. She forgot to bring her purse full of Euros with her!
John had a great game and the coach met him after the game. The coach also met with his parents to express his interest. The personal touch helped John accept a scholarship offer.
She practiced a cheer. She went to the open tryouts at her school. She did her best cheer and made the team.
One time, one of the dogs ate the other dog's puppies. This made the mother dog mad. From then on, we had to keep those two dogs separated.
At the bottom of the steps was a snake. She laughed, thinking it was rubber. Then she saw it move!
He looked around for landmarks but didn't see anything familiar. Then he remembered he had his phone. He used the mapping app on his phone and found his way home!
We decided to fix it for her birthday. We covered it with a sheet, and when she came home we surprised her. She was really happy we fixed her old chair.
Instead of working on it, she went out with friends. Kay had to pull an all-nighter. Kay fell asleep in class on Monday morning.
She put everything in together. When she took her clothes out she got a surprise. The colors had bled and blended.
She set the DVR to record it. When she got home from work she immediately went to watch the episode. Then, she saw that her recording hadn't worked and she missed it.
Jan cleaned it up, heedless of the unlucky sign. As Jan carried the shards to the trash, her black cat tripped her. Jan cut her hand and reconsidered her stance on superstition.
He frantically dashed around getting ready. He skipped breakfast and got in his car, speeding towards work. He barely made it, but he still smelled from the lack of a shower.
The classes were tough but she stuck with it. A salon hired her after she graduated and that made her happy. Tanya is happy she completed beauty school and is doing great.
We became a part of each other. Then one day the screen looked all messed up. The video card fried and that was the end of it.
I loved to travel with him every chance I got. We fell deeper in love and grew very close to each other. To this day we are madly in love and together often.
They had worked really hard. At the end they were awarded a trophy. Everyone went out and celebrated.
He started down the hill fast. He couldn't move out of the way when headed for a boulder. Tim crashed and destroyed his sled.
I was disappointed about missing the trip. The weather was bad and the neighbors were caught in a storm. The camping trip ended up being a disaster and I was glad I was sick.
But the next time he would always do it again! Layla began to suspect that he subconsciously hated doing dishes. Vexed but forgiving, she decided to cheerfully do them herself.
They kept the entire party a surprise. They invited all of her friends and got her a bunch of gifts. Melanie was shocked and super happy when she found out.
He worked on it all day. The car needed new spark plugs. The car ran like a brand new car afterwards.
Unfortunately she fell asleep by accident. She woke up too late. The cookies were burnt and her boyfriend dumped her.
I held my breath, waiting for the inevitable to happen. The duck swam closer and closer towards the gators mouth! The alligator slowly turned away from the duck, swimming away.
Mark showed off and took out hundred dollar bills. John said that's not cool, and went to hangout with friends. Mark didn't want John to go, because he doesn't have friends.
She ordered one online based on reviews. It arrived within a few days. She loved it and felt content with her choice.
His friends said he should sell his beer. One day he lost his job. He formed his own brewery and is doing well.
The dog broke free from the leash Jesse was holding. He saw the dog run into the road after a bird while a car was coming. Jesse told the client about the accident while offering a refund.
The grandkids' favorite, though, was her cookies. Granny spent a day making 400 cookies. Granny delivered them to the kids, who enjoyed every bite of them.
Finally on Saturday morning he woke up and it had snowed. He called his friend John to meet him on the hill by the school. They took turns riding down the hill on Eric's new sled.
When he went to say goodbye to his parents, his mom started crying. Her crying made Greg cry as well. Greg realized that he was going to miss his parents.
She suspiciously looked her coworkers over for a clue. When she got home, her husband gave her an ear to ear grin. He told her he sent them only because he'd been thinking about her.
She tried to plug in her phone charger in the bedroom's port. When the plug touched the port, Jane's hand got shocked. There were water droplets on her hand.
He would get into the three point stance. But as soon as he'd rush, I'd run the other way. It was one of my favorite parts of football.
He was so excited. He took it to get appraised right away. But he was told it was only pyrite, fool's gold!
He lit some fireworks in front of his house. His neighbors complained to the police. The police told him to not light fireworks on the road.
She felt powerful being a female programmer and loved it. She was in this career for the past ten years. Alexia would not trade it for anything in the world.
After a few months of dating we had a reservation at a restaurant. Halfway into dessert, he proposed! He was the one after all.
When they gave her the phone, months of hard work had paid off. On the way home, she dropped the phone on the sidewalk. The phone cracked and Clara was very upset.
The exams would begin soon and she wished them good luck. The students quietly tested for the next few hours. Madam Doubtfire knew they were well prepared for their examinations.
When he reached high school he tried out for the track team. He failed to even make the second string team. Harold practiced hard after he failed to make the team.
The oldest decided to roll up a ball and throw it. Once that started, a snowball fight broke out. The kids had the best time ever.
As silly as it sounds I agreed and we decorated a tree and all. His friends came to the party and thought it was the neatest idea. Who would have thought Christmas in May would turn out so good.
Joe was dumb and spent his first check on drugs. He was selected for a random drug test at work. Joe failed the test and lost his job.
I have sung along with many Motown artists. I had the dance steps down to a science. I tattooed the Motown sign on my neck .
Marion decided to ask her what was going on in her life. Sue told Marion that her parents were getting a divorce. Marion made it her mission to be the friend that Sue needed right now.
He went outside to collect it. That flake was nowhere to be found. Carl waited for the next flake to arrive.
They checked his ID but didn't want to give it to him. He had grown a big beard and gained weight. They thought he was a different person entirely.
Cindy asked a local man how to get to the closest beach. He directed her to the beach but warned her it was a shingle beach. Cindy discovered that shingle meant large pebbles instead of sand.
Unfortunately the washing machine destroyed the toupee. The kids were scared to tell the truth. They decided to blame the dog and say he chewed up the toupee.
He sat on my lap and played his Ipod while I drove. I noticed he had stopped playing after a few minutes. I looked down and he was sound asleep in my lap.
In college he continued running and won many awards. He eventually graduated and married a girl named Jenny. They settled down and he still runs occasionally.
Phil waited for weeks, and started to feel hopeless. Finally, a matching kidney donor gave Phil the kidney he needed. Phil's life was saved, and he was very thankful to the donor.
She traveled for a full day before the train pulled into the station. Her grandma met her there and showed her a great week in town! After her visit, Mary boarded the same train to return home.
One day he stopped and refused to obey an order from his handler. The whole troop angrily stopped and waited for him to get Ralph. They weren't angry anymore when the bomb exploded up ahead.
Both were nervous for the results. When the doctor ran the instrument over Kate, he had a surprise. He told them he heard two hearts and said they were having twins!
Tina's mother decided to buy her a car. Tina got behind the wheel of the car and drove fast. Tina got in an accident and now the car is ruined!
Finally one person made restaurant reservations. Fifty people agreed to attend. The night of the event, no one showed up.
As he got older, the piece of coal was forgotten. Brady was grown up and remembered the coal buried. He never dug the piece of coal up.
Then, someone new challenged her. They beat her soundly. Angela is much more humble now.
Reza decided to fight back. He bought lots of guns and ammunition. He killed his whole family.
All night he went on and on telling her she would fail the test. Her dad told her everyone he knew failed the first time. Kay told him he was wrong and was confident she would pass.
She tried to ignore it but it persisted for hours. Finally, she marched next door. She yelled at her neighbor, who apologized profusely.
Her hairstylist however, cut her her hair way too short. Sandy was very upset about it. She decided to never go back to this hairstylist again.
The game went back and forth. I hit a buzzer beater to win the game. I dabbed in my friend's face.
My friend suggested I do fun exercise. So, I decided to do crossfit. Crossfit was fun and it made me muscular!
I turned on my playstation and grabbed a controller. I played video games online for a long time. Then, I turned off the playstation and went to bed.
She laughed and pretended to be lighthearted. She walked calmly to her room and closed the door. She jumped on her bed as her heart pounded in her ears.
When I got the store it wasn't there. I was so upset I decide to just by something else and go home. I ended up finding the bag at another store.
He later came back when the bear was gone and packed up his stuff. He went home and told everyone what he saw. To this day Jeff has never gone camping again.
Jimmy stayed until the bullies left. However, he didn't do anything to help his friends. In addition, he got in trouble for being a bystander in the situation.
When he moved out, his mother didn't contact him at all. But Charles got wealthy and famous locally. Then his mother showed but Charles wouldn't take her calls or visits.
She rushed after him as he just went down on an elevator. Instead of waiting, she ran down the seven flights of stairs. Out of breath, she met him at the ground floor to deliver the goods.
She saw strange symbols and items in the house. Megan asked what they were all about. Her friend explained that they were Jewish symbols and she was Jewish.
She put the reed back and tightened the ring. The reed split in two. Gina had no idea the reeds often broke.
Finally Lisa decided to not be friends with Kelly anymore. Kelly was mad but agreed. The two never spoke again.
He loved to pair his food with different wine's. He drank too much wine while cooking and got drunk. He left his oil on the stove too long and burned down the restaurant.
Sue noticed the other students had nicer clothes and luggage. She quickly shoved her own luggage out of sight in the room. Sue watched from the window as her folks drove away.
One day, she got sick after lunch. Meredith decided she couldn't eat that much cheese anymore. Now, she eats salads for lunch.
Then, they rolled the dough out on a table and cut shapes from it. After the shapes were all cut out, they baked them in the oven. When the cookies were done, they decorated them.
Mike was told that most business fail within the first months. Mike still believed in himself and did it anyway. Now over a year later Mike's business is very successful.
She dressed him nice and set him on a blanket. Then, she took a bunch of pictures. Finally, she chose her favorite and edited it.
Greg wanted to know who his real mother was. He hired a private investigator. After much diligent research, he found his real mother.
Rufus practices harpsichord every day. Finally he becomes very good. His dream of becoming a harpsichord player has come true.
In desperation he jumped into a trash can. The trash can smelled so bad that Mitch left hiding. The child seeking Mitch found him by the smell.
The accident left him paralyzed from the waist down. Undeterred, Mike went into physical therapy. A year later, Mike continued playing basketball in a wheelchair.
I filled the dough with jelly and cream. I baked them for 30 minutes. I ate 3 jelly rolls because they were so delicious.
One day a boy passed a soccer ball to Lionel. Lionel took the ball and kicked it back to the boy. Lionel loved soccer from then on.
So he decided to play worse on purpose. Mike's sister complained. So everyone decided to switch teams.
He fished for salmon. He made a lot of money. He did this for many summers.
I saw one once in an old movie. I guess the water wheel doesn't change much but I bet it's more quiet. I'm saving my money to ride one if I ever get the chance.
Then, he added some milk. Next, he added fruit. Then, he blended it together.
Amber was so distracted by her looks she wasn't paying attention. She fell down a manhole. When she came to the surface, she was dirty and no longer sexy.
They objected to their union. Donna confesses her love once again. Donna and her parents decide to go to counseling.
I was getting frustrated while playing one particular game. I threw my laptop against the wall. I couldn't play video games until I bought a new one.
She made sure her customers were taken care of. Today she received a table of mean teenagers. They only left her a tip of two cents.
We did things all summer, and had a fantastic time. Though, their parents didn't trust me because of my age. They had me fired, and I had to say goodbye to their kids.
One day Mike met a girl who didn't like Mike working all the time. Mike discovered that he loved the girl more than cattle ranching. Mike eventually quit and married the girl he loved.
However, everything that could go wrong did. The food was bad, most of the exhibits was closed and it was raining. I learned that day to not get my hopes up.
She was in the hall outside her class. She decided to go back in the class and apologize to the teacher. The teacher accepted and she was not forced to go to the office.
She took a PADI course. Then she got her certificate. Now Ana could scuba dive!
Bob decided to fire his trader. At the same time, his penny stocks collapsed. Now, Bob lost all of his profit!
They want to make some food and shoot some fireworks. Unfortunately they live within city limits and it's not allowed. So they'll have to go out into the desert.
So she she thought getting in would be easy. After her audition, she was shocked when she wasn't accepted. Sarah believed the whole thing was set up to humiliate her.
One day a cute new girl sat down next to him at lunch. She asked him what he was eating. He offered her some of it because this time he wanted to share.
The song brought back many memories. I went online and found all the Bee Gees old hits. This proved to me Disco is alive and well.
A lot of students were struggling with it. He worked hard and tried his best. Unfortunately it wasn't enough and he got a bad grade.
He looked it up and saw that trees didn't grow well in his area. Luckily, he found one that would work. He immediately got to work planting it.
When they got to the store they were amazed at the colorful furniture. Jamie got excited and purchased many items. By the time they were out the door they had spent over 2 thousand.
He enrolled in a course that required him to speak French every day. Fred's French language skill improved slowly. Finally Fred was able to speak French.
Sitting in the food court he ate while reading his phone. An emailed popped up, a new store had opened across the street. Finishing his meal, he drove to the store to see their options.
His mom would always buy him more. He has diabetes now. But he won't stop drinking Mountain Dew.
Jamie threw five strikes in a row in the first half. In the second half, Jamie hurt his arm while pitching. He was unable to finish the game and didn't get ten strikes.
Lisa felt annoyed and yelled at her sister. And every morning, she decided to eat pancakes to spite her. She never gained weight from all the pancakes either.
They were pretty upset, and stung me a few times. That would have been the end of it, but it turns out I was allergic! I ended up spending a night in the hospital.
They could not even use it. They finally finished it. His wife is so happy to have two bathrooms again!
She wanted to accept before getting a financial aid offer. I told my niece I would talk to her daughter about waiting. My niece hopes I can convince her daughter to wait for financial aid.
On one site, I noticed a picture of delicious looking jambalaya. I checked the recipe. I had the ingredients, so I made the meal.
He would always lose. He practiced really hard. Soon he was the best on the team.
She decided to take a sleeping pill. Before she knew it, she was asleep. She woke very refreshed.
She has a big test coming up and has been studying very hard. On the day of the test, Rachel was somewhat nervous about how she did. Because she studied to hard, Rachel made an A on the test.
The god looked very angry and began to bark at Mike. Mike ran inside and grabbed his bottle of mace. He sprayed the dog who began to whimper and went on his way.
It got dark he was out riding so long. He ended up running into a pothole. His scooter broke, and Trevor cried.
It wasn't his birthday, but he decided to lie. He told the waitress and she believed him. Jackson got the free sundae and they even sang for him.
Chad purchased matching bow ties, and shirts for them. Chad even practiced poses that he could take with his son. Chad could not wait to have his son's first picture taken.
Unfortunately Tom didn't realize he didn't have it. He had to stay there more time while they looked him up. They let him through with a minor warning.
Gina disliked the thought of sleeping in a dead man's bed. But it would certainly be comfortable. She just needed to convince one of her siblings to sleep there too.
Justin started boogie-ing like it was 1976. The other dancers stood in awe. Justin wasn't wearing any pants.
He made more money than he ever expected. One day he was arrested and it changed his life for the worst. He now wishes that he wasn't so foolish with his life.
I admired the ants determination. I watched the ant for twenty minutes. The any finally carried the leaf into his home.
He looked for him forever. Manny even put up signs and offered rewards. His dog never returned.
All the while my cat sat and looked at my like I was crazy. After 10 minutes of this my cat got up and walked off. My keys were under my cat the whole time.
She opened her car door. She threw out her cat. Then the woman drove away.
Jessica had been wanting a new phone for a few weeks. Jessica ordered the newest Samsung Galaxy with express shipping. When her phone arrived the next day, Jessica jumped for joy.
One day, Mark got in trouble at school and threw the biggest fit. He screamed and cried and held his breath. All the other boys and girls saw him act like that and didn't like him
Payne asked them if they could play through. The people let Payne and his group play though. Payne was glad that he asked them nicely.
It began to move on its own. In addition, several applications opened up. The computer turned off afterwards.
She became my best friend. Alas, one day she fell sick. She died in my arms.
Tj wanted to have a particular furniture in his office. The furniture he desired was expensive. Tj decided to buy lumber and make his own furniture.
Tina decided to try them. But she wasn't used to its chewiness. Over time, however, Tina liked steel cut oats.
Anna fell down and howled in pain! She had to lay down with ice on her face that night. Even still, she woke with a puffy black eye the next morning.
She threw on a sweatshirt and raced downstairs. Her boyfriend was at the door. He was holding roses and coffee.
Myla began attending a dance school. She was scouted out at a recital and was offered a scholarship. Myla is now a professional dancer.
Ed was presumed dead, but he managed to cling to a life raft. He floated to shore and sought help. Soon he was on the phone with his happy, sobbing wife!
He accepted. But he could not stand eating all those veggies. His mom won the bet!
Suzi and Liza Dillinger came thirty minutes late. Ms Moffett gave them both a scowl because she hates tardiness. Maggie smiled at the differences between her neighbors.
I was so excited. I immediately ran to tell my friends. Everyone was thrilled.
One day, he felt like having some fun in the office. So he screamed, "Hoorah" and threw his papers in the air, and jumped. He was immediately fired.
Just as he was about to take a bite it disappeared. A seagull had grabbed it right out of his hand. His dad shared his sandwich with him.
John thought he'd be late to work! He explored different roads. John ended up finding a way that got him to work on time.
Jim left the kitchen to get the sauce he left in the car. While he was outside the oil spilled over and started a fire. Jim called 911 and the fire department came to put out the fire.
Ben worked at it every week for a year. He also ate good foods to help his health. About a year later Ben did one hundred sit ups.
She started off great but quickly began to have problems. She tripped over her loose shoelace. She decided not to try the treadmill again.
He couldn't decide between the two so he asked his counselor. His counselor gave him the pros and cons of each university. Robert decided to go to UCLA because it was close to his family.
Even with making his monthly payments, Bill still owed a lot. Regretfully, Bill decided that he would file for bankruptcy. Bill was saddened that he had to take such a drastic step.
Carlos plunged his hand into the tuba. He felt something move! A mouse had built a nest inside Carlos' tuba.
She asked if I'm doing good with diabetes. I got confused since I don't suffer from diabetes. She eventually noticed that she had the wrong patient chart.
My husband and I panicked and called the accountant. The accountant asked for all receipts from 2013, whoa! Thank God we put everything on charge accounts and have a record.
We went into a calm tunnel. Then we dropped unexpectedly. I was scared.
I finally grew old enough to appreciate it. It is big and black and sturdy and surprisingly light. It is in my living room and I use it every day.
When she got to school, she discovered something amazing. The other girls were complimenting her old skirts, tees and cardigans! Mina wasn't mocked - she was made a vintage style icon!
Mary couldn't wait to see the bulbs bloom into flowers. The next day, Mary's son came running into the kitchen. He showed her the 'potato' bulbs he had dug from the garden.
This was the third day without mail. He looked around and noticed a hole at the bottom. The mail had been falling through it.
He soon made many new friends. He saw his social skills improve. He dramatically improved his relationships with others.
Jimmy got home and layed down. He started to feel a little better. He secretly felt happy about being sick.
But his attempt failed. When Chase woke up in the hospital, he realized he needed help. Chase signed up for therapy right then and there.
Jenny baked a beautiful and delicious fruit tart. The judges at the competition loved her fruit tart. Jenny won first place at the baking competition!
On the highway they hit a huge amount of traffic. It was taking so long. By the time they got out, they were set back hours in their drive.
I crawled into bed and turned on Netflix. I decided to watch gossip girl. I watched for hours to occupy myself.
They planned to go to dinner one night. Sam's girlfriend dumped him that night. He agreed it was the best idea.
John studied for five hours every night for a week to prepare. John showed up to take the test, and it was easy for him. John got his exam back and received an A+.
I was watching the birds feed when they suddenly all flew away. Then I saw the neighbor's cat hiding behind the tree. It had tried to catch a bird but they were all too quick for it.
I decided to train my dog to ring a bell when he wanted to go out. After a while, my dog started to ring the bell nonstop. I realized I had trained him poorly.
Anthony invited her to his house but they didn't have fun. He called her the following day and a man answered her cellphone. He said she was busy mothering his kids.
He started to rethink his decision after a couple friends got shot. He tried to leave the gang, but was told he couldn't leave alive. He moved out of town, changed names and his appearance to start anew.
He read all the books he could find. Then he decided to create his own time machine. He never succeeded because time travel is probably impossible.
And eventually, walked to her DVD collection. Brenda was overwhelmed with choices. So she decided to watch nothing.
Lady's humans followed her on foot through the neighborhood streets. Lady got tired, and sat down on the sidewalk to wait for her humans. Lady's humans caught up, put her collar on her, and took her home.
I ate it regardless. I became very sick. I sued the supplier and won a nice amount of money.
Their married life was blissful for many years. Then she caught him indulging in indiscretion with a supermodel. She used his razor to forever change his ways.
Suddenly, she felt something painful. She looked down at her ankle. There, she saw a bee sting.
Man it was tiring! You would chase the ball all around the court. It probably was one of the best workouts I've ever gotten.
She decided on three candidates. At the first interview, Yolanda was impressed by the applicant. She hired her the next day.
She was almost asleep when the fire alarm started going off. She had left a candle burning. She was glad it didn't burn the house down.
He gave her an iv for nausea, and fluids. After 2 hours she felt a lot better. Her mother was relieved it was not serious.
He was determined to compete despite his injury. His trainer, Jim, suggested he wait until next year to compete. Al ignored Jim's input, and placed last in the competition.
He went to the advertised area and paid his fee. They put him on an elephant and let him ride around for ten minutes. Ken whooped and hollered with joy like a small boy!
All of a sudden I heard a sudden bang in my bathroom. I ran in and saw a weird human like figure standing there alone. It said it was an inter-dimensional being but I know that ghosts lie.
He didn't let them see that he was there too. At school Tom asked John if he had seen any movies lately. John said that he had not.
He loves helping people meet their fitness goals. He works very hard. Marc loves being a crossfit gym owner.
As he jumped, he accidentally knocked over a paint can and spilled it. The cat jumped back down and landed in a puddle of blue paint. He ran up the stairs, leaving a trail of blue paw prints.
So they decided they would go this weekend and have a picnic. Saturday came along, and the Becks were excited. But, it started to rain really bad, and they can't go to the park.
His opponent just rammed into John. John's character fell straight into the pit. John slammed the game controller onto the ground.
Then I read the shows were cut. We stopped watching the shows. We bought the series on DVD.
I asked a farmer if I could try one of the oranges. He picked an orange fresh from the tree! It was the most tasty orange I had ever had.
Finally, the time came for Anna to baby sit. Her sister went away for an hour. While she was gone, Anna did a great job with the babies.
The bank checked his credit and borrowing history. They approved his loan. Joe bought his car.
Every day her planner called her and che was writing so many checks. Sally called her fiance and suggested they just elope. A week later they were in Hawaii on their honeymoon.
It took a week for them to install everything. Ricky's energy bill was reduced to nothing. Ricky was so happy of his investment in solar panels.
He looked online and found a man giving away free furniture. He drove to the man's house and happily took the new items. When he got home, he furnished his house and it looked great.
However, I don't think I would enjoy the fame. Having people you don't know, know everything about you. It just doesn't sound good at all.
When it came time to purchase, the prices had all changed. Her order would cost much more now. She had to go and pick some new cheaper toys instead.
But her dog wandered into the kitchen to smell the vegetables. After she put the vegetables in a bowl, her dog leaped towards them. The dog ate the vegetables from the floor.
Eventually the house burned down. Angie was burned to death. There was nothing the firefighters could do to saver her.
She showed them articles online which stated as much. Her husband read all of the articles and agreed with Jane. The whole family agreed to continue eating tofu.
It was also tender to the touch. She looked at her shoulder in a mirror. There she saw a dark and large bruise.
The tour guide told him that there are no such things as dragons. Roy was really very disappointed. He asked for his money back, but the tour company refused.
It lasted all day. Both teams scored 7 points! They were all happy with the score and went home.
After a few minutes into the game, everyone got drunk. I had to call my cousin to pick me up. She was confused as soon as I walked into the car hallucinating.
The coach told him to practice a little more. Jim practiced all through the year. He tried out the following year and made it.
She applied as a waitress at a restaurant. She got the job and worked 20 hours per week there. She made a lot in tips, and eventually, was no longer poor.
Thinking quickly, she held a series of contests. After the final jumping contest, they were exhausted. Amazed by their quiet children, the moms awarded Candace a bonus!
His dreams were all about fighting. He threw a kick in his sleep then awoke to the sound of a scream. His girlfriend lay on the floor covered in bedsheets.
He couldn't listen to his favorite station. He looked around and found an old classic radio. He turned it on and found the FM frequency for his favorite station.
He doesn't like anyone when he first meets them. After a while he warms up to most people. He is a nice cat when you get to know him.
So this could not be risked. Jim brought in peanut butter crackers on accident. The child ate one and went into shock.
I went to the store to buy and iPhone 6. They didn't have any in stock. I didn't get my phone that day.
Timmy threw a punch which Billy easily dodged. Billy knocked Timmy to the ground with one swift kick. Timmy's eyes widened as he knew he was the one now in trouble.
Last week it was raining really hard. I tried to tell him to stay inside. But instead I had to deal with a soggy paper in bed.
He decided to apply this knowledge to manufacturing chocolates. He experimented with all sorts of unique flavors. His one-of-a-kind chocolates now dominate the candy market!
He packed sandwiches and wine. They drank the entire bottle of wine. They were slightly drunk and had a great time strolling the park.
All of a sudden I lost control of the car. I had hit a patch of black ice. I was able to get control but learned a valuable lesson.
Everyone at school had the same color. I immediately took it off. I didn't want to look the same.
Over several days, he cleaned everything up. And he liked how good his room looked. But over time, it became messy again.
His friends joked that he looked like a teenager. He received a job two weeks later. His new boss calls him the baby-faced assassin.
Yesterday, he worked all day. We did not see him at all. When he came home, he seemed happy to have spent the day there.
They decided to skip school and go to the movies. They went to school the next day, and were wrong about yesterday. The test was actually today, and they had to take it now.
The lady at the counter began spraying. Micky smelled sample after sample. After smelling too many samples, Micky opted for chocolates.
Her neighbor asked if she wanted to swim in the pool. Emily excitedly said yes. The day ended up passing quickly thanks to the pool.
He was so eager to get money for it! But the shop owner frowned and said the ring wasn't real gold. Brad was so disappointed!
He decided to snap a picture of his creation. As he was about to take a picture, a wave hit his castle. Bob was a second late, and missed his opportunity for a photo.
He finally decided to cash it in and spend it. He counted a total of $48. Terry decided that finding money really did pay off.
Annoyed, her sister yelled at her. Glorianna cried. Feeling guilty, her sister cheered her up by ringing the bell.
She was extremely nervous. When it was time to perform, she tried to stay calm and do her best. Luckily, it went very well and everyone was a fan.
She had handwritten some points she wanted to make in the margin. After the meeting her boss told her she had one little error. She had handed out copies of the deck that included her notes.
However, he had to leave 45 minutes before the end of class. His friend decided to look for him. He found peter, throwing up in the bathroom.
He noticed the live lobsters when he first walked into the restaurant. He thought it was really cool that they had an aquarium there. However, he wasn't happy to see they cooked the lobsters.
Finally he asked Kevin to introduce him to the girl so Kevin shut up. Kevin looked at him with his mouth hanging open. How could Clark not know his own sister!
After shaking the three, there were only 50 apples left. He got a long stick and began to knock off the rest. When there were 350 apples on the ground he was finished.
Heidi started to drive her new car very fast. She started to get speeding tickets and decided to slow down. Heidi regretted buying a sports car.
The wreath had some bells on it. Julie was adjusting the bells to make them prettier. Suddenly, one of the bells popped off.
Then he slept for ten hours. In the morning, he rose early and set out on his own. He was ready and eager to start exploring Bhutan!
He was video taping the next lady on line, without her noticing it. When she was about to pay for her items, the man behind her stepped in He smiled and said Merry Christmas, your gifts are on me.
Unfortunately, he accidentally burned the meal. Cameron called a Chinese take-out. He still impressed his wife with his romantic dinner.
Lucy however was not invited. When Lucy found out she wasn't invited, she was furious. As a result, Lucy decided to end their friendship.
The dancers emerged out onto the floor looking beautiful. The music began, it was a tango. They moved with such grace, they were sure to win the competition.
Cal winced and groaned in pain. He rubbed his head where he'd hit it. Cal could feel a bump forming.
Bob aligned each stick with the appropriate slots on the board. Then, he inserted the sticks into the slots and locked them in. Now, Bob had successfully installed his random access memory.
Tina invites her parents and other family to attend. Tina performs very well in the concert. Her family applauds her loudly.
Consequently, the artificial intelligence became quite evil. The artificial intelligence insisted on solving problems via murder. Thus, the researchers had to shut down the program.
She had no choice but to tell her mom. Her mom was extremely upset with Gina. Gina was too old to take medicine without reading the bottle first.
He was going to a poetry class on Monday and an art class on Tuesday. I was amazed at his energy, as I am 62 and not half as active. I told my friend he was an inspiration to others.
She was starting to feel as if her best friend didn't care. Meanwhile, her friend was sad for she had not received an invitation. When the lost mail finally arrived, the misunderstanding was resolved!
She realizes that she forgot their parents' 30th Anniversary party. She rushes to get ready. Her brother lets her add her name to the gift that he got them.
She stopped breathing on her own. Then she began to heal, slowly but surely. In a few weeks she began breathing spontaneously once again!
Jerome was crying and his face was bleeding. Jessica told them to stop, and she went home with her friend John. Marc and Jerome never got a chance to date Jessica.
As they arrived Lucy was afraid to leave go inside. The lady held her hand and walked her into the station. Lucy waved goodbye to the lady and approached an officer.
Lee was becoming better with each session. He was ready to take his big test. Lee passed his driving exam with flying colors.
She was supposed to buy balloons. Kris got stuck in traffic on the way to work. Kris then forgot to buy balloons.
It was 10 and Lucy hadn't eaten dinner with the family. May offered to make Lucy a sandwich. Lucy declined, determined to go to bed hungry.
He always won his matches. Until his older brother wanted to try him out. Eric lost to his brother that day.
Joe's mother threw a dish at him. Joe decided to do what his mother said. Joe washed every dish in the house.
She got her supplies together and set to work. When she was done, something still felt not quite right. Betty found a new car smell air freshener, and that did the trick.
When school started, Mary led her team to an undefeated record. Mary was crowned MVP of her school. She received a large trophy for her accomplishments.
I asked her why she was staring at me, but no answer. I shined my phone light in her eyes and all I saw were whites. This girl slept with her eyes opened, and I never called her again.
There was a snowblower on sale next to the shovels. His back hurt from shoveling. Lars bought the snow blower instead of a shovel.
It was a lot of fun. We cheered and yelled and had a great time. I think I'm a fan now, too.
I convinced my workers to try them out. One worker loved them, but another almost threw up. I stopped buying them after gaining weight.
There, he learned about local food and culture. He wrote a great article about travel in Brunei. His editors loved the article!
He used this ability to commit fraud at his company. He was found out and put in minimum-security prison after trial. He wrote beautifully penned letters to his friends from prison.
Tiffany went one year without heat styling her hair. When the year was over she straightened her hair. Tiffany was so excited to see how long her hair had grown.
She decided to ask her twin Ally to stand-in for her. She dressed like Dally, & did her hair, nails and makeup like Dally. Surprisingly, her date knew immediately and drove off hurriedly.
The driver asked the passengers if anybody was missing one. Nobody claimed it. Jake was told it would be taken to lost and found.
My cousin taught me how to ice skate and hockey stop. Through the falls and late night practice sessions I vastly improved. Now I can skate and am actually better than my cousin!
Marisa was concerned about how she could pay for gifts this year. Suddenly, she saw a $100 bill on the ground. Marisa was able to buy gifts for her family.
She decided to try it. When she did, her hair became extremely greasy. She realized that she had used too much.
He was so excited. He ended up having an amazing time. Ryan loved the zoo!
We went over by the goats and lamb to pet them. All the sudden, a goat bit my grandma's skirt and pulled! We both laughed so hard and still have that picture.
There, the mechanic said he needed a new transmission. Ben sadly forked over $1100 for the repair. Afterwards, at least, his car ran smoothly once again.
Kara explained to Randy that she didn't think of Randy like that. This hurt Randy's feelings and he stopped hanging out with Kara. After awhile he got over his ego and they became close again.
She was completely amazed and stopped to look at it. Finally, she continued on her way home. Later, she learned that there had been a blood moon that night.
They agreed to a truce and began to train together for the race. They became good friends, and then even more - they began dating! And on the day of the race, the happy couple won - in a tie!
She had few funds, but she thought of a cheap  and creative idea. She assembled lots of sandwiches and snacks and threw a picnic. Everyone had a great lunch and made many sweet farewell memories!
He went to the store to buy some shoes. At the store, Marty tried on lots of shoes. Marty found a pair he liked and bought them.
I am able to make learning hands on and fun. The students come into kindergarten with little reading skills. At the end of the year they can all read!
We walked through the zoo and finally arrived at the giraffes. I climbed to the feeding platform and began feeding the giraffes. One of sneezed on me, leaving me drenched and embarrassed.
But then she noticed the unhappy looks on their faces. Bay realized that for all her spices, she forgot something important. She hadn't added any salt or pepper to her bland meal!
I was nervous during tip-off. I led my team in scoring the entire game. I was able to dunk the ball with 3 seconds left to secure a win.
He spent a few hours creating a voice and attitude for the frog. Hours later, he tried to decide a voice but had no luck. Eric decided he would use his own voice for Clyde frog.
When he got back to the office he felt drunk. Sal kept to himself to hide his drunkenness. He kept his office door locked the rest of the day.
One day he was eating a strange meat he liked very much. He was told he was eating pork. Arnold puked.
She went into her class after school. There, she asked her teacher for help. Luckily, her teacher was able to explain it well.
He never slept in another bed before. When his family got to the hotel, everything was so cozy. Sam got the best sleep he ever had!
When he reached the bottom his friends said they wanted to try too. His friend began to copy Ben but slipped off halfway down the hill. He hurt his arm badly and Ben and his friends called an ambulance.
The first game he played he failed miserably., In his anger he threw, and broke his game controller. Tom could no longer play his new game.
Swallowing them whole was gross! But he began mixing them in his milkshakes. That was yummy and very palatable!
Jake decided to make a change and start recycling. He signed up to have his recycling picked up weekly. He taught his friends to throw bottles in the right bin, too.
A servant appeared moments later. The servant offered the rich man a cup of tea. The rich man took it and rose from the bed.
However, the audience kept cheering for me to continue. I ended up singing with the proper tone. My audience continued to give me a round of applause.
She decided to take them outside to blow bubbles. She had bought some with her just in case. They had a blast chasing the bubbles around, trying to pop them.
He asked how she was. She answered in an awkward way. Finally, the two went their separate ways.
She was very particular about what she wanted them to wear. Some of the girls argued because they wanted other things. Luckily, Nia was able to find something that they all agreed on.
Bob listened to the music James gave him. Bob liked the music James gave him. James gave Bob more albums to listen to in the future.
The therapy didn't help, but we started playing baseball together. Soon enough, he was calling out base runs with no lisp! Being involved in the game distracted his brain and helped him.
She could not seem to figure out why she could not get her triple. She practiced and practiced. Finally, when she was alone, she got her triple turn.
Unfortunately he was on vacation this week. So I had to clean it instead. He'll just clean it when it's my turn.
I watered and cared for the plant for months. The tree never grew. I am very sad.
At first Ric felt silly wearing it. Then he saw that everyone else wore one too! Ric wore his lei with pride after that.
In addition, they threw it on an electrical wire post. Since they were too high, Jeff couldn't reach it. He decided to walk home bare feet.
Nanny did not notice Libby had stopped and kept walking. Libby suddenly realized she was alone. Libby cried until a store worker helped her find her nanny.
One day, he had to drive it for five hours. He got very tired and crashed the car. He was fired for incompetence.
They heard a sound coming from a bush. They shined their flashlight at the bush. They sighed in relief as it was just a bunny passing through the bush.
The highlight was a huge dragon. When it got dark, Billy discovered there were green lights in it. He thought it was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen.
They almost considered leaving. Luckily they finally got service. But Alicia didn't want to go back again.
She narrowed her choice down to two different ones. But she couldn't decide which one was better. 15 minutes later, she decided to neither of them.
Today we played outside, despite the rain. We danced in puddles and got muddy. Then we took off our shoes and went back inside.
Its branches weren't as strong as they appeared. One branch broke off and hit me on the head. Now I have a terrible headache.
He didn't get very good grades. He turned in his college application. He was rejected.
A mile past the auto shop the car started smoking and ceasing up. He had it towed back to the shop. Dave was very late for work that day.
Her tail wagged and she ran towards him. He knelt to catch her as she leapt into the air. Mac Johnson loved his new puppy and she loved him.
I rearranged all the food on my pantry. I found a lot of expired food while doing this. I tossed out the old food and made more room for the new stuff.
An old man opened the door and greeted Sam. Sam took out his flyers and began to sell to the man. The old man waved Sam off and told him to go.
Yet when she looked for her mother, she couldn't find her. Her mother was late. Thankfully she finally showed up though.
One day Tom didn't see his turtle. He searched everywhere for him. Tom never saw his turtle again.
She loved it so much, she had to have more. Marianne bought a new plant every week. Soon, Marianne had more plants than she could take care of!
While he was in the plane he had a baby behind him. The baby started screaming. Tom nearly passed out.
He bought an electric log splitter the next day. Thomas has been chopping so much wood that he can sell some. The splitter has already paid for itself.
It seemed like it was right outside her window. She looked through the window. A big snowy owl was perched on the sill.
They decided to cut off his electricity because he couldn't pay. Bob realized he needed to find a better way to pay his bills. He took a second job and payed back the electricity bill!
The machine sat in her room and all she did was hang clothes on it. Every day she would look at it and think that she should exercise. Soon she got tired of looking at the machine so she sold it.
He lit up and felt relieved. Almost a minute later, he noticed that it was lit the wrong way! He felt like an idiot and decided not to smoke until morning.
But the album wasn't out yet. Gina put her speak in the window of her bedroom. She sat on the porch while the music played out the window.
Eric saw a large boa constrictor in one of the exhibits. Eric screamed in terror! His teacher had to take him outside to calm him down.
She could not believe her grade. But she accepted her teacher's criticism. Ann realized she had a lot to learn about writing.
Sue and her brother were supposed to go. Her brother got sick, so Sue went alone. Sue was glad to surprise her mom.
It caused a big fire. He tried to handle it but it got out of control. He lost everything he ever owned except for his car.
They didn't agree with her stance. The posts continued to litter her Facebook wall. Finally, Clare decided to just ignore their inane posts.
When we met in the airport, I was terrified. However, things turned out great, and we had an amazing time. I flew back home with a renewed hope for our relationship.
She put her finger down her throat. She began to gag, but nothing came up. After 3 attempts she decided to try something else.
He decided to buy it for a cheaper price online. Before he did a store employee told him they price matched. Sam bought it in the store instead.
Then a friend suggested she try yoga to limber up. The stretches and poses soon had Rose graceful and strong. The yoga helped her excel in her ballet classes!
Everyone gets an Easter basket full of candy and little toys. I bring my children to my grandmother's house now to celebrate. The tradition of Easter celebration lives on through many generations.
Out of the blue, he encounter a random kitty in the street. Garen fought the kitty to make it his pet. Garen won and now has a pet and no longer sad!
When he logged into his account he saw he had 20 free pizzas due. Ralph threw a party and got all 20 pizzas free. The next day, Ralph ate at Papa John's again.
Samantha slammed on the brakes, but it was too late. Her car was totaled and the deer was dead. Samantha was traumatized, and called 911.
She decided to open up a savings account. Every month she took 25 dollars out of her check. In four months she could pay for her vacation!
But her hair always got everywhere. One day I found one of her hairs in my soup. It was very long and got down my throat.
One day a man walked up to her. He gave her a big hug. The rest of her day was better.
They told me it was a cold. After giving me some medicine I headed home. I felt better the next day!
My coworker came in and looked through the files with me. We realized that we need a new system for doing files. We decided to leave those alone and start on new ones.
Then, she brought it to her husband. He took a bite and realized that it was soggy. Maggie checked and realized that she had messed up the measurements.
She arrived early to assure her spot on the plane. As they took off she enjoyed watching the ground underneath go past. She had arrived with no issue's and decided to plan another trip.
He was to interview her for a job. But he was running late. After 20 minutes of waiting the manager was finally ready.
Once the party started only 10 people were there. I called one friend who informed me everyone else was another party. I was extremely hurt.
Bill pointed to a sign that said feeding ducks was prohibited. Molly returned the bread to her pocket and they both stood to leave. They enjoyed walking around the lake a few times before going home.
One picnic, she forgot the pastries, and thought I would be upset. I told my grandmother that wasn't important. The important part was just spending time with her.
Thomas was afraid that a branch would break and damage his roof. He took an ax from his garage and chopped down the tree. Now Thomas would not have to worry about the tree falling on his roof.
Francis was stuck outside with nowhere to go. To avoid the water, he had to climb to the roof of a building. He was stuck on the roof until a helicopter came and picked him up.
He took out the beagle one night to track down a raccoon. The beagle started chasing it's own tail instead. Todd walked back to the truck despondently.
She wasn't about to face the laughter of her classmates if she won. They would chant her name for the rest of the day. Xiao didn't like chips but she especially hated cheetos!
The opened the laundry room door, propping the can on the door's top. As the floor manager entered the laundry room, they nudged the door. The entire thirty gallons poured down on the manager in an icy flood!
She went to rehab. Afterwards, she attended counseling sessions. Her kids were very proud of her.
Dora listened to him rehearse, always messing up one note. In the audience, Dora waited for her son to play. Dora forgot about the messed up note when she heard the applause.
After a little while she saw a kitten and fell in love. She filled out the paperwork and took the kitten home. After getting home she realized she would no longer be alone.
He took his suit to the dry cleaners. He picked it up a few hours later. He was able to ace his job interview with his fresh look.
After that Stan noticed that the bulb burned out. He tried to replace it. But he wound up returning it instead.
People advised him not to appear in his own magazine. At a car show, Irving was very popular and attractive to girls. Because he modeled in his own magazine, he couldn't promote it.
The stranger picked it up and left it with a police officer. Later, the woman called the police reporting her purse stolen. They told her about the man turning it in and she retrieved it.
His neighbor Mister Green was having sex with another woman. Martin called Mister Green's wife and told her. Martin smiled because he loved to interfere in other's business.
He hadn't been able to eat breakfast. He was trying to eat cereal when he crashed. He was decapitated instantly.
Then one day she saw something in her garden. A tulip bulb was beginning to bloom. Sara rejoiced at this first harbinger of spring!
As he lifted it alone, he felt something pull in his back. Jack had to go to massage therapy that afternoon. He arrived home much later than normal.
His house was very dark because of it. He cut the trees down with a chainsaw. Now, light could shine through his windows.
He likes to lay on the wood floors when his owners are away. He stays warm by laying next to the windows. The windows let in sunlight and warm Sammy's body.
With determination and discipline she practiced postures every day. Fran became so skilled she was able to open her own yoga studio. She enjoys teaching others how to be more flexible.
Dad picked him up and put him in the bath. Dad tucked Alex in and gave him Pepto Bismol. Alex apologized for a making such a big mess.
Her baby was too shy to stay in the day-care. So Mackenzie offered to sit with the baby at the gym. She got paid really well for the job.
Marcus decides he needs to buy a pair of work boots. He buys a comfortable but sturdy pair of tall brown boots. Now Marcus has great footwear for his new ranch job.
After boarding she realized she needed to use the restroom. The fact she had to wait made it feel more urgent. Amy was so distracted she missed the London City views.
They paid a good amount of money for the tickets. They got VIP treatment because of the price. They both got to meet Taylor Swift and shake her hand.
He hired a speech therapist. He worked hard to improve his stuttering. After many years, he no longer stuttered!
He decided to upgrade his cable. He called the company and let them know. Luckily, they were able to immediately upgrade him.
The dog died from his injuries. The next morning, Tim found out what he had done. He felt wracked with guilt over his actions.
Emily wondered when she would be able to parent her own. She missed her period and went to the doctor that week. She found out that was pregnant with her own child.
He thought he could do better so he practiced more. A shopper walked in on this and was confused. The awkward situation caused the mall Santa to laugh even more.
As she was about to make an offer another woman inquired about it too. Carly began a bidding war over a bottle that was originally 50 cents. In the end she won with the highest bid of 172 cents.
His family told him to avoid Henry or hit him back. However, he refused to do that. Instead, he prepared lunch for Henry and took him to school.
It was fairly full and she had nowhere to sit. A stranger offered her his seat. She took it and thanked him kindly.
When they got to the building's wall, Jerome felt nervous. Once they began spray painting, Jerome took off and ran. His friends began to call him names, but Jerome felt better.
I lamented the loss of my income. Luckily, the researcher launched more work. I was thankful to continue working for him.
I was able to assist people with auto emergencies. Most of my dispatched calls were flat tires. I only quit Roadside Assistance because I wasn't making enough money.
She went out and bought a game that he had his eye on. She wrapped it and on his birthday she went to his house. When she gave the gift, he told her that he already owned the game.
She put on her make and did her hair. Then she put on her new dress. Sara went to the dance and had a great time.
Then she had a great idea. She knitted Charlie a scarf by hand from some old yarn. Charlie loved his warm new Christmas scarf!
He use to dream of making big plays. An injury at practice left an opening spot. Doug is now starting on varsity.
Sam found that the clerk gave him two different sizes by accident. He walked in the new shoes back to the store. The clerk traded Sam for the erroneous shoe.
She was nervous, but she went to the party and made a few new friends. On her way home from the party, one of the boys tried to kiss her! Ella laughed him off, but secretly she was flattered!
Her teacher asked her if she was sure that she wanted to do it. Rachel thought about it. She had a change of heart and decided not to go through with it.
There was an Outback restaurant near her house. She had never worked in food service. But she was desperate, so she applied.
The blanket wasn't enough, I was still cold. I got up and put on some slippers. I felt much more warm.
She did a little snooping, and found out her husband was buying porn. They had a very long talk about his sexual addiction. The very next day, Nan called a therapist for couple counseling.
When Tanya gave her gift to me, I was beyond excited. It was a set of Spanish Language books. I immediately began studying.
A lot of time passed. Tim felt bad about his anger. He decided to forgive Bill and he felt happier.
The kid was scared to get the ball. The neighbor came out and threw the ball again. Now the kid knows the neighbor is friendly
He wanted to go snorkeling with his marine bio class. He told his professor his predicament. His professor agreed to give him private swim lessons before the trip.
She had a lovely time trying the wines of the region. Amy loved the winery and purchased 2 bottles. She had a great time on her Napa Valley vacation.
I look to see what it was. It only took me a few seconds to jump up and run. It was a huge cockroach!
I realized the alarm clock was blinking due to a power failure. I was buttoning my shirt as I ran out the door. The bus pulled up to my stop just as I arrived.
He got 4 tickets to see the phantoms play and invited some family His nephew, his brother, his niece, and his sister all came along They watched the home team sadly lose, but had a great time
The babysitter let the children drink as much water as they wanted. When Mary came home, she checked on the sleeping children. Boys boys had peed their beds.
Finally it is time for Jackson's dental checkup. He needs a tooth removed. Jackson stops drinking so much soda.
When I went back I realized my fears were frivolous. The dentist simply checked my teeth and cleaned them. After that appointment I made sure to schedule visits regularly.
I collected all the individual bins. I sorted out the items that can be recycled. I just barely got the trash to the curb in time!
The internet continues to protest her stories. Her company just gets more and more business from the attention. Cathy plans on donating to more unpopular causes.
She walked around enjoying the art. Then, she complimented the artist. Then, she went home.
Janice tried to clean up the stain with various household cleaners. The stain would not come out. Janice had to replace the stained part with brand new carpet.
She signed him up at a local preschool. Donald was happy to start school. He got on the bus to head to his first day of school.
It was expired but he tried it anyway. Unfortunately, the medicine did nothing to help him. He had to buy some new stuff at the store.
She only wanted to go the sushi restaurant. But she knew it was expensive. She decided to eat there but felt guilty.
But his girlfriend, Melinda, still wanted him. On the bus going to camp, they kissed. The kids around cheered as Charles and Melinda's tongues twirled.
He beat on his dresser like a drum set! He plucked his comb for another cool sound! It was the sweetest music he ever heard!
It was a hot day and the Popsicles melted. I got drippings all over my clothes. Thankfully the drippings washed out though.
They could go by plane or boat. Mom was afraid of heights. They decided to go on a boat.
He finally decided to make it official. They became serious. She introduced him to her friends as her boyfriend.
She ordered a mug of rootbeer, her favorite drink. The root beer came in a frosty mug, ice cold. Clara thoroughly enjoyed drinking the root beer.
They arrived at his school and he was happy. They walked to his class and met his teacher. He ran in the room and told his parents to leave.
Unfortunately, he spills some of the hot water on his hand. He puts ice on his hand until it feels better. Now Warren wishes he had just ordered pizza for dinner.
He planned to finish the reading over the following weekend. But the next day the teacher surprised the class with a pop quiz! Having failed it, a sad George resolved never to be lazy again.
Suddenly, a cat ran across their path and caused them all to run. I was dragged for almost a block before they were stopped. Now I keep them all on separate leashes!
The teacher said she would read the stories when the parents visited. Nell felt horrified she had stolen her mom's story. But when her mom heard Nell's version, she beamed with pride.
I tried to find my cat, and I crawled low to the ground searching. The smoke became too much and I was forced to turn back. My cat didn't make it out but fortunately I did.
There were lots of swimwear options, but no gloves. Kay stopped an employee and asked where they were located. Kay was stunned to find they stopped selling them until next winter.
Fred suggested that they tell ghost stories. Fred started by telling a story first to his friends. His friends were so scared that they all went to sleep in their tents.
They talked for hours. He decided to stop by the next day after they had talked. Josh felt happy having someone to talk to!
One day she went to a planetarium. She was again dumbfounded by the reality of it all. She knew she wanted space to be a part of her future career.
Her favorite, though, were the penguins. She went to see them, but saw that the exhibit was closed that day. She was very sad she missed them.
One day he left it at school. Jay did not think he would sleep. However, his mother bought him a new stuffed animal.
He chews everything, including my shoes. When he's not in my arms, I keep him in a crate. This ensures that he and my stuff are safe.
On Friday night, Billy cooked something his wife didn't like. She told him she liked it anyways. He never knew she didn't like it.
But a week later, he became sick. Tom advised Remy that burnt toast probably isn't healthy. But Remy decided to keep her ways.
So, he decided to practice. After several months, he can make 99 out of 100 free throws! Although he's still short, he's now very good at free throws.
They put it in a brown paper bag and pretended it was wine. They burped and tripped and pretended to be drunk. That night, they were the coolest ten year olds ever.
She ordered a bunch of food. Gina payed for her order and went to the restaurant. Gina told the manager that she will order online again.
She popped it in the toaster. Unfortunately, Tina burnt the toast. Tina has concluded she cannot cook.
After school, her mother picked her up and brought her back home. When she walked inside, there were all of her friends! Amanda realized they had been planning a surprise party!
He baked it from a box mix. Then he decorated it himself. Ben was pleased with his birthday cake.
Then she tried to put some foundation on. She accidentally swiped her eye makeup. It smeared across her face.
He found several good deals. He called each person to set up a meeting. He visited each seller and purchased the car he liked most.
Christian chose to hide the note. Christian did not know his parents already knew. They asked him about it and he lied, which caused him to get grounded.
The company Jess was in asked her where Malaysia was. Jess could only guess what continent it might be in. Jess guessed wrong and felt foolish in front of the group.
They looked up and pointed to the sky. We saw two bats flying around. We went inside.
He learned a lot about American history. He also snapped lots of photos. Neil couldn't wait to relive his memories of Philadelphia!
He got his sweatshirt wet. He tried to dry the water soaked area. He did his best to clean it up.
The teapot fell to the floor and broke. Dan blamed it on his two year old brother. He was relieved that he wouldn't get in trouble.
Reese applied to be an airline attendant. She was hired on the spot. Reese now travels the world daily and is happy.
I enrolled in a culinary college. I went to class every day and studied hard. Then I moved to France to continue my education to become a chef.
One day she order an extra large fry. But when she got her order it was a small onion ring. She doesn't go back to that place anymore.
But he did the right thing and called the dachshund's owner. The owner was so happy, she cried and cried. Then she promised to give Leo one of the dachshund puppies!
Still she shoveled, scoop after scoop. Kara looked back and made a plaintive gasp of despair. The snow had already covered her tracks.
We went inside and set up our equipment. We played for an hour and it went well. Afterwards, we were invited to come back.
He worked night and day, and rarely slept. Finally, he showed his friends his game. It worked perfectly!
As they walked, Sarah noticed a dog park filled with other dogs. She opened the gate and let max inside the play area. Max played with several of the other dogs and had fun.
They watched many funny videos together. They grew closer by laughing and enjoying those positive experiences. Tim eventually proposed and they married.
At 6 o'clock, it still hadn't brewed. It's broken. I have to buy a new one.
Little did I know how dangerous the city was. I was robbed in downtown Mexico City. I decided to leave the city to protect myself.
I looked around at a lot of different drinks. I finally decided on a White Mocha. Once it was made, it was delicious!
When he went to pour milk nothing came out. He looked at it to see the problem. It was so old that a chunk had clogged it.
She bought a ticket and went inside. Inside, she got some snacks and a drink. Then, she got to see the movie.
His flight was cancelled due to bad weather. Pete was upset and asked an employees if anything can be done. The employees gave Pete free flights for a year for his troubles.
Then his mom offered him $5 to try one. Ed accepted the offer. He made $5 and found that he liked carrots after all!
He only ever used the yacht for two events. The first was its inaugural journey. The second was its farewell before Barney sold it.
She called them to find out how she would get in the building. She was afraid she missed them when they didn't answer immediately. Finally they answered and told her she was at the wrong door.
To my surprise, I discovered I was pregnant with twin boys! A C-section was automatically covered because I was having twins. I would recommend this method of delivery to everyone!
She greeted her childhood cat. Patricia started sneezing wildly while petting him. She was sad to realize that she was now allergic to cats.
As John went to work he saw dark clouds developing but kept driving. John drove into a thunderstorm as he drove and had to pull over. John turned around and went home, having narrowly escaped the storm.
Whichever actor are more of the dog food would do the commercial. The actors ferociously ate the dog food until they were too full. Soon after one actor vomited and he was declared the loser.
She heard a ripping sound when she fell. Sure enough, her pants had ripped right down the seam. She borrowed a friends sweater to hide her exposed buttocks!
His only wish is for Nasa to call. Instead another wasted day spent daydreaming. Until the clock strikes five and it's time to go home.
He collected all the wires and put them in the trash. The trash can was very full so he had to tie the lid down. The man dragged the can to the curb for collection.
Thus, I lost my concentration and my finger slipped into the saw. My finger was cut off. I fainted and went into a coma for a week due to the shock.
He put all her clothes in one load. Some of her items were ruined. Sam's girlfriend was upset.
Sid went to the kitchen for a snack. He sat down to watch the news while he ate. When he noticed the clock, he was shocked that an hour had passed.
I am disabled and cannot walk far. My wife walked down to the pond and took several photos. I printed and framed one to hang near my desk.
The man stole the garage sale of his rival. He tossed all of the stolen signs in a dumpster. That weekend he had a lot of people stop by his house.
A Mormon called me and asked why I wanted the book. I told her I study religions as a hobby. She said they would send me a book in the mail.
Eating a bite of her food, she chipped her tooth and began crying. Upon hearing this, her manager came over and asked what was wrong. Lisa wouldn't stop sobbing, so the manager sent her home for the day.
One day rob was with Shelley in the hallway. Michael coincidentally was passing by so he saw them together. Michael and Rob got into a fight.
I then instructed my son to read the menu and select a food option. When the waiter came I told my son to tell the waiter his selection. My son now understands how to order food at a restaurant.
All of a sudden, a 5 earthquake started shaking the area. It was over as soon as it started, but I was still scared. Luckily, there were no aftershocks.
However, he broke a classroom's window when he threw the ball. The teacher got out of the classroom and scolded the two. They ended up receiving detention.
It was flying all over while I chase it with a broom. My husband opened all the windows and doors. It finally exited the same way it came in, through the front door.
She stumbled out of her room towards the bathroom. The stunned people in the hallway quickly got out of her way. Gina ran to the toilet and emptied her stomach.
The little boy tried, but he couldn't climb up after it. The boy went in the house and sadly watched his plane from the window. To the boys delight a big wind came along, blowing the plane down.
Than she began to roll it in balls. Soon she had a big Snowman. Ann had the coolest snowman on the block.
She confessed to me that she's a transgender. I was speechless however, I told her that I think of her the same way. She ended up giving me a hug.
The tailor took his measurements. He fitted the suit coat to the groom's shoulders. The groom loved his new custom made tuxedo.
He did special stretching exercises, too. On his tenth birthday he was measured again. He was ecstatic to see he had grown half a foot!
Even at the early hour, the park was almost full. The skater girls had to wait their turns to be able to use the ramps. The girls stayed at the park for only about an hour before going home.
Deciding it best she made her way up on the stage. Ashley stood up and leapt beer in hand confident she would be caught. Ashley hit the floor hard and the bottle knocked out her front teeth.
They wanted to live life on the road. They only made it a single day, though. Unused to driving a vehicle that large, they totaled it parking.
He casted out his fishing pole and waited. A fish grabbed his bait he lost his fishing pole. He gave up on fishing and went home.
When the big day arrives, Davis feels sick. He cannot go to the spelling bee. Sitting at home, Davis wishes he hadn't studied so much for nothing.
He thought she should get something a lot bigger. Katie told him it needed to be fuel-efficient. Katie finally picked a sedan, striking a compromise between the two.
So, we went across town to her house. His mom and I clicked immediately upon meeting. She cooked for us and told me old stories all night.
He would blow his nose. He would keep tissues ready. The sniffles persisted for weeks, and he was forced to see a doctor.
He took good care of every single plant. Now that he is no longer here, I take care of his plants. It is a good way to remember my father.
She liked to eat bugs from the webs that she supn. She injected them with venomous fangs. She was a very good spider till she was eaten by a bird.
He bought all the ingredients to make meatballs. I began to make the meatballs and it took some time. The meatballs were done by dinner time.
It was his wife's favorite. He ordered a new one online. He replaced it without her ever knowing.
While she was in the kitchen one of the sides caved in. She returned to find wax covering the table and carpet. It took her several days to remove all the wax.
Elizabeth was getting bored sitting at home. Then she remembered she could do art. Elizabeth made a box for her earrings and had fun.
Nancy became aggravated and grabbed a chair. She launched it towards Jeff. He fell on the floor.
He went into her room and cut her hair. When Tina woke up she was furious. Alex ended up being grounded.
Normally Chris writes down when he communicates with them. However over the summer Chris took on online course on sign language. Now he communicates with his coworkers faster and perfectly!
She got in her car and got to the salon. Her stylist started to cut. When she was done Kelly looked great.
Unfortunately, she couldn't find the shirt anymore. Instead, she had to look at a new shirt entirely. She settled on a new blouse and bought it.
But he was a benchwarmer for the sophomore team. He practiced hard and attended all of the games. When the starting forward was hurt, Charles was the starter.
It was too late to do his laundry now. Sam quickly went to the store and bought new clothes. He looked very classy with his new attire at work.
Becky was made fun of for being a girl who enjoys playing football. She continued to keep playing despite what the other kids said. Becky is glad that she continued doing what made her happy.
Tom took the ferrets home. The ferrets used the bathroom all over the house. Tom returned the ferrets to his friend.
For the rest of the day he felt free from work. The next day his boss asked if he filed the paperwork yet. The man laughed and told him it was taken care of.
When it was finally here it rained for hours. When it was over we stepped outside. Just as we had hoped, everything was still okay.
he finally made it through the fog. he looked around through the clear skies He saw he was at the airport and landed.
Later that day Kyle told his father that he wanted to join the circus. His father explained that he was simply too young to join a circus. Kyle was surprised the next day when his father gave him a unicycle.
Then we invited all our other friends over to hunt the eggs. Everyone found many eggs, and one friend found the prize. That friend was the happiest of all.
One day he was sitting down on the grass. He felt a stinging sensation. He ended up at the hospital because of red ant bites.
Lydia wanted to be able to breastfeed anywhere while doing anything. Lydia learned to babywear and breastfeed at the same time. She was then able to feed her baby hands free in any location.
With a lot of practice, her books became very beautiful. Now, she sells her books. She is making a living doing what she loves to do.
She checks for updates every day. One day she got a message from a youtuber encouraging her to join. Soon after she set up her own channel.
The source of the smell appeared to come from the refrigerator. He opened it up and saw that there was rotting meat he forgot about. After he took out the bad meat, his house began to smell fine.
After he graduated he got a well paying job. This job made Jordon feel like school was worth it. Jordon now encourages others to do well in school.
She and the rattlesnake both froze. Finally, the rattlesnake moved on. Teresa never went hiking alone again.
The family noticed the pizza tasted cold when they bit into it. They called the pizza store and they apologized. They got a refund and a new pizza delivered to them quickly.
Her parents visited with piles of baby clothes from other grandkids. Her mother-in-law brought sacks of baby clothes she'd been saving. June donated a big box of baby clothes to the Salvation Army.
The man told the customers to lay down, then demanded money. Joe obediently lay on his stomach and prayed. Soon the robber ran off and Joe got up, very shaken.
She also made sure she had enough money on hand. When she got to the store, she found it busier than usual. It took twice as long to get everything she wanted.
Nobody wants to hire her though. She decides to go get her masters. She goes back to college.
Unfortunately, they didn't have my size. I decided to search around. Luckily, I was able to find one dress in my size.
We bought the hamster, cage, and exercise wheel. She did not like the hamster because he bit her. The hamster died after a few months and we buried him.
Halfway through the semester, her car broke down on the way to school. It became clear she wouldn't have another way to get around. Eventually Nicole had to take a few weeks off of both and loved it.
The specialist gave her tips and prescribed her medicine. That night as she settled down for bed she did as she was instructed. She had the best sleep she had in a long time.
Suddenly, she dropped the laptop, smashing it. To top it all of, her water splashed on to the laptop. The machine was completely destroyed.
I bought an electric mouse trap. One day my son heard a popping sound. We opened the trap to find an electrocuted mouse.
When she went into the water she got scared. She was afraid she would drown. Luckily the lifeguard was there to help.
She was having a hard time remembering to take them though. Her husband offered to help her keep on top of them. With his help, she kept on track and got healthy.
He finally found the car he wants. He goes down to the car lot, and negotiates the price. After the negotiations, Eddy drives off with his new car.
He goes out to the bars at least two nights a week. He also drinks while he is at home. Lori confronts him and he gets very angry and defensive.
She compared her choices. But she bought one with low storage space to save money. Bella later regret not spending more money.
She went jump to school and back. One day is rained and left puddles on the sidewalk. Sally was sad she jumped everywhere that day.
Our daughter put winter clothes onto the child. She took the child out to enjoy the snow. Our granddaughter cried as soon as she saw the cold, and went back in.
He offered to buy the whole town. The people were excited because they had been struggling. Before the deal was concluded the man was killed and town ruined.
Now he's much less gregarious. He still says he's looking for love. But we all think Tom's learned his lesson.
He only needed a quarter, and he was so thirsty. He decided to look under the vending machine, and he found one! Dave had found a quarter and was able to buy a drink.
She threatened to throw them away. Danny took them to the pawn shop. He made enough money from the ones containing fossils to move out!
They decided to have dinner together at graham's house. His friend brought her dog over and the pets played. Graham and the woman started dating.
Cindy spilled red wine by mistake. The red wine stained the white carpets. Cindy covered up the spill with a chair.
I decided that I would climb it. I spent a long time climbing each branch. I made it to the top but started getting scared, so I stopped.
Finally, one day, he sits beside a girl in a coffee shop. She introduces herself, and they begin talking for hours. Marcus hopes that he might have finally met someone to love.
Vanilla ice cream was her absolute favorite. One day the shop was out of vanilla and she had to try chocolate. Chocolate became her new favorite flavor.
The gunman had gotten past the guards and the metal detectors. It shouldn't have happened, but it did. Adam prayed with them and did his best to give comfort.
Suddenly, I walked onto an IED. Thankfully, I lived. But, I lost my legs.
After the trap was set they ate breakfast. Fox and his father returned and checked the trap. The trap was sprung but they had caught a mouse.
She needed to find a way to express how this made her feel. Olga decided to wear black every day after that. Now Olga never wears bright clothing.
The boss asks her to sign the contract. She reads it and signs. She is happy that she is finally signed.
One day, his computer stopped working. He took it to a technician, who said it had a virus. Tom suddenly wished he had been more careful downloading files.
Ed couldn't wait to see Frank embarrass himself at school! But Frank was a fierce competitor, easily beating Ed. He laughed as Ed walked into class in his mom's blue dress.
At first she was getting a lot of jobs. However, more people started doing it. This caused the jobs for Kara to decrease.
One day, he was being careless and fell from the tree. He hit his head hard and woke up thinking he really was a monkey. Now Luke is called Chimples and only eats bananas.
By the time she changed, it was too late to see the opening. Mary was able to catch the next show. She thought it was everything it was hyped to be.
The film took first place. For a while he was treated as if he was a movie star. Pat loved the fame and began to make another movie.
He gave items to Goodwill, but wasn't certain how to claim the items. He researched his question online, at several tax sites. He found the answer and then finished his tax return.
We sat down with popcorn in front of the big screen. The sound was very loud. The whole experience was very thrilling.
Eventually Tim drank too much. His date started feeling uncomfortable. Tim messed up his chance at a second date.
He was going to pick her up for dinner but Lisa was nervous. Finally when he got her, Lisa's nerves calmed down. To her surprise, the two had a lot of fun.
They ate breakfast and went into the kitchen to start baking. They made cookies and cake. Martha and her mother enjoyed their Sunday baking.
When the friend opened the gift, she looked curiously at Jenny. She told Jenny it was the same punch set she gave her Years ago. Jenny laughed and said best friends share the same taste.
He bought muscle building supplements. Tim went to a bodybuilding competition. He got the first place prize.
I was exhausted. All I wanted to do was get to my destination. Thankfully I got a partial refund.
Keith enrolled in culinary school. After school Keith worked at a famous restaurant. Keith worked his way up to being head chef.
To prepare, she went to the store to get lunch items for the week. She had fun picking items that she would enjoy. At the end of the trip, she was happy with how she prepared.
Water was not an issue for her. She finally found that it was bugs eating her plants. After debugging, Kelly is now enjoying beautiful roses.
Lola's aunt told her that she would also come. However, Lola and her husband had a fight before the trip. Lola felt very bad that she couldn't realize her plans.
One night, Matt decided he was going to show Sally stars. Sally was unimpressed by Matt that night. Sally then broke up with Matt because he was lame.
She went to the market and bought some drinks. But the cashier didn't even ask for an ID. Pam felt a little disappointed.
Tami and Gina decided to split up and cut him off. He had no where to run. Tami tackled the boy and Gina took the pencil from him.
She became very accomplished with her baking so she sold loaves. Eventually June opened up her own bakery. June found her true calling as a baker.
One day Allison saw ants on the floor. The ants were crawling on her clothes and school books. Allison cleaned her room and the ants were gone soon.
Bonkers was trying to get away from Ryan because he was tired. Ryan wouldn't leave Bonkers alone so Bonkers attacked Ryan. Ryan learned not to annoy cats anymore.
She knew there was a problem when she saw it at the bottom of her bag. Everything was smashed, particularly her PB&J sandwich. She ate it anyways, but it was not very appetizing.
The vet was not sure why he was losing weight, and did a blood test. When the results came back, we found out Max had kidney failure. We put him on a special diet and is back to a normal weight.
The hamster bit his thumb, hard! Ron was surprised, and accidentally dropped the hamster. The hamster died later that day.
Raymond couldn't believe how stupid that sounded, and flipped out. Raymond started breaking bottles everywhere. The clerk called the cops, and Raymond went to jail.
We were frightened of the fast moving river. Daryl should have been, too. He lost his footing on a slick rock, and drowned.
When Jack started to work on it, he stabbed the battery cell. As a result, the phone didn't turn on. Since he broke it, he had to pay Bill the full price for the phone.
Suddenly, Terry saw a very large bird flying right at nis dog. Terry picked up and threw a rock at the bird right as it swooped down. The bird died on impact, and Terry's dog began to happily chew on it.
When she got home no one was there. Allison called her mom to find out what was going on. Her mom told Allison had passed away.
But Bob forget them. When they decided to take a break, they realized they had no water. Jim and Bob were forced to turn around after hours of hiking.
Carlos meets a nice girl there and they exchange phone numbers. The next week they go out for a cup of coffee. Carlos hopes he has finally met someone he can love.
While grabbing ingredients, he noticed he was missing some things. Ted decided to wing it and make his own recipe with what he had. After entering the competition, Ted won second place with his recipe.
However, two people were fighting. One was pushed towards me. I ended up getting hit.
One day, Pete decided to speed at the highest rate he could take it. Pete's car soon lost control, and flipped over off the highway. Pete became paralyzed from the crash, and can no longer drive at all.
She had to walk up to the grocery store to buy some. When she got home, she made a cup right away. Then she sat in her chair and sipped it contentedly!
She didn't care. She blew up and threatened him in front of everyone. He decided to stay with her out of fear.
He talked to the first one he saw. She denied him. He then got discouraged.
A day later, she received news from him that is was cancerous. Tina had surgery to remove the spot. It left a huge scar, but Tina was now cancer free.
She sterilized a large safety pin. Then she used it to poke a hole in her navel! Afterwards, she replaced the pin with a metal ring.
Neil apprehended him on his way out. Shamefaced, the thief confessed and returned the sweater. Neil thought it over and decided not to press charges.
Then she decided to ask her little brother. He eagerly agreed to play with her. Nina and her brother had a great time playing ball!
Derek had long since given up hope that anything could happen. In the final week of senior year, Derek asked Mary out. Mary politely declined, and Derek's heart was broken.
He went to his yard to see if he could see anything. To his surprise he saw fires raging in the hills around him. He was nervous but luckily it didn't reach him.
She had her friends go outside and act. Then she edited all of the scenes. Finally, she turned it in.
It was their first time seeing the circus. We all enjoyed watching the various acts. After the circus was over we went out for ice cream.
Her daughter found a large magnifying glass on Amazon. She gave the magnifying glass to Kay. Now Kay can read the small print on her prescription bottles.
Thankfully Cara went through some loopholes and got the bag. As soon as she got it she posted pictures to social media. She was thrilled.
One competition, she fell and broke her leg. She was determined to participate in the next competition though. She wore her cast dancing, and the audience applauded her effort.
Colin got his own apartment, and was very excited. A month later, he got his first set of bills. Upon reading them, the excitement of living alone went away.
They hid them in their sleeves and pulled them out during the test. Eventually, the teacher caught on and took them to the dean. They failed the test and were both suspended for a week.
She opened it up, excited to check out her new phone. For some reason, the phone would not turn on. She had to send it back and get a replacement.
Alas, it was closed for the weekend. Jon decided to make some candy at home. He tried making candy but burnt the sugar and gave up.
Any chance she got she asked for a new doll. Jamie ended up with a large collection of dolls. She saved all her dolls for own daughters to play with one day.
But after a few bites, he was beginning to lose his appetite. He had two more plates of food. But it all went to waste.
While out to dinner Margret and Yolanda drank some water. Unable to hold her bladder, Yolanda used a public toilet. Margaret was proud of her friend for facing her fears.
He replied inquiring who it was. It turned out to be spam. John was disappointed.
She didn't really feel that sad, because it was only a silly fish. Her Mom told her to just flush it down the toilet. So, that's exactly what she did.
I realized it was the wrong pill. I felt sick for a few hours. I realized I needed to be more careful about taking pills.
He didn't like sharing everything with his identical brother. Lee longed to have his own identity. As he grew he began to explore his personal interest.
She took it home. Kim later found a missing dog poster. It was the one she found and she returned it.
Timmy told his pals about his find. When they went to see the boat, the tadpoles were gone. Then, they noticed tiny frogs hopping in the grass by the boat.
Larry finally buys a home beer brewing kit. He follows the instructions perfectly to brew his first batch. Larry is happy that he finally has a hobby.
However, one day, he decides to give them some bird seed. Now instead of being annoyed, he starts to love the birds. David decides to feed the birds every morning.
She wondered if he had worked hard to create that window art for her. Sue sort of felt bad as she cleaned it away. The next day, her dog created a new masterpiece on the window.
He went in and bought himself a massage. It was his first time and he loved it. Dan visits the massage parlor now every time he's in pain.
She was afraid she may never find her way home. She was afraid she would be kidnapped. She was relieved it was over.
Then all the lights went off, and a woman walked out with a cake. Macey surprised her husband with a birthday party! Her husband whispered to her it wasn't his birthday.
On his third throw it crashed into the pins and they all fell. The display screen declared that he rolled a turkey. Jay wasn't sure what what meant but he was happy.
His opponent tilted his head with interest. Gus thought more and went to grab his knight. The opponent gasped with this turn of events.
She drove to the best hairstylist. When she got there they took a long time. But when it was done, Katie thought it looked great.
He learned that he didn't drink nearly enough water. He began drinking more water each day. Soon he felt much better.
After 10 minutes, she continued to work on the problem. Eventually she gave up and asked the teacher for help. He was able to solve it within 5 minutes.
Then he saw that the jail had a GED program. Tyler decided to use his time incarcerated to get a GED. When he left jail, he was glad to have furthered his education!
She asked a friend for advice. The friend had the same problem and gave her a great recommendation. Samantha tried it and it worked great!
Deciding to take action, Annie posted flyers for a yard sale. That day, the entire neighborhood showed up and bought everything. Annie ended up with a clean house and made her rent that day.
However the sport is dominated by men. Nikki hates the idea of not playing at the highest level. But Nikki can't play in the NHL.
Joe took charge and went after the old pine with a chainsaw. Much sooner than anyone expected the tree began to fall. We got lucky as the tree missed my mom's house by just a few feet!
He poured the tea badly and spilled it on himself. He was very embarrassed. His date found it cute though.
When she got home, she noticed that she had a small cut on her feet. Concerned that she may get an infection, she washed the wound well. She then put on some antibiotic ointment and went to bed.
We had all our boxes packed up. The movers got a call from their boss. They had to leave before we had even loaded a single box.
He came back a week later to pick up his bus. The garage worker told him it cost $8,000. The bus driver told him at that price he'll have to raise bus fare.
He was following the path of ancient pilgrims. Soon he had arrived at the end of the trail. Neil was now in Santiago, Spain!
While the tank was filling up, he decided to smoke. A nearby police officer spotted Jon smoking. He scolded Jon and told him about gasoline safety.
Instead, he had been sent outside to play. He seized a branch and began climbing out of sheer frustration. Before he knew it, he was having fun and forgot all about video games.
Jamie went to the store and looked for a gift for the two year old. Jamie found a pair of toy high heel shoes that the little girl liked. The little girl was happy to have an Easter gift that she loved.
Her boss was sad but still invited her to the company Christmas party. She decided to go to the party. It was extremely awkward and she regretted going.
The drum major pulled the line aside. They practiced for hours. The drum line can now keep the rhythm, and the band sounds wonderful.
He went next door and helped the elderly man in his yard. The man was so happy he hired Sebastian to help him every week. Now Sebastian isn't bored and he has money for ice cream every day.
There's one highway in Iceland that goes around the whole country. Ben and Jack had three days to drive around the whole road. They did so, and loved every minute of passing scenery and adventure.
They both fixed it up together. On Jake's 18th birthday his dad gifted it to him. Jake kept it for many years.
It seems like he never cared about me and always favored my brother. I took the Bible home and dropped it by mistake. Hidden in the pages of the Bible was the deed to the mansion.
As he tried to turn into the left lane, a car stopped. Before he can stop, he ran into the car. The driver got knocked into a coma.
They went to a karaoke lounge and practiced singing. Tara also practiced by herself for four weeks. Tere sang at the contest and won first place!
I decided to eat him to put him out of his misery. He tasted pretty good. My wife called me a monster and didn't talk to me for two days.
Pumpkin was the worst to her. When someone gave her a pumpkin pie. She would always throw it right back at them.
Santiago lied and said he was making a lot of progress. He spent the rest of the afternoon meditating, which helped him focus. He returned to work refreshed and was easily able to write.
He captured the frog and brought it home. Unfortunately Cody did not know what to feed the frog. When the frog starved, Cody wished he had never brought it home.
One day she needed to pay a fine for parking. She decided to pay with her huge amount of pennies! She had to use a cart to wheel in the thousands of pennies!
When the kid walked into the pet store he saw the turtle. He asked his dad to buy the turtle. When they got home he named him pokey.
Upon entering, they heard bangs and footsteps. As they went further in, they heard strange ghastly voices and screams They ran out at full speed, and didn't stick around for more scares!
My fingers hurt as I crocheted and crocheted, but I didn't stop. By Christmas, I had each hat made uniquely for the recipient. They were a hit!
She arrived 2 minutes late due to traffic. Her opponent decided to forfeit. Whitney automatically won.
Her husband took a quick look but did not notice anything serious. Melanie insisted that she be taken to the hospital. The doctors found nothing out of the ordinary other than a pimple.
He dreamed of going to the lesson and making a bulls eye! Unfortunately, none of his arrows even hit the target. Though Jeremy wasn't very good yet, he was determined to keep at it.
Nobody showed up. She felt really sad. She ended up crying and watching tv.
She assumed she would eat all of it. Yet when it came it was massive. Tina was in shock and only could eat one slice.
That night, her sister left Jessica to go out with friends. Jessica spent the entire night alone. When her mom found out, she was furious at Jessica's sister.
However, at first, he cannot decide what to eat. Finally, he decides to make a turkey sandwich with avocado. After eating the sandwich, Marcus begins working again.
His wife vacuumed around his feet. Nick got angry and complained she was too loud. Nick hit her, his wife called the cops and he went to jail.
One day someone took the dog. The neighbors blamed the Bundy's. They never saw the dog again.
He walked out, not saying much to his former teammates. Outside, his coach ran up to him. He handed Harry his uniform, to keep.
They wondered where he could possibly be from. One man listened so intensely that he drove off the road. Parth vowed never to record books on tape again.
The class was cancelled due to lack of interest. She talked the instructor into a private lesson. Now she has learned how to add a blog to her website.
He looked everywhere but no keys. He realized he wasn't going anywhere, so he put his lunch back. His keys were in the refrigerator!
One day the state made it illegal. Martin got depressed and moved to a different state. Now Martin and his parents don't get along.
2 of his friends had gotten him the same video game. Rick was able to return one of the games at the store the next day. Rick bought a new game controller with the money.
Ralph bought his ice cream and kept talking to Joe. They talked for so long, all of Ralph's ice cream melted. Ralph went back in line for more ice cream.
For many Years the cactus did not grow. However, after 20 Years the cactus had grown quite large. It now stands watch in Clara's front yard.
Tracy married Doug because they were in love. Doug found out that Tracy slept with Mr Washington. Mr Washington and Robin's baby died under mysterious circumstances.
On his birthday, his parents chose to surprise him. They took him on his first airplane ride. Tyler was amazed by the views he could see from the air.
One day she met Jim and everything changed. She ended up marrying Jim and they were very happy. Renae learned how to trust again.
They were typical Americans, and beat Dave up. Dave ran back to Canada. Dave brewed some coffee and watched moose while he planned revenge.
Her husband told her he didn't realize there was stuff to be done. Lita sat down to make a To-do list for him. She pointed at the list any time he was planning to stay up late.
From the top of the hill, John could see the entire amusement park. He was stuck at the top for three hours. John never went on a roller coaster again.
While there, he went to the country and ate some beef. The beef was delicious, but it made him very sick. Timothy was flown back to a hospital in the USA, and never returned.
As customers started arriving, they loved the lemonade. At the end of the day, the girls made $100. Jenna and her friends were elated.
Although they gave him money, he ordered an alcoholic drink. The bartender handed the mug. He quickly rushed the drink down his throat.
She drank as much as he did. She agreed to go to his hotel because she needed to pass out. When she woke up, she knew she had sex but hadn't agreed to.
I looked inside the sandwich. It was full of raspberry jam instead of strawberry. I threw the sandwich in the trash.
Most riders I transported were very friendly and talkative. There were only a few people that didn't want to conversate. Overall I feel Uber is an excellent way to network with people.
The two raced down the street. Tom won the race. Now Bill has no money left.
He stayed in bed and didn't look at the clock for hours. Finally, he checked and it was already three o'clock in the afternoon. Frank then regretted that he wasted most of his day off in bed.
He looked forward to his daily lollipop all morning long. One Saturday, his mother took Timmy to the candy store. Timmy picked out a lollipop that was bigger than his own head!
I called them and set it up. When the cards came, they were beautiful. I will use this company again.
Ken lost the bet. He refused to shave. Charlie stopped being his friend.
She could not find it anywhere. She thought she had lost it! Then she found it under her bed.
Tom had never taken a business trip before. Tom had fun on the plane. Tom completed the business trip and had a great time.
Even her attempt at a ponytail didn't work out. Gwen hoped washing it with conditioner would help. Finally, Gwen's hair was tamed into position.
However to my dismay, the meatballs were actually made of soy. When I took a bite I thought I would hate it. But actually they tasted very good.
She went to a popular site and registered. All the men who contacted her seemed like creeps. After 2 weeks Jane deactivated her dating profile.
The doctor told her chemotherapy was likely her best option. Jenny consented, and the treatment took months. In the end, it was successful and her cancer went into remission.
I finally asked her to dance. I leaned in to try and steal a kiss. She kicked me in the shin as hard as she could.
His phone rang and caused him to reach into his pants. His friends told him they were throwing a party tonight. He would not be bored for much longer.
The music was not to her liking. She asked the DJ to play a song that brought back her memories. She ended the night passed out upstairs.
She was no longer embarrassed she hadn't played. Kim was just proud of Amy for making the team. The girls hugged and Amy felt better about the whole situation.
She sorted all the candy by color. Each different color was put into a separate bag. Sara only ate the red candies that day.
At one point he dozed off. When he woke up his partner laughed a bit. Jared felt embarrassed.
She often used Styrofoam cups. She started using washable cups instead. She is one step closer to helping the earth.
I test drove a bunch of them. Some I hated more than others. But I finally decided on a new Ford.
Soon after Jim started shoveling, he stepped on a brand and slipped. Jim fell backwards and broke his back. Now Jim has to recover and is out of work for 6 months.
We had to call the medics since she couldn't get back. She was diagnosed with a broken tailbone. The principal sent a substitute to help teach the class.
Ben kicked open the door to face the snow head on. He took a few steps out and felt the cold. Ben ran to the mailbox and ran back as fast as he could.
Her sister Julie, accidently ripped the wing of the kite. Sandy was so angry at her sister that she hit her. Sandy was sad that her hard work was destroyed.
Megan searched the store and tried on some new pairs. Finally, she chose a pair and bought them. When she showed her mom, her mom said that they were still too short.
I colored my Santa's eyes brown. The teacher yelled at me and told me to color Santa's eyes blue. I stopped liking art class after that day.
First she built the frame. Then, she put the small bits on. Finally, she added some decorative stickers.
His son shouted at him and said no. Bob grounded his son. His son decided he should do the dishes next time.
She was having a hard time keeping up and needed some help. She called up her friend Sean. Sean arrived quickly, and she was able to keep things under control.
She thought she could make it. She didn't and stalled out near the restaurant. Her date felt stood up and she never heard from him again.
I bought a large carton of cigarettes. I went back home and opened a pack. I smoked the cigarette and felt peace.
His visa was denied. He decided to go to the embassy to argue the rejection. The embassy kicked him out!
First, she rallied her friends around the idea. Then, they created the petition and passed it around. Soon, they had enough signatures to convince the school to change.
All complaints were ignored and the new neighbors eventually divorced. The new neighbor's wife remained and a new man moved in with her. This new man was allergic to cats and the cats were removed.
Last December we met for the first time, in Singapore. While we were there Michael asked me to be his wife. I can't believe how happy I am to have found my soul mate.
She finally decided to go to the pool. Her friends helped her learn to swim. She's not afraid anymore.
Finally she called an exterminator to kill the cockroaches. The exterminator killed them. Ellen is happy now that her apartment doesn't have cockroaches.
On his birthday, Carl opened his presents, but there was no wagon. Anne came around the corner of the house with one last gift. Anne had bought Carl a new wagon.
She approached the back of the group. However, the coach noticed her. She gave Nancy an F and told her to leave.
Somehow, he slipped away. Martha frantically began searching for him. Luckily, an employee had spotted him and they were reunited.
When it was taken out, the top layer was completely burned. I tried to take one bite of the food. I threw up after swallowing it.
Janice didn't write down the information. Her mom forgot, causing her to miss her doctor's appointment. Janice promised her that she would write it down from now on.
This past summer we went camping in New England. We had a great time. I can't wait to go back.
One day angry at having to walk the dog Beth let the dogs run loose. Aerial the dog ran into the road and was hit and killed by a car. Sad and Angry Joe had to bury the dog and console his children.
She decided to drive to the shop to look. She liked the first one she tried on. She immediately bought it.
He was very scared. He sat so still until the lion went away. He had never been so scared before.
A wealthy man purchased the building. The museum was completely renovated and remodelled. A year later it was filled with happy visitors.
I take it with cream and sugar each time. I've read an article that so much sugar is very bad for you. So from now on I just drink it black and it works fine.
The rooster was becoming aged and started coming later and later. One day the rooster stopped coming to Rick's house. Rick knew what this meant and couldn't help but be sad.
She drove him there while Ben thought nothing of the long drive. When they got inside, he frown deeply realizing what was going on. Although, he seemed to enjoy himself quite a bit when they left.
I was running around the field trying to catch the ball. A classmate threw the ball and it hit me in the face. I never tried to play football again.
Dave plays 18 songs with his band. Dave gets tired and has to stop playing. Dave packs his flute up and goes home.
Then she called the auto club to help her. They towed her car to a garage. There, the mechanic fixed Edna's smoking engine.
Stan went to the supply closet and got a roll of twine. He tied the twine around his waist to act like a belt. Stan felt low class but he was glad that his pants were up.
She started changing after she got pregnant. She developed a craving for dark chocolate. Now she does not like white chocolate!
However, Hector ignored their advice. One day Hector dropped his phone while he was texting and walking. Hector felt deep regret and sadness that he hadn't listened.
The kids asked Joey how much money his dad made. Joey replied with a sum he thought sounded impressive. The kids laughed and told everyone Joey lived in the poor house.
He ran until he fell and hurt his knee. Pat decided to hop on one leg to finish. The entire crowd was impressed with his perseverance.
The girls got there early to get some good deals. They filled their buckets with everything. When they left they were happy.
He taught dance across the east. They loved him in the west. It was all dedication that made his rhythm strong.
When I began eating, another student asked me for some. five minutes later, they asked for more. He ended up finishing the bag before I did.
He grasped the pot to move it to a cooler spot. But then he dropped it, swearing madly. He had forgotten to grab the handles and burned his hands!
Then, he put them in the oven. While they baked, Graham fell asleep. By the time he woke up, he had burnt the muffins.
All of the trees were very small. Many years passed. Finally the orchard was mature enough to produce fruit.
He spent days chopping trees and piling logs. He laid the logs and wedged them into place. Westin had completed his new log cabin!
Finally her aunt's car pulled up in front of the house. Kim greeted her aunt with a big smile and asked for Mashed Potatoes. Her aunt laughed heartily.
She made herself an emergency dentist appointment. The dentist fixed some of Ida's teeth for her. Ida felt a lot better after that!
Later she went to use the oil again. She felt greasy liquid all over the shelf. She realized that she had left the bottle open.
A friend suggested she see it. Amy felt she was way too adult to see that movie. At the theater she decided to see a Pg13 movie instead.
They decorated the basement in a Hawaiian theme. Jill made handmade invitations to hand out to her friends. Her mom even bought her a grass skirt that everyone loved.
The driver although the cause was not injured but Drew was killed. The drunk driver wasn't charged with Drew's death. Drew was a week away from turning 18.
The marshmallows looked amazing on the stick and crispy. The girls took them off and put them between chocolate and crackers. The girls were happy to taste their s'mores.
Suddenly she saw dozens of ants among the crackers. She yelped and dropped the box. She was so upset but she had to throw them away.
He eventually challenged Chad to a race. Jim won the 100 meter dash but lost in the 200 meter dash. Both Jim and Chad decided to work together to become faster.
Alicia tried to keep her husband calm. He was very upset and told off the person. Alicia was very embarrassed.
Mandy's stick had begun to die. She ran up to her mom and asked for a new one. Her mom gave her a new stick.
She ordered a large pepperoni pizza. Unfortunately, she developed food poisoning from the pepperoni pizza. Amy vowed to not eat pizza again for a long time.
They searched him and found his pocketknife! Ed had forgotten to leave it at home! Security threatened to arrest Ed.
Her teacher announced a pop quiz. To her disappointment she was unprepared. When Kelly got the quiz she left it blank.
When he raised his head, a ball was flying towards him. He quickly put up the glove he'd brought with him. He caught the ball!
He would work everyday for 12 hours. He came up with his first product in 6 months. Everyone loved the product, and now Zach is rich.
She called her superintendent, who told her the radiator was fine. Sylvia went and bought a temperature gauge, it was 48 degrees! The superintendent came that day, and repaired her radiator.
I then realized the sump pump stopped working. I went to the hardware store to get a replacement. I quickly hooked it up and the problem was resolved.
He agreed and they set off. Holding hands, they walked their neighborhood together. They walked for over an hour!
With much effort, Even tried to move toward the toy. Finally, the toy was within his grasp. Even will forever cherish his toy.
She begged to get to hold her new baby brother. As she held him, Nell's parents paid no attention to her. For a second, Nell thought of dropping the baby on the floor.
The man asked the robber what would happened if he didn't comply. Without saying anything, the robber brandished a gun. The man thought he was bluffing so he ran away.
He decided to have a tag sale. Ron sold a lot of his stuff that he didn't need anymore. At the end of the day he had enough money for a down payment.
She made plans and scheduled some time off. She was scared at the thought of going under. She had the surgery and now feels so much better.
I began making a list of presents for everyone. The first on the list is my fiancee. I remembered that I already bought his present and was relieved.
She instantly freaked out and ran away trying to shake it off. Jane was mad at Ben and didn't talk to him. Eventually, Jane accepted his apology.
Together they jumped into the back of the roofless car. People stopped to stare as they drove by. She didn't realize the sun had melted half her hat to her head.
Her mom told her the secret to riding a bike is to be confidant. So she believed in herself when she got on the bike and peddled. Having confidence worked, she rode her bike without training wheels.
She found a ring that she really liked. Jill was not satisfied with the price she was offered. Jill managed to drop the price down and bought the ring.
She was prepared to win and answered her questions correctly. Kate was beat by another girl. She decided pageants were not for her.
The next day Mike went into work. His coworkers saw him and appeared shocked. They told Mike that they thought he was a stranger.
I suffered the beatings in silence. Finally I had my wife arrested for beating me. I learned that my wife is a Domestic Terrorist.
Through the Year's following she was teased a lot by boys. She began to think all boys were rude and mean. Not anymore, because now she teaches her son how not to be a rude boy.
When the door was opened the dogs still kept snoring. All of a sudden the dryer buzzer went off. The dogs still kept sleeping.
When the arena was finally full, he heard the crowd chanting his name. The time drew near and a hush settled over the crowd. Jack put on his robe and prepared to walk to the ring for the match.
She stalked Nik when they weren't together. She got mad about everything. So Nick decided to propose to her.
He bought the parrot and took it home. On the way home he talked to the bird. When he got home the parrot repeated what he had said.
She called an exterminator the next day. A guy came and opened up the wall. Behind the wall was a mouse nest.
Doctor Drew heard the album and paid Clarence one million dollars. Now Clarence owns a house and sometimes drives around his old block. When his friends flag him, he keeps driving because they are poor.
One day her friend came over for a surprise visit. Cora was embarrassed by how messy her room was. After that she always kept her room clean.
He purchased a puzzle from a new company on Amazon. When the puzzle arrived, it was the best quality he had ever seen. He is so excited to do his new puzzle.
She started the class on Monday. She learned how to say some basic phrases. She thought that class was very fun.
One day, her mother let her play the iPad after school. Penny was walking through the kitchen and dropped the iPad. The screen cracked and she was unable to play for a month.
They convert it into a solar powered home. When it is finished it costs less than $15,000. They are able to save a lot more money with no mortgage to pay.
Then Beth took lessons, which improved her skills even more. Eventually, she tried out for a play. Beth earned a spot and got to dance on stage like she dreamed!
We visited her. The hospital adjusted her medication. She is much better now, and is quite lucid.
All of a sudden, I noticed a small tornado forming behind us. It chased us for several minutes, then changed directions. It was the scariest vacation ride i've ever taken!
Then a friend invited me to brunch. I ate chicken and waffles. I blew my diet completely.
They'd called her to inspect the strange symbols on a pyramid. Jen started laughing when she realized why she hadn't recognized them. Some joker had defaced the ancient building with Klingon graffiti!
When she opened it she started using it. Kelly was amazed at how great it looked. Kelly then straightened it everyday.
He would keep an entire week's worth of salmon in his freezer. One day, there was a terrible blizzard and Sal ran out of salmon! For the first time in Year's, Sale was forced to eat a different food!
The baby was startled, and turned to look at the woman. He was satisfied with her, and gave a cockeyed smile. The selfie became a viral meme on reddit, and the woman made $10,000.
His friends both took big bites of the chili. Red-faced, with streaming eyes, they choked. They vowed never to eat anything Tom cooked again.
I replaced the bulb. The lamp worked like new! Finally, I could resume reading my book.
She jogged to the car after checking out with the cashier. When she got in the car she expected to be scolded. She was pleased to find he hadn't minded the wait at all.
We ate a nice dinner and went to see a movie. We walked on the beach after we left the movies. He held my hand the entire time and now I enjoy Valentine's Day.
She wrote detailed accounts of her travel with fun pictures. Soon Gertrude's travel blog became very famous. Gertrude was so happy that she began writing a blog.
He's awarded a worker's compensation claim. Willard no longer needs to come into work. He decides to sell his house and move.
I pressed on the gas, but it wouldn't go. To my surprise I had run out of gas. Thankfully, I was close enough to walk to the gas station and get more.
Hana smiled and talked, but she felt very uncomfortable. She didn't feel like the same person she used to be. At the end of the picnic, she politely thanked her family and left.
All her sweaters were covered with cat hair! Eva had to stop to the store for a lint roller on her way out. She ended up being twenty minutes late to join her friends.
It was going to air in thirty minutes. She placed snacks on her coffee table and waited patiently. When she saw the logo appear on screen, she almost jumped for joy.
He did not cut it for three months. When school started it was long and curly. Nick's friends all complimented his new, longer hair!
One day Amy told on Sara. Sara was expelled. Amy was never bullied again.
When he arrived he saw many sights and ate delicious food. He took many pictures of his big trip. Johnson was so happy that his dream trip had become a reality.
Her perfume smelled of flowers and was intoxicating. He pulled her closer and held her tightly. She was powerless to resist.
There, Quinn discovered how to observe the quantum world. His revolutionary theory about strings didn't come from drums. Quinn is sure his musical background didn't hurt, though.
When supper is ready, Joe sets the table. They both take a bite at the same time. Joe spits his out because he does not like it!
Shirley was angry and thought that was inappropriate. At the reception Shirley ordered a large glass of red wine. Unfortunately it spilled all over Annie's dress!
Then, she climbed up a winding cliff side. At the top of this tall peak, she climbed out to the edge. At the end of the hike, she was standing a huge peak.
Wayne rode his bike to school quickly. Wayne ran through the halls to his first class. Wayne arrived just as class was starting.
Lacy woke up one day and she couldn't find Buttons. She heard meowing from around the back of the house. Lacy found Buttons and four new kittens in the bushes.
She is so shy and nervous around handsome men, many are put off by her Kelly ends up meeting a nice man. Kelly is very happy with her husband.
None of the employees caught on that it was a joke. No one laughed at the punchline. The boss became embarrassed and his face turned red.
Holly called the township to see if they would fix or replace it. The township told her they are not responsible and won't fix it. Holly's mailbox is now mounted in two feet of snow.
His doctor suggested that he buy a new mattress. Brian took his advice and purchased a sleep number mattress. He hasn't had a backache since his new purchase.
he just had frosting. He could not finish. He decided to just eat the frosting instead.
Fortunately, her sister did see her break it. Her sister told on her as soon as their mom came home. Restricted to her room, Brianna irrationally blamed her sister.
Ken was stunned! But after careful thought, he decided to step up. He called Bella and told her he'd gladly be a father to the baby.
Since he blatantly refused, she forced herself to open the jar. However, her hand broke. She had to go to the hospital to receive a bandage.
He insisted I see a doctor and drove me to the hospital. They didn't find anything and sent me home. Ten minutes after my husband went to work I had a grand mal seizure.
Elisabeth's mom asked her what she would like to eat. Elisabeth knew right away what she wanted to eat! Elisabeth and her mom had breakfast for dinner.
Her mother gave her an angry stern look. Amy was upset her mother wouldn't hurry up. She lay in her bed and fell asleep waiting for the phone.
But she couldn't find them - she had lost them somewhere! Shana grasped under the magnetic rock on her stoop. There, she found her spare key and let herself in.
He soon was able to run faster than his friends. He participated in the half-marathon with his friends. He beat all of them to the finish line.
But on his way out, a clerk stopped him. John had to confess and return the sweater. Luckily, the clerk decided not to press charges.
I went online to look. They scheduled me to work on my unavailable days. It made me very angry.
One day, his teacher asked him the capital of California. Mickey lived in California. He didn't know the answer, however, because he only knew math.
Jasper goes to the home goods store. He buys a hammer. Now Jasper is ready to start his home improvement work.
Chance was angry and wanted to accept the challenge. But he forced himself to take a deep breath and relax. He decided to be the bigger man and decline the fight.
Suddenly, his hands slipped. The pumpkin fell and was smashed open. Oliver had to go back inside to buy a new pumpkin.
When nobody sat in the desk I rigged up I got impatient. I went to talk to my friend as a way to hide breaking the vial. Within ten minutes we had to evacuate the class.
She waited backstage nervously for her cue. Her cue came and she stepped onstage. She got into character and acted beautifully.
The only pair on sale left were purple though. But he couldn't pass up the great deal. When Sam wore the jeans the next day however, he felt silly.
We also drank a lot. One friend bought rounds but realized he didn't have any money. I had to cover the entire tab which was 500 dollars.
Their mother came in the room and heard the music. Their mother grabbed the tape and walked out of the room. The kids followed her to see what she would do with it.
After a few months, someone called to offer them jobs! The family was really excited to look for a house in the mountains. Soon, they moved there and every day felt like a vacation.
The exterminator told Tara she had mice in her attic. The exterminator humanely trapped the mice. Tara doesn't hear noises coming from her attic anymore.
I ended up waiting for several hours. My doctor came in and started to talk about my procedure. Since I was tired, it was hard to listen.
He decided to get a new iPhone SE. Jason walked to the Apple store. Jason bought his new phone.
It was so delicious, I was amazed. But then I realized it was because there was so much cream and sugar. It was so good, but I'm not sure I'll get it again.
It was really cold today and the bar was impossible to hold. He didn't realize because of the callouses on his hand. He slipped off instantly and fractured both arms.
Upon arrival, the Smiths saw that their cousins had four cows. Their cousins invited them to milk the cows, so they gave it a shot. Because of their efforts, the Smiths went home with a jar of milk.
Molly's mom made her one. Molly loved her new coat. Her coat was handmade from rags.
Recently, they had moved into an apartment together. One night, Elias came home with two pet kittens. Taylor had never been so happy and surprised!
As the warthog came around the bend, the lion pounced. Fur flew and screeches filled the air. From the top of the rock, the well fed lion surveyed his domain.
Scott denied that the drawing was his. Scott's mom called the school to complain about the accusation. As the principal apologized, Scott pictured his next crude cartoon.
A man he never met before was pounding on the door and wanted in. Bob sensed a problem outside and let him in. The man collapsed on the floor as soon as Bob let him in.
The next day, her mother took her to the store. They picked out a pair of shoes with extra-thick soles. With her new shoes on, Tawny was tall enough to ride.
Scott and Jill were at the computer. Then Jill's dog jumped on Scot. Jill laughed at how afraid Scot was.
I chased her and slapped her face really hard. I felt so bad afterwards. The next day, I apologized to her and we made up.
Sometimes he drinkings to much beer and gets drunk. When he gets drunk he is unable to drive his truck home. His wife Connie gets very upset with him when this happens.
Tess was so disappointed! Then she thought of a solution. She ordered a takeout pizza, which her family loved!
One day he pushed the wrong person. It was Tim who he pushed that day. Biff got a black eye because of his actions.
He read books about counting cards and winning poker. Ed amassed a fortune in no time. He was able to retire and not have to work another day in his life.
He really didn't want to miss the dance, so he thought of a new idea. He invited his mom to come to the dance as his date. The two of them had a great time and danced all night!
One day Ed told Peter that he would be moving to a new town. Peter was very sad that Ed would be leaving. The next day, Ed told Peter his plans changed and he would be staying!
Because of the fall, John broke his arm in three places! It took a long while for John to heal, but he was optimistic. Now fully healed, John is still doing what he loves.
He asked a great dancer for advice. He learned that practicing in front of a mirror is helpful. He did that and saw his dance skills improve.
At the zoo she saw a huge rhinoceros. It was much bigger than she had ever imagined it would be. Ronda was so happy she got to see a rhinoceros.
Fran bought tennis equipment and learned how to play. Fran played a match with one of his friends. And when he won, he imagined himself as one of the player's on TV.
But one night it was very busy! Noah had to handle twenty tables all alone. He made over $100 in tips that night!
No one had any good ideas at all for a long time. Finally his brother came up with one funny name. The store is now called Pancho's Villa.
One day, Boy started leading me on a trail. I followed him, until I heard people talking and a grill smoking. He had led me straight to a house party to get him hot dogs!
After warm ups I was getting a few autographs. A player gave me his gloves which were signed. It was a birthday present to remember.
Rob had been working in the industry longer than his brother. He decided he was jealous of his brother. He avoided his brother for the next few months.
One day it went out. She was not able to work. She called the company and got a discount.
Determined, Scott started offering to wash his neighbors cars for pay. Some of Scott's neighbors took him up on his offer. Now Scott has a regular clientele and a thriving business.
At first the tree was very tiny. Now the tree has grown taller than Daniel. With more in his yard, Daniel gets more attention from neighbors.
Then she thought of the perfect solution. She volunteered as a cook at a homeless shelter! Now Sam cooks, helps - and looks great on her college forms!
Jake gave him some of the sandwich he was eating. The dog followed Jake home. Jake had to go in and ignore him for hours before he left.
The bottom sole broke when he tried to walk a couple of steps. They were Styrofoam when Henry looked under the shoe. He became frustrated and searched for Hannah outside.
Finally, she called Al's house. Al's wife, Nudge, said Al had left five hours ago. Al sat drowning his sorrows at the People's Pub.
Luke approached the veteran and introduced himself. He asked questions about his life. Luke befriended the veteran and took a photo with him.
He worked on the farm for several days in return. When he asked my father for recompense he said no. The next morning the man was gone but so were two of our horses.
She decided to start a blog where she reviewed movies. She would see a movie and then hilariously rant about it in her blog. Before long she had over a million followers.
We all wondered who he was. When he got up to leave he mentioned there was a band playing tonight. After he left I found out he was the lead bassist of the band Journey.
He worked very hard to save up for his dream. Finally, after several long years, Tom had enough money. He bought the truck and started his business.
They all laughed too much to guess. Instead of playing, they gave verbal cues. Their charades playing was a fail.
He wasn't aware of it. A car drove over it and splashed Sam. Sam had to go back home and change.
Ann went on a crash diet to look like a model. She went to the agent, feeling hungry but fashion model thin. The agent took one look and said Ann was too short to model.
She played with the snow. She made a snowman so big that it fell on her. Linda had a broken arm as a result.
One day, he saw a good looking batch pop up. He started to work on it and realized that it was great. He worked on it until it ran out and made a lot of money.
My dog threw up the food. Luckily, his sickness ended after one day. However, I realized that I needed to be careful about feeding my dog.
We ate a bunch of chocolate covered bees. My son was 8 and told his school friends about it. They asked me to get them a batch.
The friend joined in the game and had a good time. One friend thought he scored a goal and celebrated. The locals were just letting him think he did something good.
They went to a movie and then they had dinner together. Amanda lost her shyness and began to open up to Brad. She was so glad she had decided to go on this date, after all!
At first Jasper has trouble finding clients. However, over time, he attracts many customers. Jasper is happy to earn extra money babysitting.
It was a perfectly sunny summer day. Best of all, no one had to wear shoes! We ended our day with a dip in the cool ocean.
James went to campus to visit the library and bank. While leaving the library, he saw Jenny holding a man's hand. James called her on her cell right away and she lied.
One day he was mowing the lawn and a wasp stung him in the shoulder. The pain was shocking to the extreme. David now understood why people feared bee stings.
His vision got really blurry. James fell down the stairs. James missed 10 months of work.
She liked all the schools but Creighton was her favorite. She applied to go to several schools. She was so excited when she got into Creighton.
The next morning, he felt ants in his hair. There were ants all over his table too. Steve never forgot to clean up after himself again.
Tina looked all around the pool and couldn't find it. She searched her deck but it wasn't there either. Finally she found it in the grass.
The girls then shared many gossip stories about their lives. The highlight of the day was when Jordan's boyfriend came to say hello. The girls had so much fun at the end.
She looked into having the wall dry-walled and painted. The estimates were quite high for what she thought was a small job. The last handyman suggested she paint the brick, so she did.
The other students groaned, but Anna smiled. She was great at math and she found the quiz very easy. She wasn't surprised when she got the highest grade in the class!
She cleaned everything from the walls to the floor. After scrubbing everything Joy emptied mix. Joy was proud of how clean her bathroom was.
Nathan researched the options and found one he thought would work. It would allow people to do their donations anonymously. He implemented it and a lot of people were able to make donations.
Kado sold the watch at the pawn market. The pawn clerk knew it was stolen. The clerk reported Kado and Kado was arrested.
One time, he lied about why he left work early. He hoped his boss wouldn't find out. His boss learned of the lie and marked ten points off his evaluation.
It was with a group of friends. During the rapids he almost fell over. Luckily his friends caught him and they finished.
The ice cream tasted delicious. However to her dismay, one of the scoops fell the ground. Olivia was disappointed and picked it up.
She strut into the party with her head held high. She declared she was there to be colorful and occupy space. A fellow party goer noted so we're landfills.
His doctor told him that if he didn't stop, he would die. Thomas wouldn't stop smoking. Thomas got COPD and died in a few years.
Suddenly she spotted a strawberry stand. She picked the best looking ones. Then, she bought them.
As they checked into their resort, they noticed small sharks swimming. When told that the sharks were harmless, they went into the waters. The Smiths had an amazing experience, swimming with sharks.
When the icon appeared in her Apps guide, she quickly ran to her mom. She begged her mom to download the app. Her mom did just that and Tahar passed the day playing the game.
Marcy inquired about the mistake. The pharmacist apologized profusely and fixed the error. Marcy was upset, and never went back to that pharmacy again.
She joins the group and spends a weekend afternoon planting trees. She feels great about doing something good for the environment. Julie is happy that she found a way to volunteer.
She didn't want anyone to know, so she threw up in her purse. Later, at home, she went to clean the purse. There, she realized that she had thrown up on her ipod, breaking it.
They all asked their parents to buy one. Everyone except Sara had the watch a week later. The girls all chipped in and bought Sarah a watch so she fit in.
Betty planted her bulbs and was excited to see what they'd look like. They bloomed into beautiful flowers, but smelled sickeningly sweet. Betty couldn't tolerate the smell and had to toss the flowers outside.
They took pictures posing next to the canyons. The dad dropped the camera and it shattered. He was able to buy another one to snap more pictures on their trip.
A man climbed to the top of his house to escape the water. He clung to his roof while the wind blowed. Once the storm was over he rested.
It was too big to be a phone. But when he opened it, there was a phone inside. His parents had used a big box so he couldn't guess what was inside.
Then she went outside to have a cigarette. When she returned, she saw that the eggs had burned badly! Ivory scraped them into the trash and made pancakes instead.
Amy hid in her room listening to her parents comedy records. Amy had never heard so much cursing. She got in trouble when her teacher caught her reciting the record.
He was wearing it on the Subway one day. A stranger ran up and snatched it away. He was crushed by the loss.
He taught her the rules of hockey, and football. Jordyn now understands how these sports work. Jordyn and her boyfriend now watch sports together.
Blood and gush started squirting everywhere as the worm exploded. I was mortified, disgusted and frightened completely! This experienced has made me hate worms to this day!
As he drove home he noticed a homeless man sleeping. As he cooked the fish he couldn't stop thinking about the man. He drove by the homeless man and fed him.
He visited his friends house one day. His friend introduced him to his pet dog chihuahua. Richard almost fainted.
Everyone showed up and we had a lot of fun. I had a great time and I can't wait for my next party. I am already planning my next birthday party.
Drivers slowed down to see what was going on. He would then shout that Pete's pizza was the best pizza. About one in five cars pulled into the parking lot after Pete's stunt.
Finally, she selected an affordable car. She filled out the paperwork and made a down payment. Afterwards, she drove home in her new car.
When the show was over, the girls went to meet the group. Fifth Harmony was incredibly nice to them. Lucy thought it was an event of a lifetime.
Instead she offered him a job. He took a job as a bank guard that day. Overnight he robbed the bank of one million dollars.
I asked why would anyone need a gun to empty the rubbish. The comment started a long string of often vitriolic comments. It was an amusing article.
The only problem was the facility was located in OK, next state above. I was living with my extremely worrisome and protective Mother. I believe 4 Years passed before I had the courage to tell her!
He found many useful youtube videos. Bill bought a few pieces of equipment to help him. Bill later successfully trekked through a jungle.
The mechanic fixed the car in his spare time. He fixed the car for free because Charles didn't have any money. The tags were out of date so cops towed the car from Charles' house.
She practiced every day. She strained her tendons and joints from too much exercise. Rita got in worse shape sitting around waiting for her joints heal.
He held the container and realized he was completely out of gel. Eric's sister saw him looking for more gel and offered her hairspray. The hairspray was girly but Eric used it anyway and left for the date.
Lila and her family sat around the fire and told ghost stories. Afterwards, they roasted marshmallows and ate s'mores. Lila would never forget how much fun she had around the campfire.
Her mom wouldn't be home for a couple days so she was alone. Just before she gave up, she remembered her emergency stash. She was very relieved and started cooking immediately.
She thinks that he may be thinking about divorcing her. With this knowledge she's not sure what she should do. She's worried that she needs to visit a lawyer to check the finances.
He accidentally spilled a drink on a customer's lap. Jerry was upset about this initially. But the customer laughed it off and ended up giving him a decent tip.
He wanted to stay inside and play videogames. But 5 minutes into the hike, he got to see a giant falcon! From that point on, the outdoors became something interesting.
The expert witness was 10k but we'll worth it. The expert was able to help win the case. Everyone was happy with the work the expert did
Suddenly, their teacher spotted them. She made Andrea read the note in front of everyone. Andrea was mortified.
He walked around the forest for hours. Finally, his mother came into the forest and brought bill back home. Bill was happy to be home with his mother!
He swam as fast as he could in the left lane. He kicked hard and pushed himself fast. The best his record by 2 seconds!
A pep rally began when several cheerleaders started cheering. Afterwards, several people from the step team started to dance. They were dancing for a total of 10 minutes.
Then he started gazing up at the stars. He identified a dozen constellations! Ray was proud of his stargazing aptitude.
They called and called, and even got a cat treat. Finally they heard meowing from the Christmas tree. She was almost at the very top snuggled in the branches.
He signed up for a gym membership. He ran everyday on the treadmill. Eric was able to lose 10 pounds with exercise and healthy eating.
So this spring we didn't even think of checking for eggs. But one day we found 5 eggs in the goose enclosure. He was a she after all!
As a result he did not find the lab partner he wanted. He was paired with the class slacker. So Oliver failed the lab for that day for being late.
She was very nervous and practiced a lot. The day of the performance, she got very sick. Isabel was disappointed that she was unable to play in class that day.
Last month he was able to try a new experimental surgery. It was the first time tried on a person. It didn't work and he's still in a wheelchair.
Chris and his wife are super excited. They wanted to have two kids anyway. Now they can have two babies quicker!
His father was evasive about the subject. But father and son went to the pound the next day. That night the puppy slept on the couch with the father.
One day the main singer got sick and her turn was up! She was nervous at first but did an excellent job. The crowd loved her a lot and so they started using her more often.
Samantha struggled with rope climbing. She practiced everyday until she could do it well. Samantha set a record for rope climbing during the race.
My dad and I did many things. What I remember most though was seeing the Alamo. It was a great experience for me.
They let me build on their land. After a few years, the casino was finished. It became very profitable!
Jim told his mother about it and she was furious. Jim's mother told Jim's father. Jim no longer has a driver's license.
He planned a big fishing trip. Unfortunately he died before they could go. His son still went in his honor.
As the game went on Matt started day dreaming. He was not interested and figured no one would hit to him. All of sudden the batter hit the ball right into Matt's mitt.
One day there was a solar eclipse. When I got home the lizard was dead. As a dumb kid I believed the eclipse was to blame.
She got close up to it. It was a roach. She then smashed it.
He landed on his arm, and it broke under him. Adam had to be taken to the hospital right away. There, the doctor set Adam's arm in a cast.
We arrived and searched through the field for the perfect tree. We finally decided and used the saw to cut it down. We paid the man and headed home to decorate for the holiday.
We had a lot of credit card debt. We made enough money to get of debt. We were sad to leave the only home we owned, though.
I've always been told that dogs and cats don't like each other. The media always promotes that fact as well. I guess you can never believe anything until you see it for yourself.
His mother explained that Mrs June wasn't mean, just lonely. Sam thought about it, and decided to be friendlier to Mrs June. It turned out she wasn't so scary after all!
Edgar's dad had an idea for making that wish come true. On Christmas morning he set little Edgar on the largest dog. The dog let Edgar ride him just like a real horse!
i dated a girl that was insane she thought the mob was after her. eventually she had to go cause it was just too much to deal with. she was an example of the problem with health care in america.
He tried to get one of them to bark. He threw some crackers at another. He asked if we could take one home.
But when she got home, they were waiting for her. They said they had already seen her report card. They grounded Nessa until her grades improved.
He put the tuna in the taco. It tasted delicious! Billy ate tuna fish tacos from then on.
The police questioned people all day, looking for the true criminal. Then one day the detective came to bring her some good news. The real thief had been caught and Kim was free to go!
She was feeling really weak, but she still didn't eat. She jumped up on a table to sit down, and ended up passing out. She never gave blood again.
Ginger really wanted the pink coat. Courtney would not let her have it. Ginger cried for the rest of the day.
His dad made them pancakes for breakfast. The pancakes were burned and tasted terrible. They decided to eat cereal instead.
One day, it was below freezing in Chicago. Jon was cold but refused to wear a fur coat. He was proud for sticking to his morals.
The owner decided not to adopt the kitten out. Laura went home feeling defeated. The owner called a day later to say she had changed her mind.
Once, a large ball got stuck in a tree. I took a small ball and used it to get the big ball down. I only throw the small balls at the trees, now.
Regretfully they declined. Kerry went alone and had a great time. Kerry sends passive aggressive texts to her friends afterward.
He inspected his car and noticed his tires had low pressure. Sam pumped his his tires at a gas station. Afterwards he noticed that his car was running perfectly normal.
But it was Friday and a holiday weekend. Amy suggested to Ray he call her over the weekend. She gave him her number and was confident she would hear from him.
When he was half-way up he saw a car roll through a stop sign. The minister yelled at the driver to be more careful. The driver didn't see him and thought god was yelling at him.
The company was in Brockton, 20 miles away. She cannot drive on the highway and asked for directions. I found her a street route on Google Maps.
Sam typed all the characters correctly, but got an error message. After minutes of it happening over and over, Sam was very frustrated. He smashed his laptop against the wall before going to bed.
Jake searched around the woods for firewood. He couldn't find his lighter to start a fire. He was able to get a fire going with a string and stick.
We were impressed at his skill, but were surprised at what happened. The real artist came in and called that guy a fraud. They got into a fight and were arrested.
Instead, he went to the movies that night. In the morning he went and took his test. Ed failed his test because he had not studied.
Then Wanda's husband became disabled. Wanda couldn't navigate his wheelchair on the bleachers. Then the town put a ramp in and gave them season tickets.
She picked out a colorful gown and shoes to match. Then she went on the internet and found the perfect teal mask to wear. Using my credit card to buy the mask, she was done with her outfit.
One morning, Luke got in an argument with his uncle and ran away. He become lost in the canyons of the surrounding desert. Ben, along with his friends, rescued Luke and brought him safely home.
The father hit a bad patch of ice and skidded off the road. They ended up in a snow drift. They had to call for a tow truck to get out.
She drove to the restaurant, and was shocked to see a line. She decided to wait in line. Amy's boss was disappointed she was 15 minutes late from lunch.
He then proceeded to look at other smart phones. His mom paid for a flip phone for him. He wasn't happy with it but at least it can call and text.
She waited for the bell to ring. As soon as it rang, she sprinted to the cafeteria. Finally, she was the first person in line.
He tried twelve times. He had an idea. He traced around a CD to get a perfect circle.
As I was sitting there, I noticed something moving on the floor. It was a scorpion! I screamed so loud I woke up everyone in the house.
Her husband rushes to her office to drive her to the hospital. While in the car, Daisy's water breaks. They reach the hospital and she gives birth to a baby girl.
I went inside and went through the crowd. I watched the show from the second row. When the concert was over, I went home.
He stayed up late but still didn't finish it all. He got up early to work on his English report. Later at lunchtime, he finished the rest of his work.
He bought jackets, pants, gloves, and beanies. And he was satisfied with his purchases. When it was winter, Sam's clothes gave him comfort and warmth.
Then she put the curlers and solution in my hair. After setting a while, she removed the curlers. She then rinsed and dried my hair.
He disembarked and looked around. The people and buildings were foreign and exotic. Neil couldn't wait to explore Syria!
Mr Washington slept with McKevin. Tracy, Doug, McKevin and Mr Washington went to the doctor. They used condoms and recieved clean bill of health.
He knew a guy who knew a guy who owned a part shop. Paul went to the garage in the middle on nowhere. He got there right as the police did, turns out it was a chop shop.
Ben decided that it was time for a bigger bag. He took out his phone and bought one on the internet. Ben selected next day delivery and waited.
Boris decided to run 3 miles every day. Boris decided to eat good food. Boris died at 120 years of age in perfect health.
He decided to buy a variety of everything available. The produce was the most delicious he had ever eaten. He made sure to make note of when it would come again.
It was a huge mess. He asked everyone who did it. Nobody admitted to it and he never found out.
The tide came in and surrounded the beach chair. Chuck continued to slumber for many hours. Awakening after the tide receded he wondered why his clothes were wet.
When we arrived at Disney Paige was so happy she started to cry. We spent the whole day riding rides and taking pictures. They fell asleep in the car before we made it home.
About a week later, she came back. But to my surprise, she was pregnant! Now, I have to find a place for the kittens.
I listened as he sneered that the line had been abandoned for Years. I started to walk away, but paused to look back at Hank. I informed him that of course I knew, no one comes here, at all.
There were 10 cars they could choose from. The boys both wanted the same car. Their mother threw the car away to stop the fighting.
I peered through the window blinds, seeing nothing but darkness. I heard the howling noise again, from just behind me. I had left the TV on the Fright Fest marathon.
After a few hours of noise, Drew called his neighbors. He told them to be quiet. Drew was finally able to write in peace.
He tossed a piece of his sandwich bread to the duck. A minnow came up to nip at the bread, but was eaten by the duck. Chucked sighed that his new fishing buddy was catching more than him.
By the time brunch was over Jane was drunk. She hadn't realized the alcohol snuck up on her so much. Jane decided to have a friend drive her.
His daughter called while he was eating. He started coughing heavily, causing his daughter to be concerned. He eventually stopped coughing, and she was relieved.
On the way to his desk, he tripped. The food went all over the floor. It made a huge mess.
It no longer worked. So she needed a new one. But her parents never bought one because of her carelessness.
One day at his job his manager told him to sweep. He purposely hid the broom so he wouldn't need to clean. Max was fired.
After she ate she went home to nap. When she woke up she was feeling terrible. Mimi realized she had contracted the e coli bacteria.
She reached back and a screamed as she threw a spider onto our laps. I got up to find something to squish the spider. I squashed the spider and we went back to the movie.
Judy tried to take the cat for a walk. But most cats don't like being on a leash. The cat got scared and wouldn't go with Judy.
Her dad stood up from the chair and dived into the water. He was able to pick up my friend. She was safe when she stood up.
She put the shirt into her purse when she thought no one was looking. She was seen shoplifting and security approached her. She was arrested and served time in jail.
She checked the library website to see if the game was available. She checked out the game from the library. Her son played the game a few times before growing bored with it.
I cut the stamps out and take them home. I soak the stamps in water to remove them from the envelope. I glue the stamps onto packages I mail out.
She arrived early and had to wait 10 minutes before she was called. Ashley asked what she wanted done and then began cutting and styling. The appointment took 1 hour and her hair looked great.
He arrived at the place early. Finally, he went in for an interview. Unfortunately, he saw quickly that it was a scam and had to leave.
Lindsey didn't have any money or a job to buy a dress. She began advertising her ability to babysit. Lindsey babysat enough kids to earn enough money for a nice dress.
Maria worked very hard to grow these vegetables. As her veggies grew, Maria decided to set up a food stand. Maria made thousands of dollars by the end of the growing season.
When she got there it looked amazing. To her delight she was able to go backstage. When she met the actors she was elated.
She started her own shelter. It was tons of work. She loved saving dogs.
Unfortunately she missed her flight. Rita was mad. She had to get another flight.
Jerry decided to pick the chocolate ice cream. Jerry thought that it tasted delicious and ate it as fast as he could. He regretted eating it so quick because he got a brain freeze.
Dina watched as Mom wrote a check for the milk. Mom then noticed that Dina's face had turned beet-red. Dina tells Mom that Betsy made her do it.
He beat the robbers down into bloody pulps. He showed them no mercy at all. He thought the resulting white skin with red blood was quite festive.
The man talked circles around the salesman's pitch. Flustered, the salesman left, not sure what had happened. Some days later, he received a set of encyclopedias in the mail.
Even though I knew it could take a while. Eventually, I knew I need to do something to make my mind off it. In no time the video game console arrived.
The leaves scattered everywhere. Tim got ready to reprimand them, but stopped. They were having so much fun, he changed his mind and joined them.
She found out that she has a mild fever. When her mom came home, Janice immediately ran towards her bed. She pretended to fall asleep.
I immediately went to the nearest store. When I got there there was only one left. I instantly snagged it.
It really stung and I got blood on the paper. Since there was blood on the paper, I threw it away. I had to write a newsletter.
One day, his friend Michael whispered something to another person. He tried to read the lips but it was too hard. That day he gave up on reading lips.
He calls girlfriend, and invites her to dinner Saturday night. On Saturday he takes his girlfriend out to dinner. Charles is happy about his date and feels relaxed.
Negra succeeded at waking him up. Negra waited patiently while he brew coffee. Negra finally got some cookies for breakfast.
She decided to join a tour group. The group went on all kinds of fun excursions, and Rana loved it. She had a great time and she never got lost!
There was a late snow that year. He knew it would be the last. So he made a snowball and stored it in the freezer.
He had to go to school. But he had no other shirt to wear. He had no choice but to wear his sister's dress.
Last spring, a great windstorm blew straight across the Lake. The windstorm blew a tree down on top of our house. The crash of the tree was so loud that it woke us all up!
Mickey had to choose between chocolate and vanilla. He decided on chocolate. Mickey was less than satisfied with his ice cream.
He left the CD on his desk overnight. The next morning he found the CD broken in pieces. His dog had ripped the CD to shreds while he was sleeping.
He then took out the vacuum and vacuumed the floor. He dusted his side tables and dresser. He then sat down and was happy the room was clean.
She went down to the bookstore to get a copy signed. When Kelly met him she got nervous. Thankfully he let her take a picture.
Then he thought of a great shopping companion. Flagg asked his mom to come shopping with him. She agreed, and the two had a great time shopping together!
Highlight of the parade was Santa Claus at the end of the parade. Everybody enjoyed watching the parade that afternoon. After the parade the Smith family went to have dinner together.
Since she was taking a long time to get dressed, we had to eat. The audience started to shout at us. One individual decided to get up and throw a tomato at us.
Billy went to a recording studio to record his songs. The songs were published onto an album. Billy now makes money selling his album.
Joe took the entrance exams to join. He was not able to pass and was not permitted to join. His father was happy his son was not joining The Army.
One day Terri snuck a cat in the house. While her husband was sleeping, the cat climbed on his lap. Terri's husband likes cats now.
Cassie went to the mall to have herself sized. Sure enough, the sizer told her she had been wearing her bras too big! Cassie switched bras, and her shirts began to fit her just fine.
She was so excited she could barely contain it. It took a long time, but finally the movie was released. Seeing her stories come to life was a dream come true for Alana.
Ryan really wanted to bowl a perfect game so he kept practicing. Ryan bowled nine perfect frames and a crowd drew in. When he made his last strike everyone cheered.
He hitchhiked his way to another state and lived in the woods. He stayed in the woods for the rest of his life. The solitude of the woods was better than the abuse.
He walked out of his room for a second. And he saw a bird at his window sill. Rick decided to leave his window closed afterwards.
She saw all the famous landmarks. She loved Athens and Minos. But she found Lesbos to be disappointing.
She did well on tests and handed in all her homework. When report cards were issued again, she was hopeful. Checking the card, Ora saw that she'd made straight As!
They were all very excited about it. Milly was in the first group to ride on the tractor. It was much louder and bouncier than she expected.
Justin would use it to hide in during snowball fights. The sun came out and the weather warmed up. The snow fort melted and is just a pile of snow now.
They purchased five day passes and were super excited. The family had so much fun. It was a trip of a lifetime.
The kids down the block had broken the windows on the porch. Gina's sister climbed through the window. She cut herself on the glass when she climbed back out.
I went off on my own to fly it. A really big gust of wind came and made my kite soar really high! It flew so high I couldn't see it anymore until I pulled it down.
Initially, Sarah worried. But she noticed that other people were just using their hands. Sarah felt relieved when she learned that that was acceptable.
He also practiced what to do in case of an earthquake while at home. While driving to work, a large earthquake started. And Tony had no supplies and no idea about what to do.
Joshua waited for one week without hearing back from anyone. In the second week he had four interviews scheduled. Joshua had to pick between the four which job he liked the most.
However the spa lady kept them on for too long. Carol got up and screamed. She got burned and had to get aloe.
She carefully weighed her options and selected a cake to buy. She asked the bakery clerk to write happy birthday for her. Rachel laughed when she realized the clerk misspelled birthday.
The barking dogs surrounded us and I yelled at them. I protected my dog the best I could, and I kicked the others away. I ended up with one dog bite, but at least my dog was okay.
She was afraid people would be mean to her because she was a stranger. But during recess the first day a girl asked her to play hopscotch. It turned out Jill didn't have anything to worry about.
Her house was fumigated. It took days for her to be able to move in again. The house still smells strange.
He invited me to breakfast this morning and I finally learned it. Bishop was standing there with his girlfriend and he introduced us. She turned to him, calling him Stewie, and from there on I knew.
A neighbor tells police she was getting into a car with a man crying. A few minutes later she returns and explains the man was her father. She was crying because she rarely sees him and was happy to see him.
Finally, she noticed a great round, clean one. She began carrying it back to her car. Suddenly, she dropped it and it cracked open.
Ken usually always won the games. One day he challenged a new neighbor to a game. Ken was surprised when he lost the game by five points.
His dog just wouldn't listen! Then a friend suggested he reward the dog with treats when it obeyed. With positive reinforcement, Evan's dog was soon doing lots of tricks!
They looked like some kind of animal print. She knelt down for a closer look. Samantha was nervous it could have been a bear and ran inside.
Dean went out hiking in the middle of a blizzard. He couldn't stay warm enough and was frostbitten. Dean had to get his pinky toes amputated.
Yesterday, a collection agency called her. We've all been offering to help. But so far, she's refused financial assistance.
He learned that filming himself and reviewing it was helpful. He compared his video to NBA athletes shooting form. He became a great basketball player.
I turned on the sink water and began to scrub the dishes. While putting dishes in the dishwasher, I dropped a plate. The plate broke into little pieces, and then I cleaned the mess.
Last Black Friday I came to work prepared for it. I made sure that all the shoppers were helped. When the long day was finished, I felt tired, but happy.
For 17 hours he followed the moon around the world. Once he ran out of fuel he landed in a strange land. The pilot sat and waited for the moon to return.
We had to feed him some medicine. Once the medicine worked, he looked like he felt much better. He still ate bacon whenever he could find it.
It was one of her baby's bottles. She inspected it and saw that it was completely filthy. She decided that she would have to throw it out.
Doing this was exciting to them. The food was delicious. The girls left the restaurant with full bellies.
She begged her parents to get her one. Her parents refused. Finally her parents agreed to buy her one.
The former record holder went in disguise to watch them work. The former record holder tried to ruin Ken's creation  by kicking it. Ken stopped him I'm time and tied him up to be safe.
I woke him up early and we went for a drive. He was very excited when we arrived. He made sure that we got on every ride in the carnival.
I used my wife's phone to ask they found it. The lady on the other end said they did. This was a great relief to me.
Then she made a huge cake. Her brother came home from work that night and was shocked. He was so pleased he nearly cried!
1 month went by and he couldn't stand it anymore, so he moved out. He didn't have a place to go, so he lived in his car. Weird how Zach is now happier than he was in a house with Jen.
Less than two months later the car broke down again. Ken decided to see if he could see what was wrong with the car. The dealership had replaced the bad parts with corroded used parts!
He played with the dog and showed it a dog bed. He gave it a bone for a treat. The dog fell asleep, and Peter went to bed.
Eli lectured them on the damage they were doing to the environment. The group all laughed at Eli and threw rocks at him. One of the rocks hit Eli in the face and broke his glasses.
He decided to watch a scary movie. The movie was too scary for him! Bob had nightmares for two weeks.
Then she decided to go to meetings. The meetings helped her to identify her triggers. Nina was able to quit cocaine thanks to the meetings.
A thunderous fart bellowed without warning from nearby. The mobsters made an audible sound of disgust and departed. Andy crept out of the bathroom and lived another day.
When Neil went to his computer, he noticed several pop ups and ads. Todd said he didn't use the computer. So Neil blamed his grandmother.
It's prom season and corsages will be in high demand. I instruct my employees to make a large stock of corsage arrangements. The sales are lower than expected so far and I think we overstocked.
After seeing so many he began to wonder if he could make his own. He and his friends got a camera to film his ideas. Months later Julian's short film was put into an anthology film.
He tried to keep warm in his coat, but it was too cold. He started looking for somewhere warm to sit. Finally, he found a warm cafe.
He played dodge with the Roomba, making its sensors go haywire. The roomba finally gave up its battery charge and went to recharge. Fluffy felt victorious yet again and went back to sleep.
Another boy saw that he was scared and came over to talk with Joey. When Joey heard the boy and saw he wasn't scared, he took the Xrays Joey was really proud of himself that he was able to overcome his fear
Joey noticed that the waiter looked very tired. He tipped the waiter a large sum of money. The waiter appreciated the extra money!
When I went up to her and said hello she didn't recognize me. I was very saddened by this but don't blame her. I told her I'd see her again and she should remember me next time.
One evening, he accidentally butt dialed Gina while he was with a girl. Gina listened the conversation, and discovered he was cheating. Gina realized he was a bad man, and immediately broke up with him.
Bill picked the prize he knew Jack had wanted! When Bill saw how sad Jack looked, he felt guilty. Bill felt much better after he decided to give Jack the prize.
Tom went shopping for new clothes. Tom spent hours at the mall. Tom left with a whole new wardrobe.
Suddenly, a family of bumble bees started swarming me and I ran. I soon became lost in the woods for hours, and was terrified. Later on, a church search party had found me and took me back.
He wasn't sure what to do. Then the kids father shows up. Adam carries on
Her favorite thing was the cable cars. On her last day, she even got to ride one! Anna had a thrilling experience on the cable car!
The producer agreed if he paid him $5,000. The man gave him the money and took to the stage. The man sang opera while dancing for his time.
The store owner told him that fur is murder, and said get out. Jack went to a different store. The other store found him a coat made of fur and he was happy.
Then she was adopted by a wealthy European couple. They showered her with gifts and love. Minh is sure she's now the happiest child in the world!
That day, a huge ice storm had come through. As he drove down the road, he swerved a lot. Max was really afraid, but luckily he made it through the pass safely.
Her neighbors across the hall complained. She put a towel under her door to block the smoke. So far there have been no complaints.
As much as she hated doing so, she started jogging every morning. After a week or so, she noticed she was looking and feeling better. Her progress encouraged her and the morning jog became a regular habit
He sold his house and just bought a new one in a better area. He rented a truck and packed it up. When he got the new keys he was overflowing with excitement.
Charles also thought records didn't sale anymore. Michael started a Rap group with someone else and they went on a tour. Charles was sick after hearing the group make thousands per show.
The fight was really beginning to escalate. Suddenly, the man pushed the woman. Max ran over and intervened.
All of the sudden, they noticed that one of the kids was missing. They searched for him, but couldn't find him. Hours later, they finally found him asleep in his own bed!
When the class ended he took another class. And when that new class ended, he take taking more dance classes. Eventually he got good enough to teach a class of his own.
He definitely wanted to fight, but George didn't. Finally, the kid pushed George and it was considered violence. Both kids were suspended.
Then he crashed and toppled over! Leo wanted to cry, but he decided to be a big boy. He got right back on his bike and pedaled off!
They picked up trash and helped some animals. It made them feel good to do something that mattered. They were all very proud of themselves.
I am not a good cook, so I spent a few hours learning how to make it. It was difficult, but my girlfriend was so appreciative. The look on her face made all of the stress work it.
Molly sat down and tried to work the puzzle out. She had to start over several times. Finally she got it and put it away.
His parents told him not to drive too far. Morgan drove very far every day. He had to pay a lot of money for every miles to his dealer in the end.
She announced to the class what the day had in store for them. Most of the students wept in disappointment. Only Misses Sky was excited on the topic of percentages.
She tried to ignore it but it got worse. Finally, she had to leave the movie. Her stomach kept hurting for the rest of the day.
She got all dressed up for the date. When the doorbell rang, she answered. It was Fred with a bouquet of flowers.
They hurried to the fire. They put out the fire with their hoses. They were very proud of a job well done.
Being a perfectionist, Mike loses weight, and returns to the park. The other kids still don't choose Mike for their teams. Mike plays amazing basketball by himself.
The oldest asked her for $20 more. Later the oldest told Esther the Ester was to get a gift for her. Esther was moved by her granddaughters kindness.
I took the commuter rail and met him at the station. He gave me a tour of his brewery. We had lunch before I took the train home.
He thought his parents would pick him up in a few minutes. But hours went by. Ian had to walk home in the dark.
Knowing how judgemental they are, he couldn't do it. Larry tirelessly tried to convince Derrick, and finally convinced him. The next day they told Derrick's family and they were happy.
Then she decided to do a good deed by adopting a shelter dog. Iva went to the shelter and picked out a new dog. She was so glad she had rescued a great dog for her pet!
When he returned, he had a long talk with his dad. The teen had to improve his attitude. Or his father would put him out of the house.
She had a heart attack. Sara went to the hospital. Her mom was fine.
One pooped on her. The girl became upset. The girl then went home.
After we stopped, she felt something crawling onto her leg. When she noticed that it was a snake, she freaked out. She immediately ran away.
She adored the puppy and the puppy adored her. She looked everywhere for the owner, but couldn't find anyone around. Tina took the puppy home and raised it to be a loyal companion.
My friend told me to put $100 in the machine. After putting the money in the machine, I pressed the handle. The three slots were not the same type so I ended up losing money.
It was a company tradition. She said yes. As soon as she got there she turned around and went home.
He called his work and feigned sick. Luckily, his boss accepted Jake's phony excuse. Jake was able to use his sick day to stay in bed and recover.
When he went to check out the cashier was weird towards him. Dan asked his sister what it was about. She explained what they were thinking and Dan blushed.
I solved my problem by having imaginary friends. I am an adult now. I still think about my old friends.
So the boy climbed high into the tree to get it. He had to reach out his hand to grab the topmost fruit. He grabbed the apple and climbed back down the tree.
She played hard, but the other girls were really good. After 3 hours of practice she had only scored 3 goals. She was embarrassed since that was the lowest number on the team.
One day, a rich man on a horse came to meet him. The man knew what treasures Gemini kept inside his cave home. Gemini drew a revolver and told the man to leave.
Her father passed her the phone as he drove on the highway. Gina began texting her friends to find out who was awake. It was 1 AM, and no one replied.
She demanded that I come to the hospital now. While anxious, I went with my mom to the office. Turns out, I'm a new leukemia patient.
He had them dance to a popular song. When he uploaded the video, he titled it The Jackson Five. He hoped that his viewers would appreciate the pun.
Where she would live a better life! She kept that dream everyday while walking to school. One day she never made it to school, Dora was killed in a drive by.
He hoped he would perform well in the play. He wished to impress his grandparents. He was gratified when They told him they'd loved his performance!
None of the balls were inflated enough for practice. He ran to a sports store 1 mile away and bought another pump. He managed to get the balls ready before practice started.
A tiny black dot was stuck to his skin. His wife examined it and, scared, said it was a tick! She removed it with tweezers and bandaged the small wound it left.
When the mailman came, he told him to address him as the King. The mailman said that if he did, they he couldn't get any letters. Cam decided that he did not need to be king anymore.
He had various lighters around the house so he looked for one. None of them would work, though. Finally he decided to buy new ones.
Grace is happy to notice that she has all the ingredients for soup. She cooks a delicious chicken noodle soup. Grace feels great that she didn't have to go shopping for food.
Several kids wanted to kill it, while several others didn't. The kids who wanted to save the bee had formed a circle around it. Their blockade saved it from the other kids it until it flew away.
But one evening, the guy fried chicken and made waffles. Mark thought that was an odd combination and said so. The guy offered mark a plate and they ate and became friends.
Ana decided to try to stop whining so much. She consciously paid attention to her whining urges. Soon she had stopped whining, and her family was very happy!
They decided they would love to work at a bar instead of their jobs. Bob decided to start a bar, and hired Jerry to be his bartender. The two of them were much happier in their new job.
After she brought it home it was a hit. Everyone had a slice. Then they started fighting over the last slice.
He bought every one of them on the first day of release. Dean found out that a new console was coming out in one day. He camped out in front of the store in order to get it on release day.
Kim was nervous at first. She practiced every day for months. Today, Kim can ride horses well.
I decided to go to the mall with my friends. We visited several outlet stores and ate food at the food court. I had a good time.
When they finished their papers, they both looked very similar. Cindy and Jane got in trouble for cheating. But they never cheated.
She took off the ribbon and bow. Opal removed the wrapping paper. She then took the gift out of the box.
He folded and creased, making sure he was careful. He took his time and remember the steps. Jester ended up with a paper swan, which he gave to his sister.
Suddenly, he stepped on a nail and it went through his boot. Upset, Bob couldn't work anymore. His son finished the shed the next week, as a surprise.
Adam chose many fish, including one that was large and showy. He dumped the fish in the tank and watched them swim around. Soon, the small fish covered the large one and began biting it.
As he crested the hill, he saw it was just a campfire. The campers were startled by Benji's sudden appearance. They quickly overcame their surprise and invited him to join them.
Pat teaches Jim karate. Before long Jim is able to beat up the bullies. After that they leave him alone.
He had been her best friend, her lover, and her dance partner. She held his hand tightly as he smiled up at her with his blue eyes. A single tear rolled down her cheek as he passed from this world.
Now that I hear she's alive and well I feel weird. I don't know if I should be happy or sad. Or if I should continue my mission until she really is a ghost.
His coffee maker suddenly created a spark and stopped working. Tim contacted the manufacturer of his coffee maker. He was able to get a replacement coffee maker through his warranty.
However, Jerry started to get exhausted and moved slower. He ended up passing out because of his tiredness. While Kane was announced the winner, the medics took care of Jimmy.
The dentists told her she had a bad tooth. The dentist pulled out the bad tooth. Vivian never had tooth pain again.
We did for a brief moment. As soon she was about to take the picture, my friend jumped in. I turned my head and the photo flash went off.
I have never been to a polo match before. I hope it will be fun. The polo match will be a very exciting experience.
However, I immediately fell asleep. My mom woke me up as soon as we arrived at our destination. We took our bags with us and met up with an aunt there.
He immediately opened it up. To his dismay, the ipad dropped right on the floor. Thankfully it was left unscathed.
Finally they learn that their baby will be a son. They name their son Paul junior. Year's later Paul is happy he has a son and three daughters.
The neighbors were very offended. They started revving up the media circus to ostracize him. Dan quickly painted over the symbols with a coat of yellow paint.
So for Christmas he bought lots of toys for needy children. Tim felt much better about himself. He decided he was going to do this every year.
Jeff didn't care after the first week. However, he started to have more anxiety as time flew. His mom eventually found him watching television early.
He had also been late for work. After work, he went to hang out with his best friend. Albert was glad because his friend made him laugh.
He sold the jet to a wealthy man. The next day, the jet crashed and everyone aboard died. Freddy was glad he sold the jet.
She sat on the porch and ate on a warm summer day. She sat her bowl down and played with a neighbor's cat. When Lucy returned her ice cream was soup.
The teacher asked everyone to take out their homework. When I took out mines, it was soaked. The teacher didn't accept it.
Brian decided to just do a system recovery he had read about. Unfortunately, he didn't realize that it would delete everything. He learned to do frequent backups after losing all pictures and music.
His parents got him many presents. He opened each one enthusiastically. He received many great presents and was very grateful.
She tried to find the candy while her mother drove. Amy couldn't find the bag with the candy in it. She realized the bag must have been in the trunk.
He worked for meals on wheels. It made him feel good about himself. He kept doing it for months before moving on.
Jim threw the ball to me and I can towards the goal. I managed to cross one opponent, but I got hit from another. He ended up punching me instead of tackling me.
She loved her designs and patterns. She offered to buy her whole inventory! Camryn went home with a check for thousands of dollars!
Cezar was very well trained and listened to Melvin. One day Cezar ran away and Melvin was very sad. Melvin found Cezar next door and was very happy.
Her boyfriend told her that he loved the dress. Stephanie and her boyfriend danced and ate all night. After the party, they decided that she will always keep the dress.
They had treats, and items for sale. Gina purchased a popcorn ball, and a plate of cookies. She ate her cookies and watched her sister get her face painted.
It was so hot in the desert. My behind was sore from the long trail ride. I have decided, horseback riding is not for me!
He opened up some editing software. Then, he played the song backwards. It sounded really lame, and Mark stopped.
The phone call was about a man enquiring about a large scale project. Henry accepted and began to work on the man's large wooden statue. The man showed up the next day and paid Henry handsomely.
Her mom gave her a great recipe. Kate bought all the ingredients and followed them exactly. The dinner she cooked was perfect!
She quickly learned the lines for the audition. At try-outs, Sarah heard a girl say the part meant the world to her. Everyone was surprised when Sarah fumbled the lines for the lead role.
She was having a lot of fun until she fell. She fell right on her leg. Thankfully she got back up but was in a lot of pain.
Suddenly, they heard a noise outside. Rachel peeked out and saw that it was a bear making the noise. Terrified, they stayed silent until the bear left.
They cast their nets over the edge. They brought the nets back in. They had caught over 100 pounds of shrimp.
The only job he could quickly find was to be a restaurant server. He hate it and was exhausted after each shift. He quit and decided being unemployed was better than that.
When she had enough money, she went to the bike store. She saw a poor little boy outside the store. Molly bought the bike and gave it to the little boy.
His cat kept begging for food. His cat wouldn't stop making noise. Rick had to feed his cat treats in order to silence her.
The bunny remained stoically twitching his whiskers. Roger felt a deep and awful crunch under his back as he rolled over. He jumped up only to break down, destroyed at what he had done.
Rita, and Mary weren't talking to Gina. Gina only had Tami as her ally. The fact that Tami was still talking to them made Gina uncomfortable.
He visited an animal shelter. He looked at every dog. He took home a great dog and made a new best friend.
She called out for help. A ranger heard her call and helped her to the hospital. Michelle gratefully thanked the ranger.
Without a key to the car or house, Sue panicked. She tried to climb through the bathroom window to get the keys. Her husband came home to find Sue wedged in the narrow window.
She worked two part-time jobs to afford her rent. Finally she was hired as a background vocalist for a major artist. Anita thought her dream was finally becoming a reality.
She calls the maid on her off day and accuses her of stealing it. The maid tells her she moved it to clean and forgot to replace it. The maid angrily quits over the phone.
She watered them everyday and took care of them. They started to grow and bloom into beautiful flowers. Her flowerbed was the prettiest one in the neighborhood.
He goes online to read slipper reviews. Jason likes a pair of slippers from an online store. Even though they are expensive, he buys the nice slippers.
An hour later, it was not better. She took a nap. She felt better when she woke up.
He dug a large hole. He realized it was too much work. He then decided to stay home with his parents.
She gave Yin a very special pair of chopsticks. They made learning much easier. Soon Yi was the best out of all her friends at using chopsticks.
She kept smoking after surgery against doctor's orders. Soon she was diagnosed with lung cancer. She dies a week later.
Once in Turkey, Gina's family applied for asylum in the United States. The application process took two years. Finally they were approved and now live in New York.
Years later Johnny became a black belt. Johnny became very confident. Johnny was fulfilled and happy with his hard earned confidence.
He began emulating their form exactly. He filmed himself to compare it to the professionals. He eventually saw his skills dramatically improve.
She wrapped it for Mother's Day. When her mother opened it, she got a strange look on her face. It wasn't a vase at all, it was an urn with ashes inside of it!
Larry went to the bank and slipped the teller a note. The teller handed Larry all the money she could get. Larry ran off and lived in a luxurious beach house until he died.
But as soon as he bought the ice cream, he regretted it. It began to melt all over him! Soon Alan was very sticky and very unhappy!
A huge tsunami wave appeared on the distance and they ran for safety. They ran through the streets trying to reach high ground. Just as the wave crashed they reached safety.
Bobby asked himself what was different between him and Jim. He realized that Jim played the guitar. Bobby taught himself to play the guitar in order to impress girls.
My mom went to the show in my place. My friend noticed her right away and called her on stage. He gave her a lap dance in front of the entire audience!
School was cancelled. He gathered all of his stuffed animals in the living room. They were a very attentive audience!
It also had a phone number. He called the person who was very excited to get his wallet back. He even gave You a $50 reward.
He saw that there was a coupon on the shirt. The shirt has a free subscription to the magazine. He was excited and bought the shirt.
They spent many hours debating between two lush trees. The Jones picked the shorter, squatter tree in the end. They strapped it to the car and started thinking how to decorate it.
Today there were chicken nuggets in the cafeteria. Amy had never heard of a chicken nugget. Amy ended up getting nuggets because all her friend did.
On the other end of the block was a bar full of people. The people at the bar all looked happy, while the church stood empty. It was odd to see those buildings on the same block.
She excused herself and tried to find the closest one. When she finally found it she rushed in a screamed. She had accidentally gone into the men's restroom!
He took it inside and realized that her power button was broken. He replaced the button and charged her $100 for the simple repair. The woman happily paid when her computer turned on again.
So, I decided to take a boat. Alas, the boat capsized in the middle of the pacific Ocean. Luckily, I was saved by the Navy!
She didn't pay some things at all. She decided to get her act together. She finally is in a good place financially.
He walked away and was accosted by a showdy individual. The shadowy individual offered his extra ticket at a special rate. This excited the man and he promptly paid.
Garry let three girls from the neighborhood in his apartment. They slept on his sofa and insisted he sleep in his bedroom. The next morning, the girls and Garry's TV was gone.
He looked through the mall but couldn't find anything. Then he asked his mother to take him to the pet store. She hadn't realized that Ed was a dog that Ben knew.
Hans then discovered that he forgot to get buns. Hans' son suggested that they use bread slices instead. Hans congratulated his son on a great idea.
Lucy's eyes grew when she saw the bakery. The racks were lined with delicate treats she had never seen. Lucy wanted to try everything, but settled on a cannoli.
She put a frozen turkey directly into the deep fryer. The deep fryer created a huge fire. The fire completely decimated her backyard porch.
He was excited about the upcoming date. He planned everything for the perfect night. When he picked her up she was smiling and happy.
She had some shipped from Australia. When they arrived, lizards darted out from the box. She opened the box to discover they had eaten all her Tim Tams.
She answered the questions she remembered and guessed the rest. The wait to find out the result of the test was excruciating. Kay was overjoyed to find out she passed with a 90%.
One year, the plow man got greedy and plowed for now reason. He continued to act this way despite being confronted by the family. The plow man got fired and a new plow man took his place.
John stayed up all night with Buddy to make sure he is ok. The next day, John took Buddy to the vet to get a checkup. The vet said Buddy will be back to normal in a few days.
Sarah knew that she should be happy and that something was wrong. She contacted her obstetrician who recommended a psychiatrist. She was diagnosed with postpartum depression and began medication.
The guy behind the register didn't give him enough change back. Sam noticed but didn't make a big deal about it. He figured it was just a few cents and an honest mistake.
He was nervous but he went for it. He jumped into the air and got onto the rail. His grind was flawless and he rode away satisfied.
Bill found out that it was a specific model number and began to save. After five years, he had finally saved enough money to buy the watch. He went and found another watch he liked even better to buy himself.
She decided to keep the dog. One day, she heard squealing. The dog had given birth to puppies!
Gayle went outside with her work clothes on. Her husband grumbled, following shortly. Gayle was glad she knew how to manipulate her husband into chores.
The first time he took a shower he came out dyed completely green. He liked the look and decided to go with it. Now his quest for a total green life was complete.
He touched the stains. They were tacky like blood! Dave decided to leave the axe alone!
I decided to go against their wishes and bench some weight. Usually I have no problem benching weight, but my arm just gave out. The weights fell down on my chest and I had to go to the hospital.
Just as he prepared to climb his board, he saw a giant shark. Jerry quickly climbed his board and tried to escape the shark. Then last minute, Jerry realized the shark was just a dolphin.
Charles put their dog in the tub and rinsed him with warm water. The dog didn't shake. Charles lathered the dog and then he shook soap everywhere.
She was told it'd make her muscles too big. Amy's career was over at 20 years of age from an injury. She regrets abusing her body and stunting her growth now.
Pete decided that he liked other men more than he did his wife. He left her to find his soulmate. Now he sees his daughter twice a year.
I heard something outside my window. It was a man looking at me! I called the police and they arrested him.
The end result looked great. When he showed his friends, they loved it. Jeremy couldn't wait to show his girlfriend.
First thing in the morning, Mike met up with a real estate agent. The apartment Mike was shown was very nice and cheap. Miek happily and quickly grabbed the deal and moved into his new home.
She didn't realize how fun it would be. She started betting on horses and winning. Ramona couldn't wait to go back.
Soon he had several hundred dollars. He and his wife booked tickets for Florida. They had a great time on their vacation!
It was one of her favorite desserts. She bought everything and followed her gran's recipe. It turned out perfect!
Harry tied some rope to the log. He dragged the log out of the forest and to his car. Harry loaded the log in his car and drove off.
He made her remove her shoes and jewelry. Then he let Anna in to see her husband. Anna was so glad to see him, she cried.
She opened the front door and saw a boy in her yard. She scolded him for breaking the window. He had a guilty look on his face, but he lied and said it wasn't him.
He told his parents that was what he wanted. His parents went and bought them for his birthday. Dominick was so happy to get his boots.
She quietly told a joke. The class started laughing. The teacher kicked Courtney out of class.
Since everyone was blocking the area, he shot a three. The ball bounced off of the net but it went back in. The judges announced the winners, which were us.
It works at first. But when she finds out that he's not a feminist she dumps him. Alex is kind of glad because he hated pretending to be a feminist
Upon completion, his model was by far the greatest in the class! One day, Sid's brother came into the garage with a candle. He tripped over a wire and Sid's whole project went up in flames!
Finally I strapped her into her car seat and drove around a bit. It helped quiet her down but only while driving. I wound up driving for hours.
He got to school on Wednesday and began reviewing his week. His classmates were turning in their projects. Zach had written the due date on the wrong day.
When they got to the park, mom went to get the lunch. They had left the lunch at home. They went out to eat instead.
People began visiting it, because it was so cool looking. Some of the local jocks didn't like all the attention it was getting. They smashed it with sledgehammers when no one was around.
All of a sudden Randall wants more privacy. He buys heavy curtains so his neighbors can't see him at home. Randall feels sorry the curtains block his city view.
Belatedly, Jason realized it was in the same pan he kept his hashish. He tried to get the brownies back, but he was too late. It turned out to be the most social church event ever.
Everyone acted threatened by Mike, and his grades suffered. As it turns out, he school lost its accreditation. Now Mike is glad he dropped out, and went to State.
Her boss agreed and gave her two weeks off in the middle of July. Marie thought about her options and decided to go to the beach. She booked a hotel room with an ocean view and had a blast.
She decided to take a class on public speaking. The class involved presenting speeches to classmates in small groups. Tanya became more confident that she could speak in public.
He went to his garden hose and sprayed himself to remove more sand. The water was too cold for Joe to handle so he stopped. When he was finally dry, Joe went inside.
He told me that it was comfortable and as families, we should share. Since the sweater was already worn out, I told him to keep it. He immediately thanked me and gave me a hug.
Last summer he trained very hard to become better at it. At the last soccer game he scored 3 goals. Because of his good performance they won the game.
His Grandfather helped him find a jar to keep the lightning bugs in. Gus spent an hour catching the bugs and putting them in a jar. It was a night they would never forget.
We took all the kids out back with the bubbles. They quickly caught on to how the new wands worked. Everyone had fun.
He told me about an action thriller he read recently. I took his suggestion to heart and got the book. I'm still reading it but it's really good so far.
The drive to the doctor's office takes 15 minutes. I listened to the radio while driving to the doctor's office. I arrived at the office for my doctor's appointment 5 minutes early.
When she gets home, her dog eats the flowers! Clara's mom tells Clara that she doesn't need a present anyways. The two spent Mother's Day having a picnic in the park instead.
Mike tied a seat to the free end of the rope. He then began to swing on the tree all afternoon. When he was done, Mike untied his swing from the tree.
She rushed to the back area where stalls were lined up. She hurried into a stall, but then she gasped in shock. She had entered a fitting room, not a restroom!
I started by taking a shower and cleaning myself up. After bathing, I put my clothes on and headed out the door. Before I knew it, I was at the bar celebrating with my friend Jeff.
Patty signed up to take a class. The class was very helpful. Patty can have a conversation in English now.
She ended up doing terribly. Becky was horrified. She was disappointed.
However, she took a huge pay cut. Ashlea took a second job. Ashlea is now making twice her pay but rushing all the time.
She needed to find a source of more income. She remembered her aunt's old and ugly -but gold- jewelry. She took the gold to a gold dealer and got a large check.
He realized that he couldn't buy a card. He decided to draw one instead. His mother ended up loving it.
Shaylee decided to go out dancing and twisted her ankle. The doctors told her she would not be able to play softball this year. Shaylee sat on the bench for every game and cheered on her teammates.
He made over $400 including bonuses. Conan posted his earnings on mturk grind. The other users thought he was bragging and paid him no mind.
As a result she asked her neighbor's if they needed help with removal. They took her up on the offer and paid her to help. Kelly was happy to make the extra money.
She highlighted all the errors and returned the manuscript. Three days later she got a note from the author. The note thanked Anna for being such a great editor.
Sarah had a girlfriend. She brought her girlfriend to a family dinner. At the dinner, Sarah announced to her family she was gay.
She is quickly becoming stressed and asks her boss for a week off. Her boss understood and sent her to Cancun for five days. The best part is that the company paid for Ashley's whole trip.
The cake looked like it was frosted in toothpaste. She brought it to the party and people teased her. Luckily, they tried it and it tasted perfectly delicious.
He learned a tornado was predicted in his area. Basil prepared the house and yard for a tornado. Basil heard the storm approaching as he entered the storm cellar.
The weatherman was calling for snow when he went to bed. The next morning he woke up to snow on the ground. He had gotten his sled, too.
He also wanted to experience a rainy day in Japan. He eventually saved up so much money so he could go. Unfortunately in the end, it never rained.
The wind started to blow. The wind picked up their tent shelter and blew it down the beach. The tent legs were broken and the Jones had no more shade.
After posting flyers around the neighborhood, he didn't hear back. One morning, the bike was back in his garage. Tom suspects it was stolen.
Everyone was seated when suddenly a loud noise happened. A knock on the door was heard and everyone was frightened. Santa finally arrived!
Rex watches a nice documentary on turtles. After the documentary he goes on a walk. Rex feels much less bored now.
In college he noticed he loved studying medicine more than hockey. Dan decided he wanted to become a doctor. After graduation Dan went on to medical school instead of the NHL.
Tara caught up with them all night. At the end of the night, Tara had a realization. She never really cared for the people she went to highschool with.
Sonya was in great shape and was going to enter a race. The day of the race came and she was ready. She ran amazingly and finished first.
When he went to enlist, the physical found a small defect in his eyes. The Navy told Abe it wasn't enough to stop him from joining. Abe enlisted and became a productive member of the armed services.
I gave her a huge tip, thanking her profusely. In return, she gave me her name and number. We went on to fall in love and be married!
I sprayed it out with Raid but didn't like that solution. Instead I got some mothballs and put them in the corners. Now the fort is free from bugs and spiders.
Sally asked John to start a fire. John began starting a fire. John successfully started a fire.
When no one had Any accused a girl of taking her watch. Her friends all told her that was unlikely but she was still upset. The accused girl ran from the class crying.
She visited many libraries and historical places. Brenda spent many long hours on her family tree. She finally traced her family back to biblical times.
The rainy came down even harder. It was almost impossible to see. I rear ended the car in front of me.
Lester decides to stop at a food truck to get dinner. He eats two delicious pork tacos. Lester feels grateful to have good food trucks in his neighborhood.
Her sisters came in the room as she pulled them from the oven. She only had enough to make 12. She hadn't considered she would have to share with her family.
Lot's of people called David to offer him their condolences. David brought food to his father from home. David would come back home from the hospital at night.
She had just gotten out of the psych ward in September. She was feeling anxious and had to see a doctor. Luckily she got better and did not have to be committed.
She went into the kitchen to make a sandwich. She couldn't find any lunch meat. She decided it was time to go to bed.
They got all set up. Minutes later it started to rain so they had to go inside. They had to drink all the lemonade themselves.
The library closed for a month for renovations. Nora went back to the library when it reopened. The library has many more books for Nora to read now.
She is having a hard time remembering simple things. She reveals that she has been diagnosed with early onset alzheimer's. The family convinces her to sell her home and live with them.
I was skeptical but I agreed. We went to a diner and bought two hamburgers. They were delicious and I ordered another one!
Therefore she decided to make one herself. She got everything together. She ended up making a rabbit costume.
Bob looked inside his pocket for the grocery list at the store. He couldn't find it. He had to call his wife and ask what to get from the grocery store.
This always helps her to fall asleep. Laura fell asleep before her mother got to finish the story. Laura slept all night.
Ken parked his car and walked up to the top of the mountain. He took off his backpack and drank water at the peak. Ken was happy he made it to the top and then went home.
Jimmy was excited. They attended the concert together. Jimmy had one of the best times of his life.
For days we avoided the couch because of the cold. Finally, we decided to check the window. We found out it was opened at the top and closed it.
I parked and walked onto the porch. I opened the front door. A raccoon ran out of the door, and gave me quite a scare.
He decided to sneak into the kitchen to make a bag for himself. He accidentally burned the popcorn! A remorseful Mike realized that everyone could smell what he had done.
Finally, Jason got a large fish on his line. After a long battle, Jason pulled the fish into the boat! Jason's family enjoyed eating his catch!
So finally Bill calls the local Postmaster Bill's mailman gets fired. Bill has no issues after that.
Five Years later Ari's family gave him a surprise. They told him his pen pal was coming to visit in person. Ari was thrilled to meet his long-distance friend!
He didn't like what he saw. It turned out the mirror was dirty. He cleaned it and he looked great.
Unfortunately she's sick and can't go. So I get to go instead. I'm happy because of her suffering.
One of the kids said that it was honeysuckle and tasted it. Camilla thought it was a trick but she tried a taste. To her surprise, it was sweet like honey.
No one found her, and she tried to get out of her spot. She realized that the drawer was stuck shut. She yelled until someone came to help her out.
After a few sessions his teacher became frustrated. Matt like playing music by ear instead of reading the notes. His mom said no more lessons knowing Matt could teach himself!
I drove to the nearest Little Caesars. I got out of my car and walked into the store. I bought one large pepperoni pizza.
Bob tried to help, but realized Ricky was too far behind. He signed Ricky up with a tutor and arranged for summer school. After a little extra effort, Ricky was back on track and doing well.
That night I ate way too much pie! Eating so much pie gave me such a belly ache! Next time I will make sure not to eat so much pie!
She was poor and could not afford dental care. She can now afford dentures. I think she will feel better when she gets her dentures.
One day, another boy tried to get him to be upset. The boy picked on Connor and made fun of him, but it didn't work. Connor stayed happy because he always had a great attitude.
She was very happy to see a friend in the class with her. They danced and twirled around for an hour. She cannot wait to return next week.
I finally went to the doctor to get a diagnosis. After tests were run, I found out I was pregnant! I was very excited and nervous to have the baby.
I left a bag in the backseat of my car and went into the school. When I came out the back window was broken and my bag was gone. Whoever took the bag left it on the ground across the street.
Jim picked out a toy that cost 21 dollars and fifty cents. When he got to the register, they wanted 22 dollars and ten cents! Jim had forgotten about tax, luckily a nice man gave him a dime.
One afternoon, he got a little too close to a tiger with cubs. The tiger became threatened and lunged at Rendel! He retreated and ran to his jeep, driving away scarily.
Even though she studied, she still felt nervous. Luckily when she got it back she got a B grade. She sighed in relief.
Mallie finally went to the apple store and found a laptop she loved. She immediately purchased it and was very happy. She felt she could not go wrong with an apple.
When Mark came back, the pot was burning. The plastic handles on Mark's pot had caught fire! He singed his hands and had to get a new pot.
They decided to hide her phone. She was so angry. Karen grounded her kids.
She marked him with chalk and named him Elmer. Elmer won his race! Wendy was so excited to write of his victory to her mother and father.
One day the check engine light flashed. She pulled over to check the oil. Jen's car had no oil.
In the back yard, there was a pile of wood. She grabbed a few logs. Then, she brought them inside.
A Hula hoop contest had Mary very excited. Without telling Mary, Lisa took lessons. Mary was shocked when Lisa entered the contest and beat her!
Thalia and Janice spend the whole afternoon on the trampoline. Thalia has so much fun that she asks her father if they can get one. Thalia would love to have a trampoline just like Janice has.
Although he was able to float, the current pushed him. Dan tried running after him before he drowned. He managed to pull the baby out within minutes.
One day she was being bullied. She decided to yell back at the bullies. They never picked on her again.
The seats were better than she imagined. A puck made its way over the glass and into Chloe's lap. Chloe's team won and she took home an extra souvenir!
One day she tried to heat up her food and it wouldn't come on. She tried everything but the microwave no longer worked. Amy knew her roommate had broken it out of spite.
She realized that it wasn't anywhere in the car. She had to drive all the way back home. Then, she was able to get her wallet and get back to the store.
A week later she received phone call for an interview. They set it up for 2 days later. She was certain the interview would go well.
He was not strong enough to hold it down. The umbrella flew away. Kurt felt the cold rain come upon him without the umbrella.
George seemed to be buying it. George knew the entire time that it was Tom Tom was disappointed and decided to work on his fake accent better.
Then he went with them from stop to stop. He learned so much about Turkish history. Neil really loved his tour through Istanbul!
Her mother did not believe it. Jessie rarely said nice things to her mom. Jessie decided to be be nicer in the future.
One day, the ball went over my neighbor's fence. I thought he'd be mad! Instead, he came over and played with me!
I was feeling adventurous so I put pepperoni in my eggs. It tasted nasty. I realized I should stick to making eggs in a normal fashion.
In an intense match he accidentally cursed out his opponent. His opponent reported him. Bob was banned from playing for a week.
Everyone came to help wash cars. Their customers were very generous because they did such good work. Tori's school club raised all the money they needed, and then some.
the mechanic said Luc needed an engine. Luc paid for the repair. Afterwards, his car ran fine again!
Casey decided to make a trip to the store. He bought a case of water. Casey now has water to last him a week.
She waited in line for hours. Finally she met the actress. Kelley was star struck.
But Rita had shared with Mary Gina's displeasure. Now Mary was upset with Gina. But Gina couldn't have cared less.
Eventually, I applied for a janitor position. I got an interview! Alas, they didn't give me an offer because I was overqualified.
She came in the class and said hello to all of the students. Everything went smoothly. She was very happy.
Sam slammed into the back of him. There wasn't much damage but Sam's insurance went up. He learned to not tailgate as much.
She went to the store. She bought a new scarf and hat. She felt warmer with her new clothing.
He built the frame very quickly, but was stuck. He looked online for the rest. To his son's surprise, he built the bed before he woke up the next day.
The vet thought he had been out in the desert for 2 weeks. He had cactus thorns in his face and in his paws. My husband took him home and he is now our best friend!
She fed them special to help them grow. The fry grew, crowding the fish tank. Elizabeth had to give many of the fish away to new homes.
He didn't have a spare in the trunk! Fortunately he had a AAA membership. They were there within 30 minutes with a new tire.
Then she had another idea. She cut the top off an old baseball cap. She ended up with a cool new visor, for free!
He worked for months and kept hundreds of dollars in the box. One day, someone broke into Sam's house. Sam was devastated when he came home to an empty box.
Once they arrived, Lisa told him she loved boys who dance. Dave danced the most funky dance he could. Lisa gave him a kiss, and Dave decided dancing wasn't that bad.
When they're all clean, she hangs them outside to dry. When they're dry, Aurelia beings them in and folds them. She is happy to have clean shirts again.
But somehow, the police got wind of it. They showed up at John's door to investigate. When they found the plants, they placed John under arrest.
After some Internet research, Ken realized there weren't any nearby. He decided to try an Italian place he had never been to. He was happy to find it was even better than his former favorite.
Something told me to check the Plug. Someone had pulled it out by accident. We plugged it back in and it's working fine now.
I decided to hold. The friend turned over his cards. He had 17 points and I lost.
Carlos's mom said don't worry baby you are safe and sound here inside. Carlos Cuddled up next to his mom and she told him stories. Carlos felt much safer next to his mom and they awaited it to pass.
He decided to be short the market because he sensed trouble. To his delight he was correct and the market crashed, Ricky couldn't have been happier as he made a lot of money.
Her fingers trembled as she began to play her piece. Stephanie began to forget the song in the middle of her performance. She skipped that portion and successfully finished the song.
She sat her desk replaying the moment in her head. She couldn't focus on a thing the teacher was saying. She felt as if she were in the clouds.
While Zack waited at a bus stop one day, he saw a bike with no lock. So he grabbed it and took in on the bus with him. When Zack's son got the bike for his birthday, he was ecstatic.
When the whistle blew, we all took off. I was not the fastest, but I was pretty quick. I finished third in the race.
They all looked at the cups of green drink in horror. Her daughter tasted it, and spit it out. One by one they all poured it down the drain.
When she arrived to her class, the teacher introduced her to everyone. They all greeted her kindly. Penny was relieved.
Sue was always teaching her dog neat tricks. She decided to enter her dog into a dog pageant. Sue's dog took the first place prize home.
But she kept buying things that she didn't need. She asked her parents for money to pay the bills. But she ended spending it all on new shoes.
He wasn't very good at either. The only magic in his life was making women disappear. Girls really didn't like Mark's magic.
There were many different kinds of whales to watch. At the end of every day, Tom would go to bed a happy man. Tom loved his job.
Her husband Dave surprised her with a bunch of parenting books. Donna read them all cover to cover. She is now more prepared than ever to be a mom.
Will opened a beer and laid down on his couch. A cop pulled up and told him he couldn't drink in public. Will went to jail and cried at his misfortune.
Shortly after meeting her she was sent overseas by the military. Marvin was very lonely for the entire time that she was away. Upon her return Marvin was elated and asked Sarah to marry him.
Kim asked her mother if she could go with her friend Beth. Her mother hesitated, then agreed. Kim called Beth excitedly to giver her the news.
He spent three months on his project. He is convinced he will place but is still nervous. Jim won first place and will advance to regionals.
Her sister received a lighter brown teddy bear. The girls named the bears Yogi and Boo Boo. The girls loved the teddies as much as they loved The Yogi Bear show.
I followed the smell up to the attic. I found out that the smell was a dead animal. I disposed of the animal and my house no longer smelled foul.
One day, Eddie met a quiet kid he tried to bully. As soon as he walked up to the kid, Eddie was met with fist. After being beaten for the first time, Eddie learned not to bully.
He chugged a cup of coffee. The baker still fell asleep while on his job. He was so tired that he had to take the rest of the day off.
He buys lumber, hammer and nails. He works for a week on the crib. James has built a beautiful crib for his baby.
She asked her mom to take her to the store. Unfortunately, the game that she wanted was a bit too expensive. Then, her mom offered to pay the extra amount.
Josh accepted the offer. It was finally aired on the news that marijuana was good for everyone Josh patted himself on the back for making a good decision.
One day Gil was cleaning out his kitchen. His hand accidentally bumped the mug and it fell to the ground. The mug smashed into hundreds of pieces.
After years passed, Jermaine got successful. The girl wanted him now. He rejected her.
I was getting tired of supervising him while he was outside. I decided to buy him a muzzle. Now, he could play outside without eating grass.
But the week before, she received three party invitations! Linda had to juggle all three parties in one weekend. She spent her holiday very busy, and very happy, after all!
Upon inspection, I realized it was a dead body. I called the police. They awarded my dog with a medal of gratitude!
He had 3 more to pass. He was almost there. Sam was near the finish line.
As time went by she regretted her decision. One year I bought her a bigger ring. She was happy.
To his surprise the officer gave him good news. They told him that he needed to go down to the station. At the station was his long lost sister he hadn't seen in 10 years.
While working, he also put in hours at night for his new venture. His family was worried that he was working to much and was too tired. But after a couple years, they moved to their home country in Brazil.
Thinking of fantasies and nonsense. Eventually she was medicated. Now she does better in class and doesn't fantasize.
Val had to steer into a parked car to slow her down. The two cars crashed together in a loud bang. This was enough to bring Val's car to a stop.
As he tried to contact his friends, none of them responded to them. They also said no word when they met in person. Therefore, Ian tried to apologize for his actions.
And put on his winter boots. He even put on a pair of snow leggings to protect his legs. He ran out the door but didn't actually have one thing, a sled.
John was nervous because he didn't know anyone. He went to the outing and met a number of nice people. John had a great time at the outing.
Finally, he asked his best friend Erica to go to the dance. She was looking for a date too so she said yes! At the end, they both had a wonderful time at the dance.
The cat accidentally popped the balloon. Both Larry and the cat freaked out. Larry laughed about the whole thing.
Today there was a bike race on his favorite trail. He didn't realize it until a biker almost hit him! John walked back home, feeling defeated.
A man at the gym told me bench press is bad for your shoulders. I decided to do military press instead. My shoulders stopped hurting!
There was a war and harry was in the middle of it. He ended up beating the enemy. Everyone was happy.
Then, Molly's mother told her about a robbery at the store. Molly thought about the coins hidden in her room. She returned the coins and got a reward from the owner.
Ray decided not to help anymore and sulked instead. His dad realized it was important to Ray and felt badly. He arranged special projects for them to work on together.
Bob had the chance to win one million dollars to answer questions. Bob answered all the questions correctly. Bob is now the richest person in his town.
At the meeting I found out I'd lose my benefits if I didn't work. Now I have to prove that I work 20 hours per week. Overall this morning was a drag.
Sarah did not want to be left out of the big snorkeling day. She decided to face her fears and she dove into the water! Looking back, Sarah wondered what she ever was afraid of.
We went over a massive waterfall. Which made me get flung out. I hit a rock and cried.
At the end of the day we had a heavy thunderstorm. My wife was very nervous as I drove home. We got home safely.
A couple hours later Sara remembered the dog and went to let him in. She noticed the gate was open and her dog was missing. Sara rushed to tell her mom that the dog was missing.
He then added a seventh wine glass and was struggling. The crowd cheered him on, which impacted his concentration. The man flinched and then it began to rain wine glasses on everyone.
Erica didn't like the people that she ran into. Erica left the bar after a short time. She doesn't go to that bar anymore.
When she arrived she saw that everything was a mess. The worst part was a pile of nasty old dishes. Luckily, her husband cleaned them right away.
Then the door to the office opened. And her heart began to race. She stood nervously waiting to hear her name called.
He lost everything he owned. He knew it was going to take a long time to get it all back. But his family made it out alive, so he knew he'd be alright.
She and her mother made an apple pie together. The family had it for dinner that night. It was delicious!
She started tumbling lessons. The next year at tryouts it went much better. She easily made the team.
Bobby scarfed the pies as quickly as possible, and finished 12. He was awarded first prize, and received a large and shiny medal. But he didn't get to enjoy it long - he threw up almost immediately.
The radio said the band's concert tickets were on sale now. When I got to the website, the concert tickets were sold out. My girlfriend surprised me with concert tickets for my birthday.
Jeremy considered the parrot and ferret. He knew both were high maintenance. Jeremy chose the ferret because parrots are noisy.
The city seemed like ants from where he stood. This however was a great analogy for how he felt in life. Preparing himself he stepped to the ledge and took one final breath.
It swallowed his dollar. He kept on purchasing more. He ended up losing 10 bucks
At first grandma refused. Finally she let Lucy braid her hair. Lucy occupied herself for hours braiding her grandma's hair.
Slowly, he recovered in the hospital. Paige prayed again, thanking God. She knew it was divine providence that he made it out alive.
In good spirits he informed me that home is where the heart is. I confess, though, it still makes me slightly uneasy. The way he laughed and looked at the floorboards as he said it.
She tried her best to seem smart and likeable. Then she got a call back from the interviewer. Suzy was offered the job as a bank teller!
She put eggs, milk, bread, and cheese into her cart. She went to the checkout area and paid for all her food. She drove home and had enough food for the week!
He applied to many places and got a job offer last week. He needed a driver's license and did not have one. Joe is still looking for a job.
We drove around the city for a while. I showed them the fun things in the city. When they left I was sad.
Jill and James couldn't wait to be parents and have their baby. They set up a room for the baby and celebrated every night. Jill had everything she wanted, a wonderful husband and a baby!
He took her into the living room where a puppy was waiting. Ellie was so happy with her birthday present! She had always wanted a dog.
She drove by herself to Las Vegas. The car drove perfect, and the people were friendly. When she arrived she calls her very relieved mother.
Andrew finally had to say it in front of his wife. He was nervous. She loved it.
One day she was about to perform but lost her microphone! She looked everywhere but couldn't find it. She overcame her fear and ended up performing without it!
Todd went down to the concierge and asked for assistance. The concierge gave Todd a power adapter to use. Todd went back to his room and was able to charge his phone.
Everyone thought she would never smile. One day Tim tripped and fell. Jane ended up smiling really hard.
One day her 8AM student didn't show. Jane was grateful for the break and took it as a chance to relax. Jane spent the morning sipping coffee and reading a book.
She carefully sprinkled the petals as she walked. The aisle was perfect for the bride. She had done a good job!
Recently, Alan moved to Washington DC for a new job. Within a week the city got an unprecedented two feet of snow. Alan was overjoyed to experience his first snow storm.
She complained to her mother about her poor dress! Her mother listened quietly and promised to fix Lucy's sorrow. The next morning, she gave Lucy a brand new dress!
But first, I had to find some. I went to the beach and began looking. By the end of the day, I had caught twenty oysters!
When she got them, she tried them on. They fit perfectly. Kelly wanted to buy more.
He hired a maid to clean his house. The maid cleaned his house for hours. Joe tipped her really well for doing such an excellent job.
Amy did well at both interviews. Both of the managers thought she would fit in great. Amy was pleased to have more than one option.
Last night when he was at the bar a girl came in. Luke fell in love instantly. He asked her to dance with him and she said no.
She has already had 4 sales. All the boys are jealous of her sales. She is ready to keep on killing it.
Andrew will be in a cast for three months. His brother felt so bad for breaking Andrew's leg. He offered to drive Andrew around for three months.
I washed all of the clothing. When they were done, I sorted them. I hung them up on hangers in my closet.
She finishes her laundry just before the laundromat closes. When she gets home, Aurelia feels exhausted and ready for bed. However, she is very happy that she cleaned her clothes.
I decided to go to Chile. I loved Chile! I decided to stay in Chile and teach English.
He was a millionaire and felt extremely lucky! He decided to play blackjack and win even more. He went all in, but sadly, ended up losing everything.
Gina realized she had to back down the street. She backed her car up slowly to the intersection. She was upset, but there was nothing else she could do.
They also bought lots of food. They had a big BBQ cookout. At night they lit off the fireworks they bought.
She realize all the other kids were doing the same. She realized they were all new to the school. Amy began to relax and enjoy her day.
She wrote a small poem about her feelings for him. Sandy secretly placed the card in his mail box at work. Sandy was delighted to see the smile on his face when he got the card.
He felt that his client was pretty much guilty. The lawyer closed the book and put it aside. He called the client and told him he quit.
It was very hard for them to have dates. They spent a lot of time on the phone with each other. Michael saved up some money and bought a car so they could date more.
The magazine was so good I took a subscription card from it. I filled it out after I left and mailed it in. Two weeks later I got my first issue in the mail.
She took a photo of the bridge and the setting sun. On the way back home, she saw the sunset and took a photo. Betsy loved her new camera!
My wife went to the lobby and sad down. She put her phone down. Then she went to sleep right there.
In addition, he treated me to dinner at a lobster shack. I came home with a stomach ache. I missed work the next morning since I wasn't able to walk.
One day Tim decided to not do the dishes. His parents were disappointed that he skipped his chores. His parents didn't give him any money to spend that weekend.
When Abe got there he knew he'd made a good decision. He was very happy to be in the room with all the strangers. Abe felt much better about himself as he looked down on them.
He waited all week to hear back from the company. Finally, on Friday, he received a phone call. He had gotten the job!
Afterwards, she lifted a feather into his nose Before he sneezed, he slapped his head with his hand. The flour sprayed over his entire head.
Lately rude audiences had really started to bother him. He saved up his money and renovated his basement. Several months later, he had built an impressive home theater.
Pam's family loves to shop. I saw Pam at the store just this afternoon. She was fighting with an old lady over the last pair of snow boots.
Her mother was very pleased with the breakfast. After eating her mother took the tray to the kitchen and saw the mess. Her mother simply smiled and cleaned up the mess.
One day, a girl found him in the woods. She started talking to him and wouldn't stop. Henry abandoned his box car and moved back home with his Mom.
Her teacher has nominated her to run for Class President Grace decides to talk to her parents regarding her decision. The next day Grace tells her teacher she will run for president.
Thinking about spring made him smile and feel excited. He then thought of something which made his smile disappear. It was only January and spring was not yet on its way!
He went looking for food in his bowl. There was no food in the bowl! The dog went to take a nap while he waited for his owner to come home.
She went home and was eager to begin. She followed the instructions exactly. Mary's hair went from Black to orange.
He took a train there and saw all the music halls. He learned about the history of Austrian musicians. Neil thought Vienna was the most musical city on earth!
Amanda kneaded the dough after mixing the ingredients. She then left the dough on the counter to let it rise. Amanda served the bread to her friends after it was done.
He also saw a large sand shark! Curtis took many pictures of the fish. When he was done he said that he would go snorkeling again very soon.
He remembered that he had not declared some side income. Morty lived in fear of the omission coming back to bite him. Morty was later audited.
The next morning there were three mice in the trap. She carefully set them free outside. That night the mice came back inside!
Ora ignored him and kept chatting and playing. The teacher gave Ora detention! Ora glumly wished she had stopped when asked.
Tim decided to go ahead and eat peanut butter and jelly sandwich. However, Tim was disappointed. It turns out the sandwich was just peanut butter and nothing else.
His mother made him chicken noodle soup. Bob felt better immediately after eating the soup. Bob thanked his mother afterwards.
He had been training to race in a tournament in a month. The day of the race finally came and Charlie was excited! Charlie's car ended up dying on him, leaving him in last place.
The extra weight was melting off of him quickly. All of Jose's clothes were now baggy on his body. Jose had to go shopping and buy a new wardrobe.
After a week her brother had a new friend. This new friend was named was Joe. Gina didn't like the look of Joe, so she avoided him for months.
Her mother was in the basement, and hadn't heard her. An hour later her mother was worried when she couldn't find her. An hour later Amy called and her mother finally calmed down.
He decided to buy laceless shoes. He loved not having to tie his shoes. He never bought shoes with laces again.
Then she decided to make signs at every street that led to her. After she did that she received more traffic than she imagined. She now knew how to have a successful garage sale.
He made lots of friends at the library. His family eventually decided to pay for service. Greg still asked to go to the library anyway to see his friends.
He doesn't need all the sugar but likes the caffeine. He decided to switch and to drink black coffee on his route. It works just fine and he is more productive than ever.
She wasn't amused and sent him to see the Dean. The Dean told Bob he had some real talent. He helped Bob enroll in an art class to nurture it.
She finds endless company on a social network. Vera decides that connections are all that matter. She stops looking for any meaning.
She kept trying to lick her stitches! I bought her a turtleneck so she couldn't reach them. She stopped trying to get the stitches and she looked good, too!
He jumped and tried to get away. Erin reached for the bug spray in his cupboard. By the time he came back, the bug had escaped.
She would wait to hear the car door close. She would run to the kitchen and pour two glasses of milk. Then her dad would come in and they would have some pie.
Finally he screwed up his courage. He asked Megan to go out with him that weekend. Megan smiled and said yes!
Sam walks his puppy everyday. Sam teaches his puppy tricks and how to catch a frisbee. Sam loves his new puppy.
Wendy found lemons in the refrigerator and cut them for her skin. The lemons only made Wendy's skin sting. The next day, Wendy's mom scolded her for wasting lemons.
Wally ended up hitting a vehicle and wally was at fault. Wally felt really bad and apologized to the other driver. No one was hurt but Wally was much more careful in the winter.
I spent the entire off season working on my speed. I would do sprints almost every day. The following year I made the team.
Pat asked him to fight him after school They fought. Pat ended up winning
He ended up beating me for hours. I was stuck there for two more days, then finally escaped. I went home and never looked back.
The barber told him it would cost $50 for it all. The man paid him the money and demanded the barber's own hair too. The barber thought it was far and shaved head head on the spot.
He sat them down at his desk. He came back and they were gone. After searching, he realized they simply fell on the ground.
Before he knew it the light turned green. Jay was not paying attention and people began honking. Jay finally realized they were honking at him and decided to drive on.
He was number eight hundred and they were calling number four hundred. Jason left and went to a restaurant. When he came back the security officer wouldn't let him back in.
She was nervous. They called out the first runner up. Then they announced her as Miss Mississippi.
They looked amazing. Yet yesterday I broke a nail and was sad. I had to glue it together.
She was furious when she got a zero on the paper. The teacher told her it was because she did cite sources. Melissa had to rewrite it all over again.
She got mad and immediately grabbed a broom. He ran away from her since she aimed the broom at him. He managed to hide from her.
Surprisingly, her contractions began progressing quickly. She rushed to the hospital and got some medicine. Before she could wrap her head around it, her baby was born.
But Buttons was getting bigger and more swollen. One day, Buttons was moaning and groaning loudly. Sam walked in to discover Buttons having a litter of puppies!
Shelby isn't paying enough attention and she crashes into a ditch. Everyone survives, but Shelby gets a ticket. Her parents take her car away and Shelby is depressed.
He decided to stay up all night and cram. He kept falling asleep so he drank coffee. He was able to stay awake and study!
One day his friends dared him to try some. After accepting he took his first bite. Arnold threw up.
One day a little boy was on the swing. Amber pushed him off. Amber's mom told her that it was not alright to be a bully.
She was stuck behind numerous cars. No one was moving. Finally an hour later people were moving.
Jack found his mother cooking tacos. Jack was hungry and very happy that tacos were being cooked. Jack ate all the tacos his mother cooked for him.
Emily was compliant the first few times. But she was running out of time to finish her essay. Emily's mother forced her to finish chores.
All of a sudden, she was wet and laying on the ground. She had fallen into a big puddle. Her clothes were soaked so she sat through class dripping wet.
The only bad thing was that my friend and I got lost. Finally we found our way. All in all the trip was good.
There was no mixing and measuring of ingredients. There was very little to clean up afterwards. Gina decided this was the way she would make cookies from now on.
She put two hot dogs in the microwave. They exploded and turned black from being microwaved for too long. Sarah had to clean up the mess in her microwave afterwards.
She fidgeted in her bed and finally decided to get up. Allison ran to her parents room and jumped on her father. She now watches television, while her father snores on the couch.
All of Jason's friends showed up at the party. Jason began opening up the presents. He discovered a brand new playstation 4.
He noticed the museum was advertising for summer help. Daniel got a job there as a part time assistant. He was excited to be around dinosaurs almost all the time.
It was recess and she was hoping to see him. After 20 minutes she thought he hadn't come outside. Finally she spotted him watching the boys playing basketball.
He didn't care and ate them anyway. When his roommate asked everyone who ate them he stayed quiet. Everyone knew it was him but nobody confronted him about it.
She had gained twenty pounds from eating them. She stopped eating the chips. She still couldn't loss the weight though.
Then, a man poured all different colors of dye in the fountain. The water turned murky, and the cops came and arrested him. The cops took him away, and Reese went home.
Kim and a friend both found the same guy attractive. Since the friend had a boyfriend Kim figured she would get the date. The friend went off on a date with the guy without telling anyone.
The new manager sent a memo asking us to keep kids off the grass. I wrote an article which was published in the local paper. The manager backed down and let the kids stay on the grass.
When he woke up the next morning he ran to the window. It was still snowing! School was cancelled the next three days.
Cora could not enter the casino. Cora's friends did not want to wait for her. Cora went back to the hotel alone.
At the art store, he bought large canvases, brushes, and acrylics. He taught the horse to hold the brush in his mouth by the handle. David hung his horses masterpieces all over the barn.
Her mom and sisters all had different sized feet. Jane had nobody to borrow shoes from! She ended up wearing her sneakers, and she was comfortable all night!
She cut up the potatoes in half and washed them all. She lined up cheese and butter in the pan and lined up the potatoes. She cooked them in the oven and the family loved them.
Jackson sets aside an entire weekend for the project. It is very hard work. Once he is done, Jackson is very happy to have a clean carpet.
She ran into an embankment. Sue hit the tree. Sue's car was totaled.
He didn't see anything he liked. Finally, he stopped into an antique shop. He found a lovely vintage necklace for his mother.
Suddenly, the boy looks around and his dog was gone. He wondered where his dog could be and began to call for him. His dog ran out from behind a tree and the two played some more.
He arrived at the machine and put two dollars into the slot. The machine took his money but gave him nothing in return. Now he really hated this place!
If a player is not checkmated the one who runs out of time loses. I sometimes beat better players on time. I enjoy this aspect of speed chess.
Peter panicked and rushed the dog to the vet. The vet said the dog was going to be okay. Now Peter watches what food he leaves around.
The older lady and her dog rarely left the house. She kept most of the curtains pulled shut. Gina could only imagine how dark that house must have been.
Mia told the hairdresser that she wanted to try a new shorter style. The hairdresser cut Mia's long hair up to her shoulders. Mia loved her new haircut.
They all walked around. Then they went to a burger place It was a fun time.
She told me that she had no money. I became extremely sad and ran to my room. She apologized for being dishonest to me in the past.
John wanted to feel more relaxed. He cut down to one drink a day. His nerves are now a lot calmer.
After a few minutes, her face became swollen. She went to her mom and ended up going to the clinic. She received medication to treat the condition.
He slipped and dropped his turtle. The glass container broke into many pieces. Howard's turtle Howard was ok however.
He decided to text her the next day. She did not know who she was. He decided to  delete her number.
He got so drunk. He started to spill his drinks everywhere. Finally, we were kicked out of the bar.
He used his eye socket to hide cocaine. Sinclair was the best drug dealer in Boston for that reason. Until one day he overdosed and died.
Dana found the workload overwhelming and the material dry. Dana did not end up passing the class. Dana decided to pursue computer science instead.
On the other line was the same telemarketer from yesterday. Dave got furious and screamed at the telemarketer to never call again. The telemarketer didn't care and called again the next day.
Halfway through the trip, though, a man started talking to him. He was nice enough but sometimes he seemed a little bit crazy. Luckily, he got off at the next stop.
He has had many close calls. Today he didn't pull off when the light turned green. An officer pulled him over for driver overly cautious.
However, he didn't bother to listen. Instead, he yelled at me. I immediately walked away.
He called a mechanic who came out and towed the car. When they got to the mechanic's shop, he fixed up the car. It was too late to go fishing, so Dan had to return home.
For her birthday she got a drum set as a gift. She played it all the time. Her parents really regretted having bought it for her.
So, he made himself a dinner in the store. It was lonely, but at least he wasn't occupied working. Black Friday was a different story, though.
This meant it was too risky for Ray to buy a house. Instead, Ray decided to invest his money in the French housing market. Unfortunately, the French housing market soon collapsed!
A neighbor noticed Hope dancing in the yard. A couple days later there was an envelope stuck in the door frame. On December 15th Hope is dancing in the Nutcracker Ballet.
When Caroline's parents heard the news they were elated. Caroline was very excited and could not believe this was happening. Caroline could not believe she was going to be a wife.
The neighborhood became safer and they caught the thieves. Reed's neighbors were happy They encouraged Reed to run for Township Supervisor.
But when she used it to grind coffee beans, she quickly became tired. And it took over 10 minutes for her to grind enough coffee beans. Sarah ended up buying a new electric grinder.
As they drove she stared out the window. It was a gray day, and people looked somber as they walked about. Gina thought it looked as if they were as sad as she was.
Eventually Dave grew up and forged his own path in life. Dave became a doctor after many Year's of hard work. Dave's brother now looks up to him.
It was a short walk to the beach. I took my flip-flops off and started walking on the sand. The feeling of sand between my toes was great.
He wore a jacket with a logo of a company he did business with. A representative from that company was also in Walmart. He walked up to Charles and asked him what did he do for work?
One day some kids knocked on his door for candy. He yelled at them and chased them away. He bought candy Year's later when he learned about Halloween.
Sarah decided she needed to go grocery shopping first. Sarah went grocery shopping,  then returned to her home. Sarah decided to take a nap since she was done grocery shopping.
Every time Rowan threw the ball to Harper, Harper would not catch. Then Rowan realized Harper was very sleepy. They both decided to go back inside and have a nap instead.
Luckily, fall was just around the corner. The fall this year was cool and crisp with beautiful colors. I realized that fall was my favorite season.
Someone was running close behind her. She got nervous and began picking up speed. Then, she broke into a full sprint and ran from the scene.
He could not afford one. He wanted to cry. Then, a rich man saw him crying and bought a suit for Tim.
Julie handed him some pretend plastic coins. The man smiled, and gave her a dime back for change. Julie skipped away happily, and the man smiled.
She decided to join a group that was going to climb two small cliffs. Maeve was nervous when she climbed the first cliff, she almost fell. She managed to climb them both, though, and felt quite proud!
Her alarm did not sound in the morning. Samantha overslept by 1 hour. Samantha realized her alarm clock was broken and threw it out.
They called it beat boxing. They developed their verbal skills well. Todd went on to be a professional rapper.
Tim goes on to become a successful millionaire. Twenty years later, on a return visit home, Tim stops at McDonalds. He can't help but smirk when it is Brian who takes his order.
Gina brought chips and dip out to share. Other kids went home and brought other snacks. They danced and partied until it was time to go inside.
She got up to check, and fell. After picking up the iPad, Nicole realized the screen was cracked. She decided to take it to the store and see if it could be fixed.
It ended up being a foul. When he made a second attempt, I hit the ball. It turned into a home run and my team won the game.
Kristi asked Carrie if she wanted to go sailing. Carrie had never been sailing but was happy to get the chance to go. Carrie had so much fun that day that she is now saving for a sailboat.
John chose to go through Chemotherapy. His hair fell out, but he got better. John lived ten more years.
One day, someone on the bus sat on her. This made her very unhappy. Sue decided to carpool with her friend to work moving forward.
She wore her leggings anyway. Many of her fellow tap dancers loved her leggings. Ellen decided to wear whatever she wanted in the future.
Sandra got tutoring help from Ben and studied every night to prepare. On the day of the test, Sandra was nervous. Her hard work paid off and she got a B+ on the test.
Leah planned some fun activities for the day. However, before these activities, she decided she would sleep more. She was upset when she woke up that evening to find she slept all day.
Mary decided to take a day off from work. She spent the day spring cleaning her house, scrubbing everything. Now that it's clean, Mary is much more comfortable.
She found him in the break room watching TV. Jane launched a rant of fury on the co-worker. She stormed out of the break room ignoring his pathetic apologies.
She made chicken balsamico and some spinach. Rebecca cleaned her spoon diligently afterwards and put it back. She laughed to herself as he ate her delicious food.
After typing up 200-300 words, I started to fall asleep. When I woke up, my friend texted me. My class recently started and he asked why I wasn't there.
Once there it began to rainy so heavily that fishing was impossible! Hoping for better weather in the morning, they went to sleep early. With clear skies at sunrise, they were free to fish all day!
He told them that the order is wrong. However, they told him that the food was already made. Henry parked his car and stormed into the place to see the manager.
She put them on over her real nails and painted them. When she went to bite her nails absently, she encountered acrylic! Evan was finally able to stop absentmindedly biting her nails!
Her mom insisted she attend the party. Against her will, Kia went. And she had a wonderful time!
Dan searched his entire apartment for the passport. Dan realized that his passport was lost. Dan was upset that he could not find his passport anywhere.
But he gritted his teeth and stuck with it. Soon the year was over and Nate had completed every class. He was so proud of himself for not quitting!
She narrowed her choices down to three different pairs. But after an hour, she could not decide which one to buy. Kim ended up purchasing nothing.
On the way the encountered a big ferocious bear. The man screamed at the bear. The bear ran away in terror.
Jessie shook the phone several times, and threw it in frustration. She ran to pick up her phone, and saw a large crack on her screen. There was no fixing her phone, and Jessie regretted her quick temper.
She glanced over to check and saw him with a block in his mouth. She cried out and ripped it out of his hands. Then, she made sure to pick up any small blocks.
Lisa then had to switch the location. She could not reach her friends. Lisa ended up not have a party.
He sat at his computer while thinking about walking. But it began getting dark. He decided not to walk.
The girl named Sara said Leo was cute but a little too lazy. Leo jumped off the couch and threw away his game console. Today he loves to travel & sightsee with his girlfriend Sara.
It was difficult to learn Yoruba without a native speaker to help me. So, I decided to move to Nigeria to find a fluent speaker. I hired a Yoruba tutor and she helped me to master the language.
He ordered the vegetarian plate when they went out to eat. He arrived home feeling hungry and unsatisfied. Nancy found Jim in the closet eating lunchmeat.
She called her old doctor to request them. There, they told her that her records had been thrown out. It was an accident but Jane was really upset.
Tom was afraid of being hit by a ball so he did not play. One day he decided to play and got hit by a pitch. It didn't actually hurt so Tom fell in love with Baseball.
We both got out of the car and exchanged our information. I called my insurance, and they told me to call the police. When the police got there, they took our statements.
Whoever lost more weight would pay the other $50! Tim was motivated not to lose his money. He lost more weight and won $50!
Eric picked it up to examine it. He looked around and saw the nearby wall was missing a brick. He tried to wedge it back but it did not fit.
She ended up walking much longer than she planned. And she felt a lot better. She ended up walking more frequently.
But she woke mid-night, freezing cold! She crept out to examine the thermostat. Angrily, she saw that her husband had turned it down again!
Ivy's roommate considered, then accepted. Ivy paid the roommate $5. Then she sat back happily and watched her friend wash the dishes!
He reaches a 4 way stop. He Ignores it and keeps going. An SUV crashes right into his passenger seat.
They had been playing dolls, but were tired of that. They drew on the sidewalk till Lisa's mom came. The next day Lucy missed Lisa when she saw their drawings.
They would make movie references often. Leon would feel left out. Leon spent a whole weekend watching every Star Wars film ever made.
He made ghost costumes out of two old sheets. They weren't much, but Jay's children loved them. Jay was so glad he'd given his kids a good Halloween!
One of my pals told me to check out classical music by Tchaikovsky. One of my pals told me to check out glam rock by Def Leppard. I ended up loving both, and thanked my friends for the help.
She tried on many different dresses and found one that she liked. Sally went to the wedding in her new dress. Sally was happy when everyone complimented her dress.
He felt like he could conquer the world. When he finally got to Everest he was unable to get halfway up. Mike was discouraged and simply went back home.
I didn't think anything of it. Before I know it we're being escorted by security. It turns out she tried to put it in her purse without paying.
She was panicking because her costume didn't look right without them. Luckily, her friend was also a cosplayer, and had some similar pieces. She let her borrow some yellow gauntlets which matched her idea.
That didn't work either. They finally broke down and adopted a new born baby. This made their family complete.
He starts to get a little paranoid. Finally Dan's boss tells him that his shirt is inside out. An embarrassed Dan goes to the bathroom and reverses his shirt.
Someone suggested he take a bus so he looked into it. He found out the bus was half the cost of an airplane! Though it took a little longer, he could go see his family on the bus.
She went to the salon and got them done. Then Katie realized they didn't look good on her. Katie immediately took it off.
On this weekend, she did not have to work and made an effort to clean. She started decluttering and moved through each room in her house. Jackie donated five big trash bags full of items to the local charity.
Our teacher told us we will climb it. I stood in line waiting to climb. When it was my turn, I could not climb the rope.
Today, he was watching videos on the job. His boss wasn't there. Time ticked by faster for him today
He contacted the seller and made plans to meet him. He arrived, and traded cash for the car. He got into the car and it was in pretty good shape.
Her friends didn't want to be around her. She started washing her hands with lemon juice after work. She didn't smell crabby anymore.
We found a log and used it as a float. We swam out to the middle of the pond and back. The lifeguard took the log away as a safety hazard.
He constantly wanted to use his hands to grab the ball. Jack's friends made him play as the goalie. He finally felt comfortable on the soccer field.
She took the posters around the school. Using tac, she hung them up all over. Soon, they were all hung up.
She ran fast, but not fast enough. Soon the others caught up to her. Now it was time for Amy to chase everyone!
The woman behind the counter knew him, and knew about his diet. She refused to sell him the cake. Roger huffed and left the bakery in a hurry.
Her boyfriend invited his friend along. They ended up sitting by the fire all night. She wished they had spend more time in the woods.
Anita wanted to be upset, but her son brought his family. He was married to a Mexican woman and had two kids. Annita opened her door, hugged her son and met her grandchildren.
On Saturday Jackie took some cucumbers to her nextdoor neighbor. On Sunday, when she got home from church, there was a knock at the door. Her neighbor had made cucumber salad and had brought some to share.
One day Karly was sick, so Katrina went to Karly's friend's party. She had a blast and no one knew the difference! Afterward, she brought Karly leftover cake and they laughed together.
I grabbed it and took it in my house. I nursed it back to health. I released it only to see a falcon kill it in mid-air.
Stan kept touring all the way into 2016. Fans still came out to hear him even though he now sang out of tune. Stan was able to pay his bills thanks to their love of nostalgia.
She had never done the high dive though, and she was scared. She looked over the edge, and focused. She leapt off the platform, twirling and spinning.
His mom made an appointment with the barber for next week. They went in to the barber and had to wait for 10 minutes. When the barber was finished, Vinny looked handsome.
He asked if she could pick up more things for him. She was exhausted and snapped at him. Now she feels frustrated and remorseful.
She had to put tape on the toe box. She told her mom what happened. They went shopping for new shoes the next day.
There was a large knife and a gun inside. When no one was looking, I decided to take it home. Eventually, I was able to contact the owner.
He decided to write a story. It was a short story about an author who wrote short stories. Matt got bored halfway through writing it and decided to stop.
Seth was very impressed by the exhibits at the museum. Seth took up art himself, and created his own paintings. One of his paintings eventually went on display at the museum.
Alexa noticed that she didn't speak. Alexa's teacher explained that the girl was deaf. Alexa decided to learn sign language.
He even bought new equipment to practice with. On the day of the big game, Scott sunk a goal just one minute in. He was horrified when he realized he'd scored for the other team.
I wore them to school. Everyone made fun of me. I was the laughingstock of the school for a week.
Timothy didn't have much confidence in himself. It took everything he had to dance with all of his self doubt. Everyone loved his dancing and he won the contest.
I played games in the corner while he talked with his buddies. We were both very happy. My mother yelled at both of us afterwards.
At his stop the bus was waiting a long time. Out of the window she saw Jamie getting on the bus with crutches. She finally understood why he hadn't been at school.
So he eats the carrots. She lets him have a piece of cake. Timmy is very happy.
No matter what he tried he kept falling over. Eventually he sat and ate while she skated. Tammy still appreciated the effort and loved him for it.
He didn't know where to go so he just sat in the parking lot. It took four long hours. Finally, he was able to go back inside.
She was looking forward to the end of the year tournament. She played her best and won the tournament. She earned a college scholarship by winning the tournament.
He felt it was the best decision he ever made. Glen continued his career in the Navy for the next 20 years. Glen is now retired from the Navy.
The one he wanted was too expensive. He went home and searched online. He was very happy to find one similar for $80 less than in store.
His favorite activity was the kids crafts. He did crafts every day while he was at the camp. Alex and his family were both sad when their vacation was over.
He tried to think back, but could only remember buying three or four. He called his parents, who lived nearby. They told him that they'd been quietly bringing him things for Years.
She grabbed her ice skates and went outside. She laced up her skates and did a few spins on the ice. Jan had fun ice skating.
He decided to play online chess instead. I went to my apartment and played ten games. My friend said he did not feel guilty about playing.
She brought Billy down to the basement where dad was working. She then asked the dad what Superman looks like. The dad flexed his muscles and Billy laughed and laughed!
Her stomach began revolting before she'd even finished the third taco. She projectile vomited over the entire cafeteria. From then on, the kids nick named her Patty Puke.
He went to work anyway. He made lots of people sick. He never went to work with the flu again.
She went to a professional salon instead. There, they smoothed her feet and painted her toenails. Sam was happy with her pedicure.
He then went down to the basement of his house. He found guitars that his father must have owned. He knew what he was going to be doing for the rest of the day.
His wife proposed that a simulation can be run to train employees. Joe sets up a simulation to ensure workers are competent. Joe no longer has as much difficulty training new employees
Suddenly he spots a red wolf and the red wolf spots him. They both stand still in their tracks. James makes a run for it and the red wolf watches from afar.
He pulled over to the side of the road. When he got out of the car, he saw one of his tires was flat. He put on the spare tire that was in his trunk.
He told us it was called a cast and everyone wanted to write on it. He wore it for a long time and said it itched. One day he came home and it wasn't on his arm anymore.
She finally decided to get it cut to something easier to manage. Her stylist gave her a pixie cut. Julia was both in shock and happy with her new style.
We had fish and stuffed peppers. Dessert was a apricot and flaky crust. We thanked Joe for the nice dinner.
In 2015 he made a record and obtained a digital file of his recording. He used his credit card and joined a music sharing site. Now Charles is selling downloads of his music, his dream is reality.
Everyone sang him happy birthday. He closed his eyes, made a wish, and smiled. Suddenly he heard a bark, his wish for a puppy came true.
She avoided using them for as long as she possibly could. The pencil's tip would get pathetically dull. When her pencil needed to be sharpened, she was close to tears.
Molly began to cry. The teacher asked her what was wrong. Molly had forgot her homework.
Shay and Scheana got married. Scheana discovered that Shay suffered from addiction and depression. They got divorced a year later.
The children became very competitive at it. Morgan grew concerned when they wouldn't speak for days. Occasionally she had them play the loud game, just in case.
I had found a card worth $10, and one worth $30! I brought the cards to a store, where they offered me $10 for both. I was disappointed, but hey, that's business.
Amy was afraid it was late, and they would be caught. She stood to announce to her friends they needed to leave. She turned, and Ben kissed her quickly before he headed home.
He then gets up to find the perfect truck for moving dirt. In an old oak in the back of the property he finds a beautiful thing. This mythic item is the amazing dump truck that he plays with.
But he hasn't landed a part in Year's. He went to Hollywood and landed a job as a waiter. Now he serves dishes and coffee to Hollywood actors and executives.
It was still there. She looked at it in the mirror. She blinked until the eye thing was gone.
Then she started to clean her livingroom. She was dusting all of her furniture. While dustin she knocks over a really expensive vase her mom gave her.
Beth felt very awkward. She didn't want to marry Danny! To be kind, she told him she needed some time to think.
His wife gets mad that he is gone playing softball so much. He ignores his wife when she tries to talk to him about it. James continues to play softball.
The next day she dressed up to look older and went by herself. The ticket taker let her in without a second glance. Ten minutes later she ran out of the theater crying for her parents.
In the morning, she went in front of a judge. The judge sentenced Amanda to one hundred hours of community service. Amanda was grateful to avoid jail time.
One day he lost his dog at the park! He finally found her behind a tree with a litter of puppies! Brad's dog was a new mother!
She was hesitant, but she tried everything they ordered. Some of it was too spicy, but some of it was great. She has a new appreciation now for Indian food.
They decided to go in and try it. The service and food were wonderful! The group was no longer hungry, but had become slightly poorer.
The metal detector kept going off! Then she realized why. She had forgotten to remove her metal tongue rings!
Music filled the air and could be heard for miles around. The students  practiced hard for two weeks, improving their skills. At the end of camp, they performed a concert for the community.
The next morning she found her laptop on the ground. The cat had knocked it off the counter. Amy was relieved it worked, but the E key fell off.
We had a nice time and saw beautiful places. It wasn't enough. We are still going through with the divorce.
They were going to move in together. Kim's boyfriend surprised her with new lamps he bought. She loved how thoughtful he was.
They sat down and had a talk with him. Eventually he agreed that sharing was best. Now he asks before he plays with them.
One day Bill stole Jay's lucky shoes. Bill challenged Jay to a race and still lost. That day everybody learned that the shoes weren't what made Jay fast.
He thought about it until he got his score the following week. He had gotten an A! Mark went out to celebrate.
Dan searched for the napkin on the table. He found out that there was $100 behind the napkin. Dan was able to fill his car gas and pay a bill with the money.
He took it out on its first voyage last week It was windier than expected and it hit some electric wires. Harold has no way of fixing it.
One of them ended up landing on their head. The medic stopped the dance and took the girl to the doctor's office. She was diagnosed with a head concussion.
But was missing the bacon he always put on it. He didn't know what to do at first and then opened the fridge. A new package of bacon was waiting for him to use.
They drove there and he looked in wonder at the building. They each got a golf club and different colored golf balls. Kenny wound up getting a better score than both of his parents!
Beth realized she felt nothing from him anymore. She wanted to leave but was afraid. She stayed with him because it was easier.
Then Kim decided to ask her mom and sister. The three women went to the mall together. Kim had a wonderful time shopping with her family!
Officer Todd knew they were not prescribed to the man. He apprehended the suspect. The streets are a little safer tonight.
She decided to buy a scratch lottery ticket. When she got back to her car, she checked her numbers. Anna won $100.
Marco goes to the grocery store to buy some meat and hamburger buns. He cooks a delicious burger at home. Marco decides he will stop ordering delivery food so much.
Her grandma sprayed a burn spray on the burn. Lucy put a band-aid on the burn and went to watch TV. After 10 minutes the burn no longer hurt.
There was book inside of the bubble wrap. When Ian flipped the pages, a few pages we're missing. As a result, he filed a complaint online.
The city was crowded for a week. The concerts brought big country names. It was a great time for all.
Joe was moved to give it a bath. Joe and the stray began to like each other. Joe and the cat were both happy to share a home.
He's met all his parents expectations. Dylan choose an economical Honda Civic. He loves his fuel efficient car.
He practiced every time he worked. Finally, he was sure he had done it. However, when his boss tried it, she said he needed to practice more.
If she didn't eat now, she would have to wait until lunch to eat. Julie decided to eat a granola bar on the way to work. Julie still didn't feel full.
So she was eager to try out for her high school gymnastics team! She tried out and was happy to find she had made the team. Not only that - the other members had voted her team captain!
Then, she got her paints and went to work. It took a very long time. When she was done, everyone loved it.
He did his act, but no one laughed. Someone even booed him off stage. Will decided he no longer wanted to be a comedian.
Bill fluffed up the pillow but that did not work. He reached in the dark for a second pillow. The two pillows were stacked atop each other and Bill slept soundly.
He tried many times, but kept missing like an idiot. Eventually, he found an opening and rose up for the slam. He landed the right handed hammer and was very proud.
He threw the ball in the air, near the hoop. His friend grabbed the ball and made a drunk. That score put his team in the lead.
When she finally got up enough nerve, only the lead roles were left. She tried out. The results were posted and she was Cinderella!
She concentrates very hard to finish it, and mails it off. Waiting for her dad to write back is torture. But soon his letter comes, and she is so excited to hear from him!
She was granted permission as long as she kept good grades. She got straight A's. She was able to dance as she had always dreamed.
Her friend told her she would ride with her to encourage her. They got on the roller coaster and waited for it to start. When it began, the girls screamed, laughed, and had a lot of fun!
After she read it, she had an angry look on her face. She stood up and walked to the garbage can. I had to stop her before she threw it away.
I broke several keys and decided to buy a new keyboard. I drove to the store and found a nice looking replacement. I brought it to the clerk and purchased the new keyboard.
The days are filled with calls for Becky. The callers are grumpy. Becky quit her job.
The first man cut it off to my ears, when it was down to my shoulders. The second man put horrible layers all over it, even though I said no! My husband cuts my hair now, I don't trust anyone else to do it.
She was spayed and we picked her up three days later. When I got to the shelter, they handed me a boy cat named Charles! I immediately pointed to my TaiShan and grabbed her.
She picks out turkey, vegetables and cheese. She drives herself home. Cindy enjoys a healthy, homemade dinner.
I still have my old car and don't know what to do with it. My friend said the dealership will buy my old car from me. I'll go back tomorrow and get some cash for my old car.
Rick didn't like his car seat and he tried to get free. When he was free he stood up to say hi to daddy. Daddy was not happy as he put Rick back in his car seat.
During the interview, she realized her pen had leaked. It had smeared all over her shirt! Embarrassed, Betsy was so relieved when she got the job anyway.
This time his mother tried something new. Her mother made him a vegetable and fruit smoothie. Timmy loved the taste of the smoothie and drank it all down.
Looking back, I read so many pages. Now I don't have any time to read books. However I plan to start reading more.
It works until he invites himself to dinner at her house. So she gets her friend to pretend to be her husband. They fool her boss and he never bothers her again.
A long line started to form behind her. When tickets went on sale she bought 2. Kim took her best friend to the movie.
She told him how much she loved the movie he recommended. He smiled and gave her a free popcorn. Lucy was in love.
Then Ann decided to make s'mores. She put all the ingredients together and put them on the fire. They came out warm, gooey, and eaten by all the campers!
Steve downed his drink and quickly ordered another. He brought his new drink into the theater. The man sitting next to Steve told him he wish he had a drink too.
As the week went on he made friends and started to have fun. At the end of the week Jimmy was sad to go home. He couldn't wait for camp next summer.
I got lost in downtown San Diego, but ended up at the beach. I met the man I call my husband at that beach. I loved my trip to California and want to live there one day.
The two turned around and headed down North Street. They eventually found a scalper selling tickets for double the price. Jimmy was embarrassed, but nevertheless enjoyed the game with his girl.
I was nervous as I moved my stuff in. I ended up saving way more than expected and got a house. I was so happy that made that decision.
Jimmy got a pail and shovel and headed to the backyard. He remembered his dad said that worms like dark, damp spots. Jimmy found all the worms he needed by digging under a rock.
Time to get up and let the dog out. Tom's foot felt a squishy sensation when it met the floor. It was already too late to let the dog out to poop.
There were some classics and some one hit wonders. I picked out a few to listen in my car. It was fun to listen to all this old music.
The doll he was trying to get was wrapped in plastic. He couldn't get the ties undone. Finally, he had to grab a knife just to free the toy.
He spent hours everyday for a week. He still had a lot to go. He had a clear favorite though.
Part of the stove short-circuited. She ended up getting burned. Her hand had a burn on the side of it.
He looked for twenty minutes. He decided he needed to go warm his car up and then look again. He stepped outside and heard the crunch on his glasses under his feet.
She took her bike on top of a mountain. She rode down the steep mountain. It was great exercise for Jane.
At around five o'clock my neighbor came knocking. She said people had been taking others packages. So she took mine and saved it for me.
Jason saw his father's pistol in his father's drawer. He picked it up and marveled at it. Now he tells people, do you want me to get my father's gun?
She saw a beautiful balloon that she decided to buy. She handed the cashier her birthday money. She left the store with a beautiful balloon and a great big smile.
In the middle of it my uncle came out as gay. A few people were shocked. Everyone was overall supportive and loving.
They were sold out of her favorite cake. The owner told Tony how to make it himself. His elated grandma couldn't tell the difference!
The virtual communities responded with rage. Ariana was happy to see the maker of the comment had lost his job. She was much less happy when she lost her own as well.
He did everything possible to make sure the size was correct. But he was too afraid to order the shoes. So he went to a store and reluctantly bought shoes for a bad price.
Finally Lucas decided to eat a peanut. He spit it out because he hated the taste. Lucas decided that he would never try something new again.
Under anaesthesia, Marge was given hair plugs to fill her brows. Marge was soon happy with her full, arched brows. But a month later, her brows had grown like bangs.
He mustered the courage to attend a morning swim class. He was happy that the instructor was so nice and supportive. Billy learned to swim that day and has enjoyed it ever since.
While inside she becomes witness to a robbery. She listens intensely. Helen tells the Police about the events that occurred.
She started speeding to make up for lost time. But a cop pulled her over and ticketed her! Rhoda wished she hadn't sped.
Sam didn't believe her. When Sam got to the park it started to rain. He went back and apologized to his mom for not believing her.
The detective searched all the hills and hollows of the property. He walked up to the family, a grim look on his face. He explained he'd found Emily's body on the reef.
But her father and his friends beat her to it. They were playing cards, and drinking. Gina went back to her room, and went back to sleep.
When they arrived, Jane ran out of the car to go see what she could. Almost immediately Jane ran back in tears to her parents. It turned out Jane was afraid of clowns, so the whole family went home.
In the end, Tom won. Greg got very bitter about it. They stopped being friends.
Edith posted the item on EBay. Several people bid on it. Edith made a profit of fifty dollars.
Yesterday, Emily went to the pet store. She got to play with all the kittens. She adopted the cutest little Calico kitten and named her Fluffy!
They learned about how wine is made. The trip was a great bonding experience. The girls found new wines they loved.
Although he didn't love the sound at first, he liked how it looked. Luke became one of the best French Horn players in his school. He was happy he chose to play the French Horn.
He ate more and more until he was stuffed. But he got a massive headache. Ray regret eating so much.
The dirt fell onto the construction project. Sally had to help clean up the mess. Afterwards, the construction project was finished.
She fed the cat, gave it water, and petted it a lot. The cat fell asleep on the couch with its catnip toy. She kissed the cat and went to bed.
As it was cooking, it caught fire. Jim luckily had good training and put the fire out. The customer got a new burger and everyone was safe.
But he loved cooking and he only dreamt of being a cook! They discussed the matter at length and found a solution. Now both of them are happy, because Kyle is an Army chef!
He could hardly get his workouts in. He had to constantly wait for other people to finish. He decides to leave.
Last week my friends got sick and I helped them. I told them to breathe and stay calm. When we got in,  they didn't ride on the boat anymore.
He spent many hours writing and developed a cool song. He published it with the record album and received the album. Then, John gave the album to his friend as a gift.
I bought the playstation home and installed it. When I tried to turn it on, I noticed it was broken. I took the playstation back to the store and got a replacement.
Kelly wondered why the dog looked like this. One day, the dog gave birth to five puppies. Kelly realized this is why the dog was so fat.
Unfortunately, Remy's car broke down. His car's repair was very expensive. Remy had to spend his vacation at home.
All of a sudden a clown burst out of a building shouting run! They ran away from the clown and the building as it crumbled. They were afraid of clowns after that.
Jim tried to ignore the cat and go back to sleep. The cat kept swatting Jim's face. Jim gave up and got out of bed.
The bong fell to the floor and shattered into pieces. Everyone was so sad to see the bong had been broken. Fortunately, Robin had a spare bong that was even more beautiful!
They drove to the beach. Chad threw a stick in the water for Max to fetch. They drove home on a wet truck seat.
They even left cookies out for Santa. At 12 am, They got up and saw the gifts. They were all coal.
At home she tried it on backwards. She stood in the mirror to see how she liked it. She had to admit she'd wasted her money on this hat.
His father didn't see that a screw was missing from the swing. The swing broke while Rey was swinging. His father complained to the city.
Then one day a friend suggested she work as a florist. Em did her research and decided to give it a try. To her joy, she became the most popular florist in town!
They went to the doctor to see what might be the problem. She took a pregnancy test in the office and the doctor came in. He told them with smile on his face they were going to have a baby.
Unfortunately, Stan's parents wouldn't let him throw the party. Stan had to let everyone know the party was cancelled. Stan was really sad that he couldn't have his party.
Cassie was so hungry that she took an enormous bite. She quickly stopped when her tooth hit a hard object. Disgusted, she looked down to find she had bitten into a golden ring!
Suddenly he stood up, yelled, and pointed. Three men grabbed another who had just walked in. The man went back to smoking his cigarette.
The first thing he did was watch some TV in his pajamas. Afterwards, he played some computer games. He was ready to go into work the next day after feeling refreshed.
Not a lot of people showed up. The try outs were still held. Ryan got on the team but so did everyone else.
Her mother warned her she would go deaf. She went to the doctors to get her hearing checked. She had lost 50% of her hearing.
He decided to mow lawns to earn the money. Soon, he was able to buy the game. It was the best game he ever played.
The heat of the oven was too much for the man. His hand felt like he had a sunburn because of the oven. After putting aloe on it, he felt good enough to work more.
Cassidy decides to play a game of hopscotch. He plays for a few hours. When he gets home he feels glad that he played hopscotch.
He looks for a denim shirt, which will match his casual lifestyle. Jasper finds the perfect shirt at a thrift store. He's happy that he has a new shirt to wear.
She was nervous about living there. She found out it was really not a safe place. She decided to stay in Minnesota.
He thought knitting was for girls. But he felt really good about doing something for homeless people. He even worked on an extra scarf at home that night.
Now, he's trying to get them published. Just last week he met with a publisher. It seems to be going well for him, and he should get a decision soon.
She wasn't sure if she should run or not. She stood staring at the dog as he stared at her. Just then, the dog began to approach her.
Our cat hates it. She hid under the bed for an hour after the vacuuming stopped. She slowly came out and is fine now.
At first, she thought that the curtain was pretty good. Then, she began seeing mold growing on the curtain. She decided to send it back and get a refund.
A person he asked chose to give him a scratch and win lottery ticket. The homeless man took it and reluctantly scratched it. His face smiled as the ticket revealed a prize of one million.
The professor passed out real embalmed hearts. I fainted upon seeing the hearts. I realized anatomy wasn't for me.
Cam noticed a string on the shirt that did not belong. She figured it must have come from something else she washed. Cam plucked the string off and threw it on the floor.
The class was completely silent for a moment. He cracked his knuckles very loudly. Everyone turned their heads to look at him.
I came out front and realized they had closed the store with me in it. Not knowing what else to do, I called 911. The police and the owner soon arrived to let me out.
All week they did many crafts and learned Bible verses. After class they were fed lunch and returned home. A big play was at the end of the week with all parents invited.
Kelly was nervous about that. She walked into the classroom. She was forced to be quiet for an hour.
They took out a huge cake and placed it on the table. In addition, they sang Happy Birthday to my sister. She was extremely delighted.
Sara was ashamed and vowed that her next grade would be an A. Sara studied hard and asked for extra help studying. Sara got back her next to with a big A on it.
I began to cough and my chest hurt. I decided to put on a mask. Now, my lungs were safe!
Gerald started saving money in bank account for the trip. After a few months, Gerald had enough money and knowledge for trip. He went to Japan for a week and loved it.
The smoke burned his lungs. Tony asked Nick if he had ever smoked before. Nick bashfully said he hadn't, then cough his lungs out.
He decided to have gender reassignment surgery. He soon looked like a girl on the outside. He was so happy to finally look like himself!
But the train was late. When the train arrived it was running as an express. So I got to town in time to see the show.
But Daniel was sure he found love when he met Becky. They were friends less than one month when Daniel bought her a laptop. She took his gift but told him she liked a different guy.
Then he put the batter into a pan and put it in the oven. After it came out of the oven, he frosted it. Finally, he enjoyed a slice of cake.
This time was nothing new. Maria tried to get off but got stuck on the seat. They had to stop the lift and help her get down.
Finally they agreed. Eve was so excited! She went to the pet shop the next day to select her new pig pet!
She wore it out to the club with friends. At the club five other women had the same bag. Karen was annoyed and stopped wearing it as much.
He had to make it tasty. He mixed the pasta with 5 types of spices. His friends said it was the best pasta ever.
I held onto the rope with fear. I was afraid I would get hurt. However thankfully i repelled safely.
Who knew picking out a major would so difficult. However he began writing a list of pros and cons for each one. "I finally picked" he shouted, "Marketing will be great."
The cashier tried to scan it, but it wouldn't scan. Since it wouldn't scan, she couldn't sell it to me. I had to go home empty-handed.
Gina knew she looked a mess all covered in sand. She wiped her face, and Tami wiped her legs. Gina was so upset she began to cry.
Rapidly, he scrawled his name on top of the page. He sprang from his desk and raced to the front of the room. Slowly, he placed the test on the teacher's desk just as time ran out.
He said it was economical. One day his friend ran out of gas. Kevin had to help him out and made fun of him.
I decided to do the military press. Eventually, my triceps became huge! Alas, my arms looked weird because I didn't work my biceps.
Samantha decided to start looking for a new job. Then her boss let her know she got a substantial raise. Samantha stopped looking for a new job.
Suddenly, she slipped on some soapy water. She decided to go to the emergency room just in case. Luckily, she and the baby were fine.
He was unsure that he would like the book. He finished the book in a day. It changed his life.
But it was caught on something. It was caught on his sister's hair. She doesn't go fishing with Arnold anymore.
The tutor helped her review for the final. Nia ended up getting a C, which is higher than her other grades. However, her final grade wasn't a passing one.
When school resumed, Danny saw his bike with a coat of black paint. As he ran to the bike, Danny saw a tough boy get on it. Danny told the boy that was sure a neat bike.
Sadly, he asked locals about it. To his surprise, they laughed! They said they did not believe in the monster at all!
On the very next day she puts an advertisement in the paper. Joshua sees his phone number and address in the advertisement. Barbara tells him she doesn't love him anymore.
He fed the birds with bread he had brought in a bag. The birds were scared by a cyclist coming around the corner. Jorge covered his head with his arms as the birds flew into him.
He had to get to work in the morning. He shoveled the snow out of his driveway. Afterwards, he was able to successfully back out his car.
When the parade started, the marchers threw candy toward us. Both of us scrambled and collected ten pieces of candy each. We considered it a successful parade day.
They deliver, but she did not want to wait. She picked up a large half pepperoni pizza. My sister in law joined us as well.
Lynn and Ann were only in their freshman year but they both liked Tim. Tim didn't even know either one of them existed. Finally they forgot about Tim and became best friends instead.
She placed a cold waffle on the device at home. When the waffle maker heated the waffle, it completely cooked it. The outer layers were extra crispy.
They had so much fun and the view was amazing. They met other couples on the trip that were also celebrating. They decided to make it an annual recurring trip.
Jimmy crept up behind Cindy with one of the mice. Cindy screamed in fright when she saw the mouse. She was very angry at Jimmy for a week.
Abe laughed as his chili and soup rolled around on the white snow. He thought it was pretty funny, and didn't let it bug him. He put on some gloves and picked up all the cans.
Went to Dallas and waited for my train to show up. I got on board and I was very impressed. Saw many impressive scenes while riding the train.
Then, she spent an hour practicing one of the tricks. When she felt confident, she went to show her family. They were all really proud of her trick.
The rock made a small splash. Sam looked for a bigger rock to throw in. He found a very large rock but he was too weak to lift it.
He was too lazy to unbox everything. So he sat on the couch and watched TV. Then a person came in, Trevor was in the wrong house!
He decided to borrow some from his brother. He looked around his brother's room. Unfortunately his brother didn't have any clean socks either.
The bunny hopped away. The next time Alice saw the bunny, she was very still. She was able to watch the bunny for a long time.
At home, she set up the beds and a fence around them. Then she planted seeds. Finally, she marked each pot so she knew what was growing.
Amy cleaned the mess and confronted her roommate about it. The roommate denied the mess and blamed Amy for it. Amy moved her microwave to her side of the room so she couldn't use it
She looked, and looked but they didn't have any like it. She didn't want to buy any other kind of hat. So she left the store with nothing and went home.
The test was his midterm for geometry. He took the test early one morning, hoping he did alright. Luckily, he did pass his test and he was able to play.
I was too young to know how to mentally prepare. On the day of the recital, my mom gave me a good pep talk. This prepared me for the recital, and I did really well.
Watching the show made her fall into a sort of TV trance. When she next saw the clock, she realized she watched it for 3 hours. At that point Ruth decided that she had enough cartoons for the day.
Suddenly, someone slammed a cart against a wall. Her baby woke up and began screaming. Maria tried to soothe him but he wouldn't stop until they left.
The shoe caught fire. It burned the house down. Harry is in a lot of trouble.
But Conrad is convinced that he can make rice in a pan. Unfortunately he burns the rice! Conrad decides to only make rice again if he has a rice cooker.
And she quickly grabbed any package on the shelf. When she made the coffee at home, it tasted old and bitter. She realized the package was 2 months old.
Suddenly, he encountered a boy that he had met in summer camp. The boy and him had hated each other. Jerry went up to him and shook his hand to dispel the tension.
He went through his attic and found a lot of things he didn't need. He decided to sell them on Ebay for some quick money. Henry eventually sold enough stuff to buy his new Xbox.
However, Isaiah couldn't stop popping them with tongue. The next day, his mom had to take him to the doctor. He said that Isaiah is currently sick from ingesting too much soap.
The family drove to the trip destination. The kids were overwhelmed with the experience. Robert and family decided to go on many more vacations.
She liked having all the boys stare at her. One day though, an old man made a rude comment to her. After that, Mary wore more appropriate clothing.
He learned that this eviction was illegal. He filed a report. Luckily, his landlord backed down.
One day, a nurse decided to get to know him better. She discovered that Harold just needed some company. The nurse and Harold are great friends.
The sound was very loud. His mother took him to see what the planes looked like. He was so amazed at the sight that he was no longer scared.
He went flying and ended up on the ground. He hurt but could walk. The others were so far behind that he got back on and won.
When she refused to apologize she got a timeout. She finally said she was sorry. Her mom was not amused.
I make my own breakfast, carrying items from kitchen to living room. I made up a mnemonic device listing everything I need to prepare. This lets me take out everything I need for breakfast in one trip.
Cory's friend advised him to check the internet. When Cory searched for information, he found lots of knowledge. Cory was able to make an informed decision on his new cellphone.
One day after doing laundry she couldn't find the match. She went down to the laundry room to look, but the sock was not there. Kim depressed when she realized it was really lost.
As she was retrieving the cake from the car it spilled on the ground. She rushed back to the grocery store. The baker was able to design a cake in a matter of minutes.
She worked really hard to learn to do flips. After months of practice she finally did her first back flip. Now she can do lots of flips.
Deb slapped her on the back to show her approval of the joke. But she quickly remembered her friend had a sunburn! Deb's friend yelled out in pain and was upset the rest of the walk.
She stuck wildflowers and weeds all over a plain sun hat. Then she gave the hat to her aunt. Happy tears welled in old eyes as Lily's aunt accepted the hat.
She threw out the scale. She focused instead on how she looked and felt. Ana was much happier without the scale!
She hired a yacht crew to sail out to the open ocean. She waited for one hour and was about to give up. Suddenly, a dolphin appeared and Nalia was happy.
Simon didn't realize that someone had left the gate open. When the dog saw the open gate, she took off running after a rabbit. Simon was able to catch her when she stopped to sniff a fire hydrant.
I eventually relaxed and began to enjoy the ocean wildlife. I even got to see sharks up close! I can't wait to go SCUBA diving again!
She was so upset, she closed her store. Rob bought the store from Susie. He always locked the door.
She tried to skip steps and take shortcuts. But she only became more frustrated when she got the wrong answers. Jill quickly declared she was bad at math and gave up.
When he got to the concert, they thought he was a VIP. In the VIP section he got a bunch of free food and drinks. While in the VIP, he got to meet the band.
It was his mom. She came in and told him that his friend had passed away. It changed Alex forever.
She went in the woods with three perfect strangers. She slept with the weird strangers in a poppy field. She woke up in her own bed, didn't know where she'd been or with whom.
Although she doesn't speak with anyone, she likes being around people. She decides to spend more Sunday afternoons at the coffee shop. Janice notices that this habit makes her feel less lonely.
He saved up enough money for entrance. Then, he packed his bags and suit and went to the park. Larry had the most enjoyable day swimming he had ever had before.
Then he taught Matt the rules. He and matt began practicing. Soon they were playing baseball every day together!
He saw his bank account grow. He felt much less stressed. He became financially sound and much happier.
One kid asked him his favorite basketball player. Mitch told him it was LeBron James. Now the little kid calls him LeBron James instead of Mr Francis.
He started by eliminating sweets and fats from his diet. Then, he began a daily exercise regimen. After a month of these changes, he lost ten pounds!
Kelly couldn't believe she was heading to highschool next year. Her class threw a large party to celebrate. Kelly was elated.
He fell upon a dog with a broken leg. Ron took him home and nursed him back to health. Now Ron has a loyal watch dog for his goats.
Linda had no time to cook because of her job. She decided to try meal prepping on her day off. Linda was able to eat healthy all week with minimal effort.
All of a sudden, he saw a shooting star! Ricky captured the moment in his head. Ricky quickly made a wish afterwards.
The new bagel shop offered a one of a kind bagel. Ben went to the shop and saw a line out the door. Ben finally got his bagel after waiting in line for 90 minutes.
Every person he ever put in it had lost the match. Larry's last fight was for the championship. Within seconds the challenger beat Larry with a leg lock.
Ana didn't know how to put her hair in a bun. She asked her friend to do her hair. Ana's friend made her beautiful bun and Ana was happy.
On the other hand, she told the whole family about it during dinner. They started to ridicule me and call me names. As a result, I shaved off all of my hair to avoid the comments.
He entered a contest by calling radio station. He was the lucky caller that won and got to pick his prize. He picked up Goodyear tires for his car.
Henry picked up the cat and noticed it had no tag. He asked his neighbors if they knew the cat. Nobody recognized it, so he adopted it himself.
They watched the movie and thought it was funny. They left the theater and got dinner nearby. They enjoyed eating dinner and discussing the movie together.
He never did, so he didn't worry. Then one day at school as he was going down the stairs. He tripped on an untied lace and broke his wrist.
She went into her bedroom to change clothes. The kids went into the kitchen and ate the cookies. Grandma caught them and laughed.
They took x-rays and told him it was broken. They put a cost on it and sent him home. Several weeks later the cast was off and he was back to climbing.
Then she found an old record and put it on. She couldn't believe how it sounded. Records were even better than CDs!
However, Juanita enrolled in a baking course to learn. She practiced baking diligently. Finally Juanita baked a batch of delicious chocolate chip cookies.
They dated for several months. One day Ronnie told Sammie he thought her feet were ugly. They broke up immediately.
Then a cold front approached. It buried Anna's town in over a foot of snow! Anna was very happy that she could sled now!
In bed, she shut her eyes and tried to relax. Gradually she drifted into a peaceful sleep. Thankfully, when she awoke, the headache was gone.
Over the next month or so she attempted to get new clients. However, it was very hard to do since the salon had no walk-in hours. She decided to rent from a different salon instead.
Unbeknownst to him, their daughter had done the same! And their son had snuck some in, also! Mother was not happy when she realized her stew had been ruined.
On Christmas morning she went down to open gifts. She opened the biggest box first. It was exactly what she wanted!
They had grown from the seeds of fallen apples. Jimmy decided he would start an orchard. Jimmy started a successful business.
After pulling over, he found he had a flat tire. Ryan had removed his spare tire to make room in his truck. He now waits for a tow truck to show up with a spare tire.
His father came to help. He showed him how to do it. The boy found it very simple.
He began to research many historical accounts of facts. He became very knowledgable about history. He learned a lot about the world
Everybody grew up afraid of Ronnie. No one could remember ever actually seeing him fight though. Charlie called him out, he laughed it off admitting he was all talk.
A flock of city pigeons descended on Call almost instantly. He dropped his bagel and ran! The birds paid Cal no further interest as they ate his breakfast.
Studying psychology, he learned to evolve into what he wants to be. He says he wants to be hard enough to bust through bulletproof glass. Recently, he punched right through a bulletproof window.
A horse chariot was approaching the party. Elena was riding on top of the chariot. When she got out, everyone gave her a round of applause.
He thought he'd gotten away with it. Then he realized he had bright orange cheese all over his fingers. His mother didn't let him have dessert that night as punishment.
She couldn't get deeply asleep until the sun was already coming up. Thankfully, her husband let her sleep in that day. To thank him, she cleaned the whole house.
One time he took a fleece blanket and made an outline of his body. The finished product looked like he was lying on top of me. My mother was not pleased and wouldn't let me use the blanket.
At first Joe was scared. He finally got the guts to fish. He ended up catching five huge salmon.
My friend decided to join at the last minute. He decided to take a shortcut. Unfortunately it was right through the judge's area and he got caught.
He spent one hundred dollars. He finally got a winning ticket. He was the instant winner of a free ticket.
Narin hit a homerun on the very first pitch. The pitcher then struck him out every other time Narin was up. Narin was the first player cut from the team.
Without realizing it, he ventured out too far and got scared. An attentive lifeguard noticed and helped the boy back to shore. Davey now knew what summer job he wanted when he was old enough.
He was never scouted by a team and ended up giving up. He got his medical degree and now practices medicine. Now he wishes that he never gave up.
Mable and her cat were stranded inside. They only had cat food to eat. Thankfully, the cat was willing to share her food with Mabel.
Terry began to worry and went back inside. When he was inside he began to tell his family about what he saw. His daughter stepped forward and said that she stole and hid them.
The prices are too high and the theater is too crowded. All I kept hearing the whole time was people chewing popcorn. I think I'll just be watching movies at home going forward.
Jack and mike loved to make poles. One day they decided to start a metal pole fan club. Mike and jack are the only members of the club.
And the hundreds of tall factories caught his eye! Hong Kong was by far his favorite Chinese province. He couldn't wait to return!
One day, Greg encountered a new type of food. Greg did not like the new food. Greg did not eat the new food ever again.
In a club in Los Angeles AK's group was performing on stage. Charles was there. After the show Charles changed his rapping name to Bane.
On her drive in she blew out a tire. I wanted to go change the tire, but our second car wouldn't start. We both ended up getting towed to get our cars fixed.
So he bought special gum and patches to help him. It was hard, but he persevered. In a few months he had quit for good!
I was playing slot machines. My friend lost five hundred dollars. I won two hundred dollars
Suddenly I saw a rat running through my cabinet. I closed the cabinet and quickly called an inspector. After the inspector arrived and killed the rats, I felt very happy.
She answered the phone after a few rings. It was her mother on the phone. Mary talked to her mother for about an hour.
In a panic he tells her about the money. They get their old couch back. Dan ends up sleeping on that couch for the next week.
I set the board game up and worked through understanding it all. After the first game alone, I was ready to play with other people. My family played the board game with me and had a great time.
But she wanted her own bakery. So she took out a loan. Cece is now the owner of her own bakery.
One day Dave asked me out for lunch. I accepted and he raped me. I no longer trust any cops.
He found a place in the woods and was in heaven. Then his parents got sick and he moved back to the city. John once again longed for the country .
Alas, he was homeless so no one wanted to hire him. Eventually, he was offered a position as a cashier. Finally, Jon had a job!
The water got really hot. Tim had to run out of the shower immediately. His kid was laughing the whole time.
However, they ended up finding each other except me. They also left the party before I found them. My friend had to take me home from the party.
Then I picked out my favorite of all the bunnies they had. I took the bunny home and set up all of it's stuff. My bunny and I are happy living together.
Little Susie cried when her mom left her. Little Susie soon made friends. Little Susie loves going to daycare now.
Then she heard that a local hotel was looking for maids. Maria asked if they would hire her at her young age. She was overjoyed when they agreed to hire her right away!
Maurice found a terrific gray sweater that fit him well. Although it was expensive, Maurice bought the sweater. He was happy to have something warm to wear for winter.
Then, she sprayed it on the carpet. After that, she gently rubbed it with a towel. Luckily, there wasn't a stain left.
I lifted half of what my friend did, and I almost dropped the weight. When we moved to the leg exercises, I quit from exhaustion. I went into the locker room and packed up my bag for home.
He made a pile of all the logs that he cut. Rick put up a sign to sell his wood. Rick was able to make a lot of money selling the wood.
Todd reached out to many local music venues. He eventually became very popular with his live performances. Todd traveled all over the world on tour.
Her parents forbade her because she was too young. She ended up watching the movie at a friend's house. Now she is afraid that aliens will eat her brain at night.
When I couldn't find it, I asked my brother for help. He found it right away! I was embarrassed, but relieved.
She was stealthy as she crept down the empty hallway. She felt a rush of adrenaline as she grabbed the doorknob. To her dismay the door was locked.
She set up a concert fundraiser at the zoo. She played her favorite songs on a Saturday. The money from the concert helped the zoo with funds.
He was nervous. He decided to listen to music. After a while the music had him completely relaxed.
Suddenly, she felt something on her arm. She looked and saw a live lizard. She screamed and the lizard ran off.
It wouldn't turn on. His friend said to put it in a bowl of raw rice to absorb the water. Jimmy was skeptical, but in the morning his phone was fine.
Rachael told me about an antique store in her home town. We decided to give it a shot. To my pleasure, I found the perfect coffee table!
When she arrived at the picnic, there were not very many people there. Tina had a lot of fun with the small group that attended. She was happy she went after all.
I did my research, by going to the library and browsing the web. I put together my thesis on the German diplomat. The teacher gave me an A.
Then she noticed tons of tubs full of nuts. When no one was looking, she grabbed a handful. She snacked on the nuts while her mom finished shopping.
She eventually bought 8 ounces of it for 20 dollars. She thought it tasted okay. But after finishing it, she regret her decision of buying it.
Dana always kept a watchful eye over her students. During nap time one student began to have a seizure. Dana reacted immediately and saved her student's life!
Then I smoked weed all day. My friends came over and we played video games. It was a wonderful Sunday.
She wasn't sure she could do it. While she climbed, she just tried her best. She made it to the top of the rope.
There was nothing to watch, so Mark played a game on his phone. Eventually Mark fell asleep. His phone dropped from his hands and broke.
Once the train arrived it was already very full. Bill was uncomfortable getting on such a full train. The train left without Bill and he waited for the next train.
Richard notices that Spot is getting older, but he tries to ignore it. One day Spot gets sick and dies. Richard has lost not only his best friend, but his only friend.
Around early evening, it was time to eat. I carved the turkey, and we enjoyed our meal and talked. After dinner, we had some pies that my wife baked.
I didn't reply and continued to sleep. However, the sound on my phone went off 10 more times. The next day, my friend told me that she was drunk that day.
Gina was upset with Rita for choosing Mary over her. But she was happy that at least Tami was on her side. Gina now knew who her real friends were.
He got great seats and went with some friends. The show was great and he had a really good time. He hopes they come back soon so that he could see them again.
They walked into the club. Everyone was giving them attention. They felt anxious and then left.
I watched about ten minutes. I fell asleep in the chair. I did not know Alabama won until I woke up in the morning.
They were offering horse rides to all of the kids. Karen was too scared to ride the horse. Then, a cowboy gave her a pep talk and she worked up the courage.
His guides advised him to check out High Street. There, he found dozens of amazing stores. Neil found souvenirs for everybody on his list!
When all hope seemed lost, he decided to put himself out there. He also started working out and became more confident. Overall, his life changed for the better.
Neither of us studied. We stealthily exchanged answers. Both of us passed the test.
The audience smiled as she started her first piece. To her surprise it was not as scary as she thought it would be. Laura took a bow and the crowd went wild.
The chef kept the soup on the stove until it boiled. Kyle was presented with the hot soup. He tasted it and burned his mouth.
Kim began to laugh at how slow the old woman was. And she burst out laughing when her dentures fell on the keyboard. Kim continued to laugh and smile as she was kicked out of the library.
Dan gets a date with a waitress Sam has had a crush on for years. Sam is so jealous he sends Dan to a hotel. Before Dan leaves for home Sam calls and apologizes.
One night her dad took her swimming in the pool. They swam for an hour. Then, they went to bed.
His music was so loud she could hear it in her house. She waited for him to turn the music off, but he didn't. 20 minutes late Jane had a headache and was more tense than before.
Worse it was red and off putting. Dan bought a Berkey filter system for his counter. Now he can drink his own well water.
When she got her food, she noticed it wasn't what she ordered. Cara found a salad, parfait, and chicken wrap. But she thought it would be a good idea to eat healthier food.
He tried to scrub it out but to no avail. From that day on, he was known as Doctor Spot. He never liked that name.
He really hoped to win! But Ty did not win the jackpot. He was angry at himself for wasting so much money.
He tried to mimic his movements and actions. Tom wasn't as good as Gordon at cooking. Tom ended up burning all of his food.
I have been saving for months because I'm going to all of them. My friends agreed to go to most of them with me. Tomorrow I'm booking my first movie ticket!
Kim's car got stuck in the street blocking traffic. She and her brother shoveled the snow behind the car and in the street. It took 30 minutes to move enough snow to park the car.
After the ball dropped at midnight, the crowd dispersed. With so many people around, Emily became separated from the group. She frantically texted and found her friends at a nearby bar.
He went to Walmart to buy some home decor. He bought some house plants. His new apartment looked great with the new plants.
One of the worst team members was up to bat. Don yelled out words of encouragement to support him. The team member then swung his bat and won the game for his team.
She waited in her room frightened that her mother would find out. Her mom then knocked on her room door noticing Linda had not left. Linda panicked and told her mom that she had slept in by mistake.
David begged for just one story before bed. His mother relented and started to tell him a story. David thankfully fell asleep before long.
Once in the kitchen I make my lunch and keep an eye on the time. When I am done making my lunch, I realize that I'm going to be late. I leave through the kitchen door, go outside, and run to the bus stop.
When she arrived home, she found a music box her grandma gave her. Mary presented it to her granddaughter. Her granddaughter thanked her with a hug.
I set up a blanket and ate snacks while the movie played. I finished the movie and picked up my stuff. I went back to my car and drove home.
Juan finds the food and architecture in Vietnam stunning. He comes back with many wonderful memories. Juan is very happy that he took such an amazing trip.
But Mary did not love Johnny. Johnny seen Mary kissing his best friend. Johnny was heartbroken.
She heated up the pan and cracked the eggs. Once the eggs started cooking, she added the other ingredients. The omelets cooked and everyone enjoyed a nice meal together.
He had to rush through his morning routine. He was ten minutes late to work! Luckily, his boss did not notice.
Luckily the first day she made a new friend. Her name was lily. From that day forward, the two were best friends for Years.
After the remodeling was finished, most people liked the changes. But Jim no longer felt the same connection with the mall. He no longer walked around the mall.
He designed the layout himself. It wasn't until he met an architect that he realized why he couldn't. Instead he payed someone else to do a better job.
I looked and saw a cardinal perched on the side door. It had struck the window by accident. It was fine and flew away.
He called his friends to come help him build it. They made ladders and slides to go in and out of it. The treehouse became a great place to play.
She filled it with ants. Then she watched them dig their tunnels. Ana was enraptured by her ant farm!
She began to find stamps and sort them. She conducted research to learn more about the stamps. Lisa enjoyed her new hobby.
They made me sit in grass and take a picture. I was so mad, that I refused to smile and put grass in my mouth. They still snapped the picture, and kept it to this day.
There wasn't much in the house to eat. She made a bowl of cereal and went back to bed. She ate cereal while watching reruns of old TV shows.
Arnold's wife sat down next to them, and they talked about the rabbit. While they were reminiscing, Arnold felt the rabbit grow still. Tears fell as Arnold held his pet for the very last time.
His mom heard the noise. When she saw the glass on the ground, she got frustrated. Gary was forced to stay in his room all day.
A few seconds later, the pipe beneath the sink bursted. Water flew everywhere on the ground. My mom had to call the plumber to fix the pipe.
When she got there she found that she didn't have any clean glasses. She looked for a coffee mug to drink out of, but there were none. Eventually Janet just drank water out of a bowl.
One performance, she forgot she wasn't wearing underwear. It was televised, and the whole world saw her private parts. Gia cried and gave up on her dreams of dancing.
The girls had fun. Unfortunately Tina had an accident and fell. Therefore the girls spent a lot of time at the hospital.
The classroom door was locked. The teacher had locked it. She doesn't accept late students.
At state they were facing their rivals. In the last shootout, they were tied. They ended up winning and became the state champs.
The game lasted all day, they were both very good. At the end of the day they finished with the same score. Phil realized he was good, but there are a lot of people just as good.
Mary yells at the umpire in frustration. The umpire takes offense and penalizes Mary. Mary is remorseful about her actions, but is still penalized.
It's also hard to learn about. But it's all worth it in the end. The resulting armor is among my most prized possessions.
But that night, she took a hot shower. Naya forgot that permed hair couldn't get wet! Her curls all fell flat!
He had a big load to carry, but he didn't complain during the walk. Upon arrival they discovered the pool was closed. In a daze, he complained loudly all the way home.
She preheated the oven according to the directions. After the oven was ready she put the cookies in to bake. Norma ate the delicious cookies after they were finished baking.
One day she adopted a young puppy. Although having a puppy was a lot of work, she was happy. Janice finally felt slightly less lonely.
Finally she agrees to buy a pair of jeans for the weekend. She loves the way she looks in her new jeans. Erica wishes she hadn't always been so formal.
I could fit into a very thin pair of jeans. I woke up to my overweight body. I thought it was a nice dream.
I went to a corner store to purchase it. I purchased some gum but the total was 25 cents extra. I gave Lizzy her gum, but I didn't tell her I paid extra.
I put on my gloves and went outside. I picked weeds for a few hours. After I picked the weeds, the yard looked much better.
Finally he decides to quit in order to become a zookeeper. His first few Year's at the zoo are difficult but rewarding. Carson is so happy he left his job in television.
The day came up soon. They were very excited. Tim and his wife had a great time on their trip.
She wouldn't be able to replace the chips till they stopped for gas. Her brother laughed and showed her the empty bag. Gina's mom dropped her face into her hands.
None of the boys liked her. She worked hard and lost 40 pounds. She thinks she is a pretty girl now.
Her husband had taken the family car to work. A quick call and she was waiting for the taxi. She got in and they were off to the store!
He returned to America in a state of depression. But, he was determined to make the best of his situation. He started a non-profit for deaf veterans and was successful!
We browsed the different categories. I ended up grabbing a mystery and my wife a non fiction. We are now excited to read more of these books.
However, one day he decided to apply for classes at a college. He was admitted to take classes at the school. Ronald felt proud that he finally was going to college.
She hoped to see a mermaid! She tried to scan the entire ocean. But after weeks, she had not seen any mermaids.
However, it was never better than his grandmother's pie. One day Johnny and his grandmother decided to make pie together. He found that working together made the best pie he had ever tasted.
We had trouble starting our campfire, but finally got it going. We slept very well, in the fresh air, though we heard some odd noises. The next morning, the ranger told us that a bear had been spotted.
He visited the dentist for routine checkup and cleaning. The dentist cleaned his teeth. The dentist also gave him a clean bill of health.
He had tossed the receipt and was nervous he couldn't return it. He drove back to the store and explained what happened to the manager. The store gladly returned the tablet for Paul.
The told him to look through the lost and found. Joe found a pair like his but they were not his. Joe took them and stop looked for his pair.
A few kids were feeding them bread. Jake let them know that was bad for the ducks. He gave the kids some food pellets instead.
Unfortunately, it was too cold. She couldn't stay in for more than ten seconds without being too cold. Instead, she sent her husband in to get what she needed.
The water was expensive, but he bought it anyway. Erin was excited and ran outside with his water to drink it. He dropped the water bottle and lost his water and money.
It took her a while, but finally the cookies were done. She packed them up and took them to the party. The cookies were well-received!
We floated down the river for 2 hours. I got a lot of sun. We had a really fun day.
I wasn't able to wake up in time to make it. It seems that I set it for PM instead of AM. Now I'm being reprimanded at work.
During school, Ethan tripped a little girl and made her cry. He also lost his homework. Ethan's parents cancelled their vacation.
A car pulled into the driveway. Gina worried it would be someone else she didn't like. To her delight her sister stepped out of the car.
Then he went into the submarine. It was amazing and complex in there. Kyo loved the intricate design of the navy submarine!
Ben opened a box that was a toaster. Meisha opened a box that was a toaster identical to Ben's. They laughed about the duplicate gifts.
Sara collected suntan lotion, a towel, and a bathing suit. Careful to keep everything straight she laid it on the deck outside. Sara finally relaxed as she let the sunny day brown her tender skin.
During the party, Elena constantly tried to reach Yany. Yany knew she was calling and didn't respond. The next day, Yany lied to Elena on why she couldn't come.
There was also a skinny guy who wanted some advice on weightlifting. The body builder told him all of his secrets. Six months later, the skinny guy could bench press 200 lbs!
She had a meet this weekend. Her parents eagerly watched her run in the race. Her parents cheered when Erica placed 1st place.
He ordered a replacement screen for $20 off of eBay. He got the screen in the mail the next day. Bob repaired his phone with the tutorial video that he watched online.
We took the car to the cleaner. After scrubbing for a while, the car looked great. On the way home it decided to start raining again.
He beat the sticks like drums. Many people stopped to hear the music. Joe ended up playing for thirty happy people.
Terry noticed John was a fast worker. Terry asked John for tips. John advised Terry to try and move the mouse faster.
He also desired something adventurous. He decided to climb a mountain. He climbed a mountain and felt like he fulfilled a dream.
Fred ran outside to see what was going on. The noise got very loud, and three large jets flew overhead. Fred watched them fly off into the horizon then went back inside.
On one attempt, Alexia dropped the ball on her toe by accident. She screamed in pain. However luckily she did not have to go to the ER.
She later got invited to come be a guest anchor on their news show. She accepted, becoming well-known in her town. Now, Ann is the lead anchor of a major national news program!
I tried to get it out of my house but could not trap it. I moved all my furniture and boxes. The lizard finally died in the house.
She rummaged in the cupboard for something fast. She settled on a bowl of cereal. Essie was satisfied with her quick breakfast.
The tide drew me out Before I knew I couldn't feel the ground. I had to wave over someone to help me back to shore.
Everyone would tell me how much they loved my sisters pancakes. I asked my sister how she makes her pancakes. I now use my sisters methods and my pancakes are perfect!
He seemed very tame and friendly, so we named him Wadley. After a month of feeding Wadley, he showed up with 17 kids and a wife! We now have a total of 19 ducks.
He made a note of this gain for tax purposes later on in the year. This quarter made the 50th dollar he found that year. The man figured at that rate he'll have $60 by December.
She put oil and a cup of popcorn kernels in the kettle on the burner. The kids got excited as the popcorn overflowed the kettle. Debbie laughed and pretended she did it on purpose.
Pete gathered all the wood and materials, and was excited to start. But 10 minutes into building, Seth wandered off to play video games. He realized his son didn't care about the project as much as he did.
I thanked him and put it aside for years. I suffered a stroke in 2011 and cannot use my left hand. I use the paperweight often now to hold things down when I write.
I sneaked several cookies through that window and gobbled them up. Mom later asked me how I thought the box was three cookies short. I told her it must have been a counting error at the factory!
So the Don decided to become King! The Don fought many enemies and finally triumphed! With the help of his friends the Don made his country great again.
Larry joined the military as a pilot and got a bachelor's degree. Larry applied to become an astronaut and was accepted. Larry is now very happy with his life as an astronaut.
Margaret hates spicy food. Regardless, she accepted the challenge. Margaret did not even come close to winning.
Suddenly, Kevin felt a sharp pain in his foot. He looked down and saw he was badly stabbed by a pufferfish. They swam to shore, and Kevin's girlfriend called 911 for help.
I spent some time preparing his food. After preparing the food I fed him. He ate every single bit!
He put on speakers. He forgot about the bluetooth speakers. Eventually his neighbors walked downstairs to complain.
The driver fled his car. Police arrived and closed the road. No one was seriously injured  but we missed the  concert .
The sweater was a light gray and cashmere from J Crew. Janie always felt confident and cool while wearing the garment. When she wore it to school, she got many compliments.
Lily however was not. Lily did not want to go to that island. She put up a fight and decided not to go.
She was so hurt. She wanted to work things out. He left her for another woman.
Bob fell and broke his leg. Bob called a friend on his cell phone. Bob was rescued and was more careful from then on.
But the drawers were loose, and opened too easily. Gina worried that her jewelry could fall out of the drawers. Just then she tripped on her own shoe.
In the room she saw her brother fast asleep. She snuck up to him ever so quietly. Then Devious screamed as loud as she could and gave him a fright!
A heckler frustrates Carrie and she says offensive things. The crowd is offended and leaves. Carrie is no longer a comedian.
The next night they saw the kitten while driving in their car. Kevin got out and walked toward the cat to try and catch it. He ran back to the car fast when he realized it was really a skunk.
His wife did all the cooking so he got to relax all morning. After a holiday feast, he would help with the dishes. Then he got to watch football all afternoon.
He asked his boss for a vacation. Tim fly to Canada the next day. He spent the weekend visiting his grandparents.
His friend suggested the Bible. Tom agreed that was an important book to read. Tom read the Bible.
I saw the slushies and they grabbed my attention. I bought a slushie and went to my car. I went home and drank the slush while watching the news.
He liked the book club so much that he decided to join another one. Jim is reading two books a week and is barely keeping up. Jim is thinking about quitting one of the book clubs.
Some of the responses George received were very negative. George reviewed his feedback so he could make needed improvements. He improved the application and it was a success.
His moderate strength helped him discover he had a talent for it! The next year, he applied himself and joined the wrestling team. This gave him confidence, good health, and a clear career path.
One friend was busy on weekends. Another could not go during the week! Then Julie decided to plan the trip for a holiday, when all could go!
Boris applied to many apprenticeships instead of for college. He began to work at a small butchery. After many years, Boris has his own shop and was very happy.
So he decided to practice swimming at his friend's house. But he swam there so often that he didn't need his own pool. Ian was glad that he learned how to swim though.
She stopped her car and ran to get help from the other horse riders. Fiona along with the other owners herded the horses back into pasture. The horses were safe and Fiona could now go for a ride.
My friend saw this once, and wanted to try the same thing. He mistakenly put the whole beet in without cutting it. I told him his mistake, and he was more successful the next time.
For Casey's birthday they decided to surprise her. They got a puppy without her knowing. Casey got the puppy and was super happy!
To my delight they were delicious. I immediately went out to buy more. I also recommended them to my friends.
A loud couple sat on the seats next to him. He moved again, finding a quiet corner. He sneezed, prompting a nearby librarian to shush him.
As they chewed, their faces registered distaste. The casserole was terrible, but they didn't want to hurt her feelings! They all lied and told Ella the casserole was delicious.
One day a music producer heard him performing. The producer asked Steve to meet with him to discuss business. Steve got to sign to a record label and make his first album.
He has been growing dissatisfied with new games. As such, his review scores have been going down. His audience deems him out of touch and is moving away.
While there, he was bitten by a snake. He got very sick but did not die. Gary will never go back to the Grand Canyon.
The ground was covered in snow! She couldn't wait to go outside to build a snowman. She hurried through breakfast so that she could go play.
He slaved over the stove for hours. He presented the meal to his girlfriend. She loved it.
One girl told Roz the stone looked like a fake diamond. Roz began to have doubts about the ring. Then she began doubting her boyfriend's love.
Suddenly her bracelet caught in the yarn. Her stocking got a huge rip through it. Aubrey was so upset but luckily her mom was able to fix it.
My mother said she did not believe he was a liar. One week later my mother called me crying. She told me that she caught her new husband cheating on her.
It didn't make any sense to Lisa. She didn't respond. Blaine didn't understand why she ignored him!
Then it hit me. We have a big physics exam today! My heart sunk, because I had no hope of passing.
First he had to do all of his school work. Finally, he went to have some cereal. Unfortunately, he discovered that his cereal had gone stale.
There was an old antique store for sale. He put an offer in on the building. The seller accepted his offer.
She searched the house in a frenzy. No coffee was found. She immediately threw her clothes on and ran to a nearby Starbucks.
Everyone waited quietly for Beth to enter. She was shocked when she saw everyone. Beth was so happy since she thought no one cared to give her a shower.
He decided to be funny and throw water balloon at me. The water balloon missed me and hit the tv. The tv the fizzled and was broken.
She also bought some chickens for eggs. She tended to her garden and chickens. After a while, Leah had fresh vegetables and eggs for free.
The kids went down the slide and I caught them. We also all swang on the swings. After the park we walked home and had a snack.
She came home and raved about the sweet treat she had eaten. She took us all out last night to the same restaurant. We all ate the brownie sundae for dessert.
Nobody knew Sara was allergic to chocolate. Sara ate a slice of the cake. She got very sick and threw up.
Dean and his wife had a talk about children. His wife felt the same way that he did about children. They both decided to have a child and raise a family together.
He spilled cleaning fluid everywhere. The living room carpet was soaked. Chuck was proud that he cleaned the carpets that day.
He has set each one up with a diet and exercise plan. He loves that he gets to help people reach their fitness goals. He also loves that he gets paid to work out!
Mike told his boss he needed money badly. His boss decided to give him a $1000 bonus! Mike left work happy with his bonus.
I came into the house shivering. A hot shower didn't even warm me up. I slept with six blankets that night.
Tom decided to take a break to go to the pharmacy. Tom obtained some medication and it made him feel better. Tom returned to work and was very productive.
After a month, it tripled in size. As a result, she wanted to go through treatment. Her chemotherapy session started the next day.
But Henrik had a mind of his own. He dismayed his parents by becoming a hairdresser. Only after he built a chain of successful salons where they mollified.
She picked out some sandals, and the clerk fainted. Another customer saw and called an ambulance. The ambulance came and took the clerk away, and Jane left.
The machine was used 30 minutes every single day. By the time a month had ended she was much fitter. She felt quite pleased and proud of herself.
It took a very long time for them to get used to each other. Eventually, they settled their differences. Now his dogs are inseparable.
His friends made fun of him. One day he practiced being careful with his hands. He never dropped anything again.
By the time he was done, the sun was setting. Exhausted, Aaron collected all of his items and headed home. He got a good night's sleep and came back out the next day.
One Friday she lost track of time while at a party. She tried to sneak in at 12:40 by crawling through the window. She was put on restriction when her father caught her.
When getting to the DMV it was crowded people everywhere. Bertha took her number and sat down until called up. The test was taken and bertha passed and got her license.
Suddenly, they pulled into a parking lot. He looked around and saw animal decorations. He realized they were at the zoo!
His mother took his temperature and called the doctor. She made an appointment for later that afternoon. The little boy would feel better soon.
Robert waited until the last day to begin the essay. Robert decided to copy an essay he found online. Robert's teacher found out what he did and gave him a failing grade.
Lily was orange and fluffy. Julie was happy to finally have a pet of her own. Julie is excited to have Lily in her life.
When Brad got paid from work the next day, Nate called him. He tried to ask if they can hang out for tomorrow. Brad immediately hung up.
She had her mom teach her how to make spaghetti. Sara prepared the meal. It was a great success.
She took her paintings to a fair to sell. She set for three hour without selling any paintings. Then a man came and bought them all for his gallery.
She reluctantly agreed to try it. But when she dipped her shrimp in the sauce and tasted, she smiled. The cocktail sauce actually made Ada enjoy the shrimp!
As soon as I opened the container it smelled terrible. The milk had spoiled. Now I have to go buy more.
He happily drove his car to the beach. Once there he took his surfboard from the roof. Ted knew it was going to be a great surfing day.
Later she picked out a spot to put her garden. Sally plowed up the ground. Next she planted her seeds.
Angelo hurriedly looked for the owner's name. He managed to find a name and contact the owner. The owner was so happy to have the wallet back, he nearly cried!
My wife was driving down the street. The sister in law said to slow down. We laughed as the speedometer read 20 mph.
While walking the dog, Willie often whistled. The neighbors moved one day without notice. Willie bo longer walks the dog.
I was unable to get the radio to work. I decided to buy a new radio. I threw my old radio away.
Sam sipped the coffee and knew that she gave him regular coffee. When she came back with his food he called her out. The server hung her head in shame and Sam gave her a low tip.
Then she saw three smaller snails following the first one. Alex watched and waited for all the snails to cross the sidewalk. She felt happy knowing that the snail family made it safely across.
Gina didn't want to hug him in public. She was embarrassed kids from her school might see her. She gave him a quick hug and hopped in the car.
Stan finally got a prescription for air sickness On his next flight, Stan took his medicine and he didn't get sick. Stan now volunteers to fly because he no longer gets sick.
While the other kids were climbing ropes he was playing video games. He thought he was very clever back then. But as he hung from a cliff by a vine he marveled at the irony.
Unsure what to do, he just hung out in the yard. He was cold and bored for a really long time. Finally, she let him back inside after she calmed down.
He found a little duck trying to get to the pond He pushed past the wind and rescued the duck The duck was able to join up with his family because of billy
Coco refused the vaccine. Coco then contracted Malaria in Malaysia. Coco realized that vaccines are a good idea.
He pinched the bridge of his nose with his fingers. He leaned forward and waited. After ten minutes, Robert was happy that the bleeding had stopped.
Janice's dad found out and grounded her for a week. He also took all of the money out of her wallet. She couldn't do anything besides sleep.
Traffic had been detoured from the interstate. Finally, the road was reopened. The bridge developed a huge crack and the road was closed.
The two locked eyes and had a moment. At the same time they leaned in and kissed each other. The moment was surreal.
I decided to invest to help my friend. I wasn't expecting to ever see my investment again. However, the business was a hit and I made a nice return.
Suddenly, a truck rammed into the side of my car. I woke up in the hospital a week later. The doctors said I had broken six ribs in the car accident.
He loves his burger, but the chicken left much to be desired. Ernest complained. He got a free soda.
George got somewhat drunk and started dancing. He met a girl named Alice and they hit it off well. George started to feel like he could start living again.
One day, a man caught Jon in the act. Jon tried to run away but the man tackled him. Jon was sent to prison for theft.
Inti provides free soccer training, as well as remedial English. A lot of the Inti kids need after school tutoring. I hope It continues to help the poor kids of Manchester.
One day he forgot to fasten the hood latch after starting the car. The hood flew open and hit the windshield while he was driving. He was okay, but the windshield was smashed to pieces.
The dress was gold and red and absolutely stunning. I immediately took it and tried it on. The way the dress fit was amazing and I immediately purchased it.
Jimmy would spy on her with his dad's hunting binoculars. One day the neighbor's dad came knocking on the door. Jimmy had been caught spying on his daughter!
Kyle thanked him and mentioned that it was actually a fake watch. Kyle's boss was amazed and told everyone to look at his watch. Kyle became embarrassed of this weird attention.
They came up with a plan. She started the new diet with confidence. In the end, she lost twenty pounds and felt great about it.
He took a risk by uploading a "Let's Play" of a popular game. He gained a lot of subscribers and quit his plumbing job. He now plays video games for an actual living.
Just as the battle was beginning to turn, the volcano erupted The older man begged the other to stop fighting so they could escape. The man refused and soon his foolishness cost him his life.
Colin had forgot all the words. His friend Trudy ran out onto the ice and whispered to him the words. Colin sang the anthem with Trudy's help.
She found out they hired middle school volunteers. They offered her a summer internship! She loved working at the library all summer.
Blake worked hard to save more money. Finally he had enough to buy a guitar. Now he plays every day.
The brownies just turned into an ugly green-brown color. All his guests were unsure if they should eat them. Jim ate five in a row to prove that they were still good to eat.
Jeb sprained his ankle. He went to the doctor to get an ankle wrap. Eventually Jeb's ankle was fully recovered
It was strangely empty and quiet. I realized the problem. It was too hot!
She exercised for a while to try to calm down. That didn't work though. Finally she took anxiety medicine to feel better.
Ashley had bought him a cell phone a month ago. This was right around the time when his grades started slipping. Ashley took the cellphone away from her son as punishment.
She entered a contest where the first prize was a photography class. Unfortunately, a boy named Rufus took the first prize instead. Though she hadn't won, Beverly was determined to be a photographer.
Unfortunately however, he was nervous. When he saw Lucy he finally got the courage to ask her. Luckily she said yes.
When the teacher pressed the stapler. It landed on Brad's finger. He ended up with a bruise.
It didn't feel right so he quickly became frustrated. He learned he was left handed later. He continued to be insecure about his handwriting.
It refused to go back out the window. I had to chase it around. Eventually I killed it with a newspaper.
It did not help her at all. Then she chewed some Tums. They helped to settle her aching stomach.
Bill's phone went flying and landed on the floor with a loud thud. When he picked it up the screen was smashed. The next day Bill bought a new phone.
Her mom stopped her as she was about to leave for school. Her mom told her that school was canceled due to the snowstorm. Kim was elated and spent the rest of her day watching movies.
They decided to pay the money to go on top. Their legs hurt from all the walking. WHen they saw the top, they realized it was worth it.
The four of them gathered around the dinner table. Kate relaxed as she realized they were not that intimidating. At the end of the night, she liked them a lot.
His parents decided to make him work at the restaurant They figured if he can't work, he might as well help the family. Now he works 4 times a week.
One day, he told himself he would lose weight no matter what. So he exercised for many months every single day. In one year he was fit and no longer overweight.
During the final test he had to demonstrate some advanced hairstyles. On the very last hair cut his hand twitched and the scissors slipped. He not only cut off the customer's ear but he failed the last test.
Michael did not ask for them because he knew they were expensive. His dad saw him looking at the orange shoes through the store window. His dad asked him if he thought they had his size as he walked in.
His mother usually helped him with the hard parts. This time, he tried to make it himself. Unfortunately, he measured wrong, and the dip was too spicy to eat.
The fisherman cast his line to get their attention. A fish grabbed the line and yanked it hard. This caused the fisherman to fall over in the river with a splash.
They decided to buy a pregnancy test to make sure. The test came up negative. They got more to make sure and they said the same.
He was resented by his coworkers, and the customers of his company. One day, an angry mob formed, and they threatened Paul. Paul backed down, and he moved to France.
Then she learned needlework. Tia made all kinds of crafts. She really loved her crafting class!
While waiting for the truck she counted the cars going in the tunnel. By the time the truck came she counted 133 cars. By the time she left the area she counted 274 cars.
The ball was half as tall as Rick. Rick ran and jumped on the ball, but he fell. Rick cried when daddy took the ball away.
She said the house of the sleep-over was infested with bed bugs. Joy was glad when she heard the sleep-over was cancelled. But Joy's mom heard of the infestation and made her clean the house.
Suddenly, the people found him. they started bothering him more. He deleted it.
Sally nervously asked Jane out to dinner. Jane happily accepted Sally's proposal. Sally and Jane have been happy together for over a year now.
Matthew is very proud of the progress he has made. He shows off his new skill to anyone who visits the house. The visitors tell him he sounds great even though it isn't true.
He wanted to demonstrate them to me. I was obviously uncomfortable letting in a stranger with knives. He continued to try as I shut the door.
Consequently, he failed all of his midterms. Shawn realized that he must go to class if he wants to pass. Shawn started going to class and he passed all of his finals.
However, he lost his plane ticket. He was sad. However, the pilot said he could ride for free.
The light fell on the ground and broke. The cave explorer felt around in the dark for his spare. He couldn't find it and had to crawl out of the cave.
On her first day, she found out what hard work it was. However, at the end of the day, her tips were worth all that work. Teresa has learned to really enjoy waitressing.
The bank associate kept asking if his parents knew he was doing this. The short man cursed at the associate for being so rude. The associate laughed because it was funny to hear such a man curse.
Larry swims laps in the pool for about twenty minutes. He leaves the pool feeling exhilarated. Larry is very happy that he has finally used the pool
But his teacher caught him and called him out! She made Sam apologize in front of the whole class. Sam was mortified.
She was ready to skydive two weeks later. Rachel went up in the airplane. She then jumped out of the airplane!
He proudly strode on to the court, head held high. A basketball hit him in the nose at high speed, making it bleed. Shawn now plays chess, still donned in sportswear.
Sam handed the man a sack of mail and asked him to help. The man saluted Sam and agreed. They abandoned the truck and finished the route.
A lot of friends attended the event. We ate burgers. At the end of the night we watched fireworks.
I didn't want to do something wrong. I tried to do my best. Everything turned out fine.
She decided to buy cardboard boxes and aluminum foil. She cut swords out of cardboard and wrapped them in foil. All the kids at the party had fun playing with their safe weapons.
I ordered my favorite singer's biography online. I read the biography from front to back. I discovered proof in the book the singer's sister was gay.
She was afraid of worms. So her dad bought her fake bait. Sue didn't mind baiting her hook anymore.
Tim slipped on the banana peel. He landed on his wrist. Tim ended up spraining his wrist.
Although she got paid today, she didn't want to spend any money. We argued for several minutes. Overall, we ended up eating leftovers from the fridge.
Later in the night he got severely sick. Tom had to go to the hospital. It turned out he had food poisoning.
She wondered what to do as her stomach grumbled. Maia realized that no one would see what she did. Two minutes later, the cake was gone, and Maia was very happy.
He was practicing on the track one day. But he twisted his ankle badly. He foot grew two times the normal size that day.
The string broke and the kite flew up into the stratosphere. Lighting struck the kite and it flew down to earth. Wendy looked upon her broken kite and cried.
Tim was shaking as he was eating his dinner. Suddenly he spilled his dinner all over his pants. His date laughed and Tim was embarrassed.
One time, a big cat got angry and chased Ernesto back. Ernesto got really scared and run away. He came back to his house to ask for hugs.
But she loved posters of any group. After reading the magazine she carefully removed the staples. She didn't put holes in the posters by ripping them out.
She walked the aisles to see what she felt like eating. She stopped in front of the seaweed snacks. She happily took her snacks home.
The entire office heard several bickering noises. The boss approached the girls. He dismissed them from work.
Eventually she figured she would just get a variety of his favorite. Instead of paying, she tried to steal them. She got away with it and he got drunk.
First Marcie started itching, then Darrel. They went to bed still scratching their legs. In the morning they discovered ticks in their bedrolls.
She has a raid tomorrow night with her guild. Her computer won't turn on this morning. A guild member sent her a power supply and it fixed the problem.
Ida approached him and comforted him. Then she led him to the front of the store. There, she paged the boy's mother.
Ashamed she looked at the ground. When instructed she entered his office and took a seat. Gina knew she was in a lot of trouble
I walked back to my desk to enjoy my cake. Kevin saw that I was eating the cake. He told me his wife had made it the night before.
A friend, Bruce, wanted to see who could throw the farthest. They each threw 10 passes. Johnny out-threw Bruce by 20 yards!
Becky's volleyball coach told her to stop chewing while playing. Even though she had been warned, Becky continued to chew. Becky got gum stuck in her throat while playing a game.
He went to tutoring three times a week. He ended up getting an A- in the class. He's thankful that he got help for it.
The kids were all very excited. They arrived at the museum and had a fun time coloring their own art. The kids and Miss Susie got on the bus to go back to school.
They had fun playing in the river. Her family ended the day cooking dinner on a campfire. They were all very tired when they got home.
Alas, Jimmy was hardheaded, and would not listen. Instead of destroying the barracks, Jimmy went to the jungle. Jimmy was fired for insubordination.
When Same dropped a dish his father freaked out. He got so angry that he beat him with his belt. Same never forgave him for that night.
They got mad and decided to ignore me that day. When I passed them in school, they made fun of me. They also smacked my book bag on the ground.
I bought new workout clothes to look good while exercising. My first day at the gym was exhausting. I don't know how long I will keep my resolution.
He was cutting some wood. A piece flew up and hit his eye. Tom went blind in that eye.
He wasn't excited about knitting but was glad to help homeless people. Much to his surprise he found he liked to knit. That night at home he knitted two more scarves to donate.
She auditioned for the orange box dance company. There were a lot of potential ballerinas at the competition. Shirley got the part as lead ballerina in the Nutcracker.
A beautiful lady came in and looked friendly. So Egypt started meowing, meowing, scratching and showing her belly. Her antics worked and the lady adopted her.
Mary rushed Luna to the vet where they told her Luna needed surgery. Mary agreed to the surgery. Hours later she was told Luna she could take Luna home.
She brought me sugar cookies. I wrote her a poem when I left. She gave me a hug.
I blew it out easily. Asked her why there weren't fifty candles. She said the cake wasn't big enough.
He looked up different window treatment options online. Tim was able to find a couple that matched his decor. He copied the looks and it fit great.
The show was to Balmain. I was ecstatic. I couldn't wait to go.
He ran too fast and dropped his phone. His phone screen had cracked. He picked the phone up and walked home sadly.
The man approached Mark and his son. He offered the little boy a toy from the bag. Mark thanked the man as his son picked a toy.
One day Lucy thought about getting rid of her land line phone. Nobody uses it now since they have cell phones. Lucy got rid of it and now saved herself an extra monthly bill.
But the song just wasn't her style. She finally gave up and played the other song on the CD. Gina realized she may not want to buy a whole album from this artist.
Henry spoke to his building manager about the issue. The manager promised to see the issue resolved. Henry's showers were as hot as he wanted from then on.
We were in her place today. We found she had borrowed her son's Naproxen. We counseled her on drug abuse but she refused to listen.
They put on old clothes and boots. They jumped around in the puddle for hours. They were covered in mud from head to toe by the time they went in.
Will drove to his nearby Baskin-Robbins ice cream shop. Will ordered a chocolate milkshake. As he drank the shake, Will congratulated himself on a solid choice.
John went to his shed and pulled out his lawn mower. After starting it up, John began to mow his lawn. He worked for an hour, and then his yard looked great again.
As she got on the turnpike there was traffic backed up for miles. She was stuck with the car in park for over an hour. Finally she had decided that she should probably just go home.
Her nails were perfectly filed. They were painted and dried. She left with a beautiful nails and complete satisfaction.
He started looking at his radio. He veered to the side of the lane. Jake hit another car and both crashed.
While Jenna was delivering them, some bullies tried to steal them. Jenna's grandma rushed out of the house, wielding a broom. The bullies made a hasty retreat.
He walked to the big snowy hill. Jason climbed to the top with his sled. Jason went down the big hill on his sled.
Summer was ending. It was almost time for her favorite seasons. Jenny loves autumn.
They took selfies hugging each other. Charles was offended and made a record disrespecting Common. Common tried to ignore the insult but the song went viral.
She did crunches at night too. Soon she noticed improvement. Ina kept with her program until she had washboard abs!
When the light turned green Roger raced the man. Roger left the other car behind but he crashed in his excitement. Roger learned his lesson and never raced again.
Many customers were frightened. The snake crawled into the mice cage. The snake ate two mice.
When she was ten, her grandfather became very ill. After a few months of illness, her grandfather passed away. Jacque missed him terribly, but always felt better while star gazing.
Luke got a small bowl and filled it up. After he was done, he decided to have another, and then another. Luke ate five bowls, and then couldn't eat his dinner.
She spent almost a full day watching the lake. She saw all kinds of boaters and tourists. But she did not see any monsters at all!
There were a lot of grains of sand he could see. He tried to count them. He failed because there was too much sand.
He could barely hear his television. Angrily, he pounded on the floor with a broom handle. The neighbors must have heard because the volume went down right away.
The next weekend Ling Chao showed up at her doorstep. He said he wanted to meet her in person since she was so ill. Laura said she just had a cold and that she wasn't going to die.
One day, Donna found a wedding ring under a hotel bed. She researched to find it's owner. Upon return, the owner thanked her many times.
Frank loved showing the colorful little creature to his friends. He would give it bugs and fresh water every morning. The frog was a great new addition to his house!
Barry was later known as a professional best. Barry continued running and setting records. Still to this day, Barry is known as being better than all the rest.
He was excited until he looked down. He took a deep breath, jumping in. He laughed all the way to the bottom!
When Wes tried scuba diving he got severe pain in his head. The head pain was caused by sinus pressure in deep water. Wes decided to stick to snorkeling in shallow water.
Kim got on the highway since she wanted to get home. The wind was high and hard on the highway. Kim's small compact car was being pushed about as she drove home.
I got great grades in school, and excelled in my studies. Toward the end of my schooling, my school shutdown. I was devastated, but decided to do massage therapy on my own.
Lily was thrilled and happy. At least she now looked better. At the dance everyone complimented her on the pearls.
He pedaled as fast as he could. The snake tried to run with him. Jon had never been so nervous in his life.
Joe was surprised at how much he improved. But he lost to his friend the second time they played. Joe was satisfied that the score was much closer though.
Since she had no choice she washed her clothes in the washers. When she returned home her clothes smelled sour. The high efficiency washer needed to be cleaned and ruined her wash.
I rode a pony named Dash. Dash got his name because he was faster than the bigger horses. Me and Dash got to the end of the trail before anyone else.
Once inside, they quickly lost contact with each other. The various ghosts and ghouls frightened the wits out of the kids. The kids emerged from the house, sweaty but satisfied.
She prayed to God and nothing happened. Her heart closed day by day. Until eventually she had lost all faith.
They didn't like his answers. He was put into a detention center. Nick is now happy to be home.
They were a bit worn out from being used too much. Ricky ordered a new pair of speakers online. They arrived in the mail the next day.
She did not want to miss work because she was sick. When Diana started to get ready for work she got dizzy. She decided to take a sick day and felt better within 24 hours
I washed the deodorant off my face and got dressed. I then grabbed some deodorant and went looking for my brother. I found him in the basement and wiped deodorant all over his face.
He brought the pot to a boil and started to cook. Simon invited all of his friends over to try the soup. As he was moving the soup to the table, he tripped and spilled it!
Once, he entered a contest at a game to win a mystery prize. To enter, he had to write a story about his favorite player. Sam won, and the prize was dinner with his favorite player!
Annie had just graduated from cosmetology school and was glad to help. On the day of the performance the cousins were both excited. The ballet was beautiful and so was Hope!
What could it be. Carl explored the kitchen and found out. It was love!
Then his buddy Cam agreed to work out together. The two guys chatted as they exercised. In just weeks, each boy had built big muscles!
John wanted to be respected. John trained himself for dodgeball. John played the game, won it for his team and gained respect.
One day he tries jumping into a lake but he slips and breaks his leg. Now Mike needs to wear a cast for almost 6 months. Mike starts to regret his adventurous nature.
Her father forgot to put the pool cover on today. It was storming all night. Luckily the pool was fine and the family enjoyed swimming all day.
They had cool cabins and hideouts in the woods. One day they told me there were skeletons in the trees to scare me. Since I was little, they did not want me around.
Mario felt bad for the bird and spared the tree. He then went out to buy a fake tree instead. He is much happier with his choice now.
He'd bet the whole family's fortune on the final round. He'd lost it, of course. Dan couldn't bear to face his family after the game.
He tried to make his way down the aisles. There were just too many people. Jeeves left.
With a little help, she started her business. She discovered that many people liked soft leggings. Her business is quite successful.
They spent 1 day looking for him. He ended up being at the hotel. Their road trip would have many adventures to come.
Gina went to her teacher requesting his desk be moved. The teacher was hesitant initially. But Gina convinced her it would be best for the class.
To make things easier she drew a map of her yard. In the far right corner she drew in a shed. Sam liked the way that this map looked with the shed.
They stopped in front of candy stand. Keigan and her sister got cotton candy. They then made their way to the ferris wheel.
Mom tried calling him just to make sure he was there. She never got an answer to her phone calls. The kids found him dead in his office.
Dior began applying for jobs everywhere he could. He ended up with three jobs offers. Dior accepted all three offers and now eats a more balanced dinner.
I found some for only one dollar a pound. However, I didn't know what kind of meat it was. I ended up taking it home and eating it all.
Bill edited his document so that his report was in blue ink. Bill sent the new document to the printer. Bill's boss was glad that Bill was able to do his work on time.
However he knew that it wouldn't. He had an idea. He bought a camera to capture all of the memories.
Jake leaped at the chance and got his gear ready. He was very excited when they got the fishing spot. Jake wound up catching a big tuna that day and was very happy.
Naturally, he developed skin cancer. Luckily, he beat the cancer. Then, he dedicated his life to teaching others about skin safety.
They had a picnic and drank lemonade. They drank beer and watched the stars. Tim fell for her.
When he opened the door to get the dog back in, he was surprised. A few yards from the house, the dog was playing with another animal. It was a small deer that seemed to think it was a dog, too.
Her daughter is trying to cheer her up. They are going to Aruba next week. We hope she will feel better.
This summer when they arrived at the cabin. Sam seen there was a hole in the wall. He cut down a tree and fixed it.
She decided to make banana chip on her own. But after tasting her homemade banana chips she was disappointed. It's not delicious that's why she decided to buy outside.
All of those pal's words said nasty things. This led the pals to having an argument about the intentions. The pals fought so much they didn't even finish the game.
But she decided to do the right thing and call the cat's owner. The owner was so happy, she promised Me one of the kittens. So Em finally got her cat after all!
Blackmailing didn't work, so he started following and harassing him. The man hurried away, and right into traffic and a speeding bus! Chucky tripped, knocking the doctor out of the way, and got hit.
So he began working after school washing dishes. Soon Ron had saved enough to buy his own car. He loved it all the more because he had earned it!
I ran outside. Within seconds I was covered in pollen. I ran back in sneezing like a crazy person.
When she looked in the mirror it looked great. Unfortunately it grew back too soon. Kelly had to go back and get it done.
John and Mike started to play catch. And the other boys noticed them. The four boys decided to all play catch together.
She decided not to cook or have sex with him. He assured her he had plenty of money and no mistress. She didn't stop nagging so he punched her in the eye.
I decided to teach her. She crashed the car on the first day. I gave up and enrolled her in driving classes.
Then she adds her favorite bubbles. She usually falls asleep in the bathtub when she does this. Her bubble bath relaxes her and helps her sleep.
His son Timmy ate the last banana for breakfast. Jim went to the market to buy more but he didn't find any bananas. Jim's mom came over for a surprise visit and brought bananas.
Nancy said that crying over someone isn't worth it. The next day, Haley ran into Nancy. She was trying when her boyfriend dumped her.
When I was eating I noticed a competition entry on the bag. It asks you to submit your flavor for a chance to win. I'm still waiting for my cheeto flavor idea.
He did not think he would ever make any friends. He finally met some people and became popular. Joe decided he liked his new school.
I pushed and shoved to no avail. I had to wait a week for the snow to melt. In all that time I was unable to check my mail.
He told the wife to hurry up and go home. The wife didn't listen and they stayed out two more hours. When they got home there was a big fight.
There were a lot of children, and a singer. My wife masqueraded as Sponge Bob, and I wore a transit outfit. We had a lot of fun, and took plenty of photos.
My fingers were too short to reach all the keys I needed to. Over time, I grew and improved. By the time I was 15 Year's old I could play Beethoven.
She went to the kitchen and got another glass. She poured what was left of her wine into it. Wren carefully through the cracked glass away in the trash.
They all put their snowboards up publicly. Tim noticed his was missing. He looked everywhere but never got it back.
He put on his spare and took the tire to the tire shop. The mechanic was able to get the nail out of the tire for free. Bill did not have to buy a new tire and was very happy.
One day I just stopped caring. My lover came back with the same old same old stuff. I divorced him and never looked back.
She was always eating it. She asked for a gift card to a candy store. She received 3 that year.
Unfortunately, she had no ideas. She laughed as a squirrel ran by being chased a goose. She jumped up suddenly, filled with inspiration after the funny sight.
They decided to take their time and stop at lakes to swim, everyday. It was a hot summer, and those hours spent swimming cooled them off. These lake breaks made the trip longer, but well worth it.
Glenn and Ed ordered room service at the hotel. They ate their food and talked about sightseeing activities. They both decided to go to the Montreal Canadiens game the next day.
When she started to write her paper she was distracted by her friends. They had stopped by to hang out with her. The next day, Emily's paper was not done.
the bus ended up coming early. he got on the bus He arrived on time
The night before it was due, she panicked. She had read almost nothing! She had to stay up until almost 3AM to finish the novel.
There was even a large cash reward offered for news of him. But Jim managed to avoid recapture. The authorities never spotted him again.
After months of pestering, she relents. Two weeks later her house is destroyed in a fire. She thanks Dan for saving her money.
She hadn't meant to fall asleep but soon hours passed. When she woke up she found her brushed hardened with paint. The hard bristles were entirely ruined.
She decided to take a walk to the candy shop. While there she bought five pounds of candy. Lacy now has a cavity.
Then she began looking at cooking pots and pans. She selected a perfect wok. She couldn't wait to get home and cook in it!
She ran through the neighborhood looking for the end of it. She ran all the way into the woods just to find a tree at the end. Becky returned home a sad, but wiser girl.
He liked his music, but longed for companionship. He searched dating websites for potential girlfriends. He is now dating Sally who he is madly in love with.
His computer was also destroyed. Apparently a co-worker had been fired and got his revenge. Mark had to replace his computer as soon as possible.
He wore them with shorts. Jay liked when people commented on his crazy socks. He went to the store to buy more crazy socks!
Her father dragged the boy into the house. Gina stood on the porch listening through the screen door. He was in big trouble, and Gina loved every minute of it.
Between Friday and Saturday night, snow fell non-stop. Some people were excited, while others worried for their comfort. On Sunday morning, the massive snowfall was there for all to see.
After eating all his food, he ordered crab. They brought him the crab, but he didn't like the taste. He paid his bill and left the restaurant.
So, one day, he asked his neighbor to stop mowing so early. Tim's neighbor apologized and agreed to mow his lawn after 9 am. After this, Tim was able to sleep-in longer on Sundays.
When Sherry got older she turned her love for animals into a career. She went to veterinarian school and earned her DVM degree. Now she happily and passionately cares for animals for a living.
Her friend Beth ran up to see if she had gotten the watch. She showed Beth the one she had instead. Beth told Amy the one she had was better than the one she wanted.
My driveway is all covered. I started clearing it out a bit. Then it started snowing again.
He saw that there would be extreme flooding in his area soon. Desmond executed his emergency flood plan. He evacuated with the essentials just before his house floated away.
Both lost track of times. Tom's girlfriend freaked out because her dad was upset. He had to take her back immediately.
Sally and I studied all week. Sally got a B and I got a C. The Professor was right about the test being difficult.
He placed an ad and waited for a buyer to call. Jake told the buyer about all the car's good points. When he finished, Jake had convinced himself to keep the car.
Eventually he let me read it out loud on my own. I went to school one day and showed my abilities. My teachers were astounded that I could read at so young.
One day, a man stopped by their farm and asked to speak with them. He said that was a writing a song and hoped they might help him. He eventually wrote a song about their farm which was loved by many.
She was supposed to meet a friend for lunch at the same time. She called to cancel lunch with her friend. Her friend understood and they made plans for another day.
She didn't realize that the light turned red. Danielle drove through the red light. The police gave her a ticket.
One night after they went to sleep they got into a water fight. They went at it and soaked each other. Even the curtains were dripping when they mother looked in on them.
The first day, the class spent hours drawing primitive shapes. Rick became quickly bored. And he decided he didn't want to learn how to draw anymore.
I did not know why. They finally showed me how to eat it with a fork. I was so happy that I learned how to eat pasta.
They decided to practice for two extra hours before their next game. They lost the game by 50 points. Larry decided that no matter how hard you try, you can't teach height.
Tom invited friends over to eat. When they cut into the steak they were still bloody. Tom just threw the steaks back on the grill.
When he went back to school all the kids wanted to sign it. All day people stopped him to add something to his cast. It was full from top to bottom by the time he got home.
He took his dog Pugsley. They tried to find the cow. Pugsley found a cow in the woods.
She knew she would be scared when they started popping in her mouth. She gave her some while their parents weren't paying attention. Her sister started was so scared she started to cry.
They were all different shapes and sizes. I couldn't pick which one I wanted so I just kept picking up new dogs. My brother though was stuck on one, and she became Lady.
Mack eventually moved out to the country. The country was so quiet that Mack had trouble falling asleep. Mack played a tape of car noises at night to help him fall asleep.
The angry neighbor ran out of his house. He yelled at boys. They run away as fast as possible.
They tried to get Lisa to tease the new girl, too. Lisa, realizing how mean the popular girls were, refused. Instead, she became best friends with the new girl!
Then one day an old neighbor offered to give Ken his collie dog! Ken was thrilled to accept! He named his dog Lassie, and they quickly became best friends.
I cooked it in a rush. It was uncooked and I got an upset stomach. I realized I should make sure my rice is cooked completely.
George signed himself up and trained hard to win. On the day of the contest, he was totally ready. George got third place in the contest out of 80 people.
He wasn't ready for the sudden jolting stop. He fell off and landed on his hands. He broke both of his arms.
One day his pumpkin was so big he couldn't move it. John got his dad to help. They took it to the fair.
She was told she would be working in the stockroom. She was to take things out of boxes to put on the floor. Amy was happy her job seemed like it would be easy.
He had been studying for weeks. He got to the test and went blank. Chris failed his first test.
It was fun and easy. We only got in each other's way a little. The food was delicious and we plan to do it again soon.
As she licked the ice cream, the wasp stinger her tongue. All her neck was getting swollen. Her husband took her to the hospital immediately.
He decided not to read the instructions. After an hour, he had barely done anything. He then read the instructions and the rest was easy.
Her teacher called her aside and said he wanted Irene to sing a solo. Irene was thrilled but nervous, and she practiced for days. On concert night, everyone agreed Irene sang wonderfully!
He decided to open a money market account for his grandson. Within months, his investment grew. Chase will be able to go to college one day.
Peeling it off, she realized it was an old used band aid. She thought she might be sick as she hurried out of the pool. She decided never to swim in a public pool again.
One day he decided to see if anyone he knew still lived in them. He knocked on the door of a house he sold back in 1974. Now he and his former customer play chess once a week at the Senior Center.
They break really easily so I tried to keep it safe. I put it in a special place at night and protected it in the car. I was so concerned about the bar that I wasn't worried about the SAT!
The next morning she told her mom about the dream but mom laughed. She was embarrassed to tell her dad about how scared she was. Finally she told him and he just hugged her and told her he loved her.
Emma failed the test. The next time there was a test, she studied extra hard. Emma did well on that test and improved her grade.
I like to add mustard, ketchup and pickles to them. I usually eat hamburgers 2 times a month. I think I will cook one this weekend.
They were on the road for 10-15 minutes. In addition, Ben noticed that the driver passed his stop. He began to head towards an abandoned house.
Jen tearfully explained she was worried her mom would get cancer. Her mom bought some nicotine gum and tried to quit smoking. She succeeded and now Jen's not worried about her mom getting cancer.
But she was allergic. So she took allergy pills. And Tabitha bought a cat the next day.
One store had it in their lost and found. Unfortunately the cash was gone. Tom was glad to have gotten everything back at least.
I got in the water and soon a huge wave took me under. My curled up body did somersaults and I finally emerged disoriented. I decided then to never get back in the water in Witsand.
Billy didn't have a lot of money. He decided to buy a keg, instead. He had enough beer and money left over.
Brandon picked a basket full of Avocados from his garden. He posted on facebook he had Avocados for sell for one dollar. Then he posted his price is ten cents less than grocery stores.
She went through a mental list of what she planned to do for the week. Then the thoughts flowed and she let her pen flow across the paper. The final list was made and she was ready to go shop.
Neil honked his horn to warn the other driver. He swerved to get out of the way. Neil successfully avoided an accident.
He prints signs and spreads the word about an upcoming show. The show has a lot of buzz. The show sells out and Elvis is very happy.
The cousin announced that she was pregnant earning cheers. Helen was annoyed at her cousin for stealing the attention. Still she didn't want to seem rude so she didn't say anything.
She didn't want a thief to ever find her diamond necklace. Unfortunately, Eleanor's husband, Harry, was losing his memory. He threw the jar of old beans out along with the expensive necklace!
The view was breathtaking. I felt alive and in touch with nature. I took plenty of pictures before coming back.
So Joe went to the store to get some. He got these very nice smelling candles. He lit the candles on before she came.
He used turkey and bacon and mustard. He ate it quickly. He felt much better after eating.
His mouth was always red from eating them. Some people told him he shouldn't eat them. But he still does everyday.
She called the person and told them about the wallet. Katie was happy she was able to return the wallet. The owner rewarded her with a small amount of cash.
His managers were impressed by his numbers. They made him Employee of the Year! This made Phill happy to continue working hard.
I made him my inspiration to have proper diet so he could noticed me. So i had my diet and proper exercise. Then i realized you can do anything if you have inspiration for it.
Then she decorated her house. Soon Pam's friends arrived and began dancing. Everyone had a fantastic time at Pam's party!
He was not sure what the lights were, and drove home quickly. As he got home and turned on the TV, the news was on. The reporter said a meteor shower had occurred, so he was let down.
She had to teach herself everyday. Thankfully she learned within a few months. When she was was three months in she was fluent.
I opened the door to look outside. There was a coyote in the yard! The dogs chased the coyote away.
When she went off to change, she got locked in a closet by accident! It took an hour to find her, and she was in tears. She was happy that she was found in a different dress, though!
She also, slept in late everyday. She started one day, waking up in the morning. She feels a lot better about herself.
Ann bought a set of ornaments for her tree. She carried the box inside and tripped. All of the ornaments broke.
Once, Joe tried out wheelchair rugby. He wasn't sure how people would react to him being able bodied. It turned out that they were happy that he was supporting the sport.
Bob came across a forum called the MTG. He talked on this forum and was very happy to be involved. Bob eventually game a lead moderator of the MTG!
So she decided to go to a church service. Susie realized she was in the right place. She officially became a Christian.
Jane decided to take a day to think about it. She called the lawyer a week late and told him to proceed. A week later Jack signed the papers somberly.
At the next stop I was getting a soda from the vending machine. A  woman was looking for change in her purse to get her son a snack. I gave them the rest of my change and walked off feeling good.
Her bosses took notice. They called her into their office and offered her a promotion. She happily accepted.
One approached their car. Zack rolled down the window and reached out his hand. The zebra bit down on his hand and ran off!
Inside was a dead body. Martin flipped out and called the cops. They told him they were busy and to call back later.
The blizzard hit and closed the school and roads. Joey heard that several people had died in the snowstorm. Joey felt guilty about praying for a snow day.
When her birthday came up, her friends knew what music to choose. They made a big Abba compilation so they could dance all night. Harriet had the best birthday of her life that year.
Finally Ana called the Sanctuary's vet. The vet promised to call the sanctuary to straighten it out. Ana was able to bring her bird home at last.
It was about 2 am when we took our trash to the dumpster. Upon arriving there, we saw a bear eating from it! We quickly ran back to our tent.
She tried to get him to take a bite but he refused. Nothing she offered was interesting to him. She decided to give up but luckily he ate shortly after.
He gave me an exercise program. I followed the program for three months. I lost the thirty pounds!
She was afraid, but she remembered her survival skills. She stayed put and waited for help. Luckily, Bambi's friends found her soon after.
Paul took note of important topics discussed. After doing more research online, he finally decided. Paul felt good making an informed decision.
He promised to raise the children as Christian. His mother tried to describe Jewish wedding customs at the rehearsal. He asked his mother to stop talking.
Finally he tries tuning the guitar. Now his guitar sounds great! Jasper is so happy he guitar sounds good again.
In addition, Chad wanted to sell various foods at the fete. Chad also wanted to have a live concert at the fete as well. Chad could not wait for the children to enjoy the school fete.
They went for Chinese food. The food was terrible. But they liked each other and wanted to see each other again.
She took the platter into the dining room. When she returned to the kitchen, the turkey was gone. She found her dog laying in his bed chewing on it!
Dan was excited to visit the Star Wars exhibit. The kids took pictures with their favorite characters. Dan and the kids had a great time at Disney World.
The other day, however, he saw an Asian girl standing alone outside. He drove up on the side of her and asked for her company. She took his money for sex, then the police came from behind his car.
My teacher says I have been absent a lot. She was mistaken. She confused me with another student.
Giles began going twice a week, once for legs and once for arms. Giles lost his motivation to get to the gym around mid-year. Giles canceled the membership when the term was up.
Trying to face his fear, Bob went to a pet shop to buy a tarantula. When he got to the pet shop, but they didn't have any spiders. Bob is still afraid of spiders, but now he owns a parrot.
They delivered it to her house in fifteen minutes. She opened the cartons and smelled how delicious it was. She dug into her Chinese food with relish!
He made a few country songs and put them online. They got surprisingly popular. Tim became a popular country star.
She found about 30 little black teeth. She took them home and made a bracelet with them. She presented the bracelet to her father for his birthday.
She knew vacation wouldn't last forever. The moment she woke up she didn't want to get up. The only positive was that she could see her friends.
When my son was only 5 he was able to drive a backhoe. He now mows our lawn with a full size tractor. He has gotten a lot of confidence because of this.
Billy got very scared one day. He chewed a hole in Millie's bedroom door. Millie does not want to dogsit Billy again.
Last Friday night, he met a girl who invited him to a car wash. The following morning Charles drove to the car wash. The girl was a blond supermodel washing cars in a wet t-shirt.
A man named Julio flirted with her inside the restaurant. They went on a date, fell in love and got married. After marrying Julio, Michelle stopped buying breakfast burritos.
He would jump out of his bedroom window. Jake hid for awhile and jumped out at the perfect moment. His little brother was terrified.
He took a tour to learn about Egyptian history. Then he visited restaurants to taste Egyptian cuisine. Neil found that he really loved Egypt!
Charles and his coworker switched shifts so he could work with Regina. The coworker wanted to take a break and Regina started arguing. He e-mailed Charles and the boss saying Regina was contentious.
He decided to sell his gold ring. He went to the pawn shop to sell the ring. He finally had enough money to pay his rent.
The rap battle began and Marshall rapped better than anyone there. Marshall won the rap battle and was awarded a medal. He eventually became famous and was awarded many other medals.
Dan was captivated by the dancers. He was thrilled by the show. Dan started going to performances every chance he got.
She was very naive and sweet, and he didn't want to ruin it. So, he erased his Facebook, Twitter and got a new phone. He convinced his new girl that he was a good guy with no past.
His wife said he should enter a contest to build his confidence. Adelbert did, and came in third place. Thus did he gain the courage to write a book on Frogs.
His mom told him he had to wait. It was Todd's birthday. His mom got him a big fish.
They began to peel in layers. I was annoyed because they were also breaking. I gave up and decided to keep them short.
When Bob gets to the restaurant he is horrified. The blind date is his sister. They both agree to never tell anyone before leaving immediately.
She has all these plans to have kids with her husband. They just returned from the honeymoon! She's now ready to start a family with her new husband!
This irritated him. He decided to punch the radio. It completely broke.
His mom went to the shoe store. She found his perfect size. He put on his new shoes.
She tried to rush the ice cream back home to him. By the time it got there though, it had melted all over. Luckily, Zach still enjoyed the melty mess.
The people who stayed there did very bad things. The house later burned to the ground. Now that old house will never be the same.
A girl was standing in a nearby classroom doorway as I picked them up. She smiled at me and said that when she grew up, she was having girls. 23 years later, she's my wife and we have two girls - and a boy.
Finally he decides to enroll in night classes to finish his degree. He works very hard until all his courses are finished. Steve is very proud that he finished college.
But only one box caught my attention. I decided to open it because it was so attractive. As i open it, it was full of my old pictures when i was still a baby.
During the race he saw another runner trip and fall. Instead of racing he stopped to help the injured runner. He didn't win the race that day, but he won himself a new friend.
Her roommate opened the door and stood ready. Something is burning my dear, Carla said. The roommate checked her mini oven, crumbs were burning on her tray.
After a nice meal we realized neither had money. We decided to just dine and ditch. It was thrilling and we got away with it.
But after a few swallows, she stopped. The milk tasted strange. Sniffing the jug, she frowned to find that it was spoiled!
But his dad said everyone had to pitch in. After a couple hours, they were done. Finally, Timothy was able to go play ball.
She helps her dad load the washing machine. Her stuffed animal goes missing! Kira cries when they can't find her stuffed animal!
With permission from her mother she joined us. They were caught in inappropriate situations several times. I took her home and grounded him for his poor choices.
He took Tia into waist-deep water and showed her simple strokes. Tia emulated his sleek, easy movements as best she could. Soon she was swimming easily, like an old pro!
They started to blame every error and mistake on him. Jerry finally couldn't take how he was treated anymore. He decided to quit his job and retire early.
It was half a mile up the road by the church. All the kids walked there, even in the winter. They had a big potbelly stove to keep warm.
I said I was looking up a birthday gift for her. She knew I was lying. Now I'm not allowed to use the computer.
Half way through the run he realized he did not have his inhaler. He felt an asthma attack coming on. Bernard turned around to go back to his house for his inhaler.
He went home and changed his clothes, then went to the bar. Rick had a few drinks and felt very relaxed. Rick took a cab home and got a good night's rest.
The first phase you are suppose to eat a lot and lift heavy weights. The second phase you scale back the food and do lots of cardio. Apparently if you do these two things you will look amazing.
She checked all over the house and found the sponge under the bed. Judy had no idea how the sponge got there but she was happy. She cleaned the entire bathroom with the sponge that went missing.
As the balloon rose into the air, Jeffrey took a leap. He caught the balloon in mid-air. Then he looked down and fell three stories to the ground.
She thought she had the right direction and lead her mom. Then, she realized that she had gotten it wrong. Her mom was annoyed and made her switch jobs.
He asked her what was wrong and she was unhappy as well. They both went their separate ways. Graham is much happier being single.
She begged her husband to help her. He didn't want to help her though. Anita begrudgingly went to work wrapping the gifts by herself.
Anna asked her neighbor to keep her dog tied up. Anna's neighbor refused to keep the dog on a leash. Anna and her neighbor are no longer speaking to each other.
I didn't know how to swim at the time. Nonetheless I disobeyed and almost drowned. Because of disobedience I had my first near death experience.
When he got home, he was being very sneaky. Maddie was cuddling on the couch when he came out with some stuff. On a tray, he had her medicine, and a surprise bowl of ice cream.
He was excited to finally get the beats. He picked out the studio version. When he finally used them, it was well worth it
He went into the other room and had me close my eyes. Then he made a lot of noise like he was carrying something heavy. When I opened my eyes he was down on one knee!
The appointment was in the morning. Fred drove the doctor that morning. His doctor prescribed him new glasses.
Then one night he heard about a shooting in town. That pushed him over the edge. He decided right then to move as soon as possible.
He made a pasted and began to create a canoe with the paper. Once it dried he gave it a waterproof finish. He took his new canoe to the lake and paddled around.
He spent every minute of every day planning escape. Eventually he discovered a way out and took it. He lived a happy life after he got out.
The owner tells him he makes all the shoes by hand. Jim orders a pair, the owner works hard but realizes he messed up. The owner made a mistake and decided to make Jim two pairs at no cost.
The view was incredible from the helicopter. We even got to wear the headsets that the pilot gets to wear! I will never forget that experience in my life.
All of a sudden, there was smoke coming out of her oven. Jackie had to quickly call the fire department. The firemen saved her house but Jackie did not get any pizza.
While she's there, she sketches landscape. Sandra saw a boat coming in to dock. She quickly sketched it into her piece.
While at the gym Johnny ended up making friends and enjoying himself. Johnny quickly understood that everyone at the gym was there to help. Ever since, Johnny has been the first to offer new people assistance.
Jay had trouble walking home without laces. When he was home he used twine to make new laces. Jay took some aspirin to numb the pain of the attack and slept.
Thomas got himself a glass of punch. He got distracted by someone talking to him. He started walking, and tripped, spilling punch all over his friend.
Before they had a chance to eat, a large noise startled them. A bear had crept up behind them and was sniffing at the food. Brad and his family ran away and left the food for the bear.
But then she saw what her mom was pointing at. Her mouth fell open in awe. There was a rare and beautiful double rainbow overhead!
While frying the pancetta, Samantha set Jake's apartment on fire. Samantha and Jake barely escaped with their lives. Jake dumped Samantha, but she got asked on a date by a fireman.
John accepted the challenge and played the young child. After a nail biting game, the young child was one move from winning. In frustration John flipped the board and quit the tournament.
He browsed many vehicles. He test drove one he liked. He purchased the vehicle.
He tried to control what she did, wore, and who she saw. After enough time Hannah became scared to leave him. However, she eventually had the strength to move on.
I was excited to see how it was. It was really loud. It is really an exciting sport to watch.
She was so good at piano, that she wrote her own music for it. This piece became a huge success in the classical music world. Lottie was glad she could spread her love of piano to others.
When I opened the door I say a huge hole in the yard. I asked my dogs which one had dug the hole, but they both hid. My little dogs had to sleep outside last night.
He got home and could not find them. He looked everywhere. It turns out he left them in the car.
One day, Melanie heard more than wind. She went outside to investigate the new sound. Melanie realized that the strange noise was coming from a cricket.
He decided he would work with it and still play. He did not tell anyone. He ended up puking on the field
Jen set off the same way she hoped the runners had gone. Molly refused to follow and tried to drag Jen in a different direction. The dog sniffed the ground and led Jen to catch up with her friends.
Malcolm's friend owned a small grocery store. He was looking for stock boys. Malcom's son went apply at the grocery store.
During the ride, it began to rainy. They had not prepared for this. They were drenched by the time the balloon landed.
Then he had to grab his parents and siblings. He washed all the clothes together. Then he had to set the dryer to 2 hours.
The day before the party Jill asked her why she hadn't RSPV'd. Lizzy was invited but the invitation hadn't gotten to her. She told Jill she would be there.
Kim was worried it would hit harder. The next morning there was a call saying work was cancelled. The hurricane had been upgraded to category 4.
We got an email saying UPS did not deliver the book. I was upset and contacted Amazon. They refunded me.
She fell in love with a orange tabby named Butters. Izzy decided to adopt Butters. They went home together, happy as can be.
They removed the pumpkin guts. They carved faces in the pumpkins. Grammy and the grandchildren had a marvelous time.
I went to my boss's office. Then, I ask him if I can receive a small pay raise. We negotiated and eventually I got the raise.
As she reached the very last store, she sighed because she was tired. She went in anyway, and there right in front was a perfect bag. She took it to the counter and paid right away, and went home happy.
He felt very passionate and decided to get involved himself. For the next few weeks he devoted his time to sharing info. Luckily he managed to raise lots of money for the group.
A thunderstorm hit unexpectedly. My power went out for an hour. I lost the last five pages of text I had written.
Everyone talked their recipe up as being the spiciest. Tom went around trying different ones. He was disappointed to find out that none were that spicy.
She decided to check it out. At the sale, she found an awesome bike basket. She bought it and put it on her bike.
So they went and bought a mansion. Then her husband was let go. The couple panicked and the home had to go to the bank.
I laughed as he tried to rip off the plastic for 20 minutes. In the end I just called him an ambulance. In retrospect I should've realized off the bat that he was bleeding.
She began to scream help as she was going into labor! She sat down under a shady tree and bore down to push. Five minutes later, she delivered her baby with the help of passersby.
30 minutes later, he noticed a pot of oatmeal on the stove. He thought it would be ruined. But it was the best oatmeal he ever tasted.
Then I ordered the parts, which cost nearly 1,200 dollars. I devoted a Saturday to building the machine. It worked beautifully and I've used that PC ever since.
There was only news and cartoons on the 4 channels she had. She found the news depressing and never watched it. She lay in bed watching Muppet Babies.
It was a pretty bad idea. Tim had too much energy and crashed soon. He napped for hours.
Mari wanted to go see the baby panda. She took her children that very day. They all loved the baby panda.
Then she spotted one bug embedded in her dough. She was so grossed out she threw it all away. With her second try she was much more watchful.
Eventually, he drove up and hit the side of my car. I immediately stopped however, he kept driving. Since I couldn't file a report, I was mad.
In the summertime he always took part in historical reenactments. He decided the perfect career for him was to be a teacher. After college he became a history professor.
Unfortunately it was raining so she couldn't have it outside. Kelsi immediately took her friends inside. Although inside, the girls still enjoyed the party.
Eventually he went to a doctor. The doctor found Tim's problem. They were able to treat it appropriately.
The family packed up toys, foods and towels. They arrived at their favorite sandy beach. Margot grabbed her towel and ran towards the water.
One day, she forgot to close a window. Her kitten squeezed through the window and escaped. Wendy looked and looked but never found her lost kitten.
Will changed lanes. And the person who was behind him pulled up next to him. The person threw food and trash at Will's car.
Aya didn't think she needed one, but she took one anyway. At the shore, it grew windy and chilly. Aya was glad she'd listened to her mom after all!
It did not taste good. She found out milk was old. She poured the coffee into the sing.
However hours later her ears turned green. Kelly was appalled. She realized she was allergic.
Chuck tried to fight the situation but nothing seemed to work. His hotel would close that very day. Chuck was sure to keep some things to remember it by.
He ordered his men to water down the old wood. Aaron began digging line to create a boundary. Their efforts worked, and Aaron got a commendation.
The cat moved from the former sunspot on the floor up to the bed. He found a soft blanket and curled up there. The cat slept there for the next two hours.
She also began eating better. Sue started seeing a difference. She was ready to sport her bikini body.
She tried to find the best cheaper alternative. It began to seem like there were no good toys. Suddenly she saw the perfect affordable toy.
She came across a shelf full of dusty jars with vegetables inside. Joan saw the dates were very old so the vegetables were spoiled. She packed the jars, dusted them, and put them on a shelf at home.
While walking along the sidewalk, the sun's rays hit her dress. It blinded a driver, causing him to careen into a fire hydrant. Water burst from the hydrant, soaking Beverly and her pretty dress.
He took it to work with him. John shared his cake with his fellow workers. Everyone loved it.
They practiced after school and challenged Joel and Justin. After a good match Nate had pinned Justin. Zach and Nate were the new tag team champions of the neighborhood.
When I listened to the song it was great. I happened to love it. I recommended it to all my friends.
Then she bought two pairs of shoes with support. My son bought a lot of work clothes. They came back in the early evening.
Chad rode his bike to the ballpark. He met some of his favorite players after the game. Chad left the ballpark with a huge smile!
Her parents were scared something might happen. Finally they conceded to Lana that she was old enough. Lana was allowed to walk to school if she carried her phone.
She learned her friends had made a pregnancy pact and declined to join. Her friends thought she was being a stuck up snob. Clara graduated and went to college while her friends had to drop out.
He figured he would live there forever. Then he met a girl named Juniper. They were married and Juniper wanted to move so they did.
She test drove a few cars. Lucy applied for financing and was approved. Lucy picked out a new Kia and drove her fabulous car home.
While walking home from school, Cam decided to taste the toffee. One candy led to another, and Cam ended up eating all the candy. Cam's stomach ache made him regret doing such a foolish thing.
One day Molly was being chased by bees. Molly began to cry. She ran in her house screaming mommy wash my hair.
A bird began to peck at the bread on ground. Suddenly, a large swarm of giant angry birds flew straight at Ted. Ted had to drop the bread and run away as fast he could.
One day Quentin awoke to mice gnawing at his furniture. He knew he needed a change. He cleaned the entire apartment and felt much better afterwards.
The bracelet snapped open and beads fell everywhere. She collected the beads and saved them in her pocket. Luckily she was able to fix the bracelet later at home.
We flushed the machine but the ants came back. We put out ant traps but a few came back. They are finally gone, although we do not know the reason.
They tried to work it out but it didn't work. Tom decided to break up with her. It was messy but for the best.
When Becky awoke, she felt something on her face. She reached up and felt a snake crawling across her. Becky jumped out of bed, screaming wildly and thrashing.
One day she decided to just hide the dishes under the sink. All went well until that afternoon when her mother found them. Now Mary cleans the kitchen and does the laundry too!
She thought about her problem all day long. Finally she decided to walk up to him and just ask. Martha and Jerry had a good time at the movies.
Many of his teammates didn't like him. They one day tricked him to come to a party. Everyone there took turns stabbing him and threw away his body.
We really loved how the SUV performed for the duration of our trip! When we returned home, we searched online for the same model SUV. We found and bought that same model SUV!
They got a big tear down the front. Jane decided to take them off. Nobody noticed the difference.
The rescue crews works all day and night to save people. After the waters went down there was nothing left. The town was just a memory.
Everyone else was in a deep sleep. Gina's phone was of little use since there was no signal. She put the phone away, and went back to sleep.
Tom tried to figure out why. He realized his television was broken and draining electricity. He put it on a surge protector and saved money.
Many bees were on the flowers. I accidentally hit the bush while swinging. One bee got on me and stung me.
When the vegetables were ripe, they harvested them. When she served broccoli from the garden that night he ate it all up. Finally she knew how to get him to eat healthy!
Jim got up and argued with him. The man decided to throw a punch at Jim. They ended up fighting.
She out on the outfit and took a tour. They offered free samples. When she was done, Allie bought a lot of chocolate.
When John won, Olivia said he had an unfair advantage. Later, Olivia saw a short volleyball player who was really good play. And she later apologized to John.
In reality, Crimbo was embarrassed that all he did was bail claims. He eventually crept into a depression. Crimbo ultimately quit bounty hunting and became a monk.
One day, he finally found some yellow topaz. He took it home and shaped it into a gemstone. He sold the gemstone for a profit.
James accepted and quickly became absorbed in the game. He decided to take a bathroom break but smelled something burning. He opened his oven and saw a black piece of fish.
Susie was nervous about doing it herself though. But she got the shears and did it anyways. She messed her up hair and was never doing it again.
Erin teases him. She says that it's a woman's drink. Steven doesn't care because it is delicious.
Johnny never asked much for Christmas because his family was poor. His parents were injured badly one day and Johnny helped with all His love shown through his actions
We waited for several of our other group members to come. After everyone came, I presented first. I spoke about domestic violence.
She never wanted to get rid of them. She put them in books to preserve them. Jill kept them for as long as she could.
one day someone was sitting on his bench and he was a little upset. When he went to confront the person, he discovered it was a woman. He talked with her instead and made a good friend.
Her mind raced with fearful images about being followed. She slowed her car and the vehicle passed her. She was relieved when she saw the taillights move away quickly.
The cop walked to Gary. He asked if he had a lighter for his cigarette. Although Gary was confused, he lent a lighter to him.
At 23 Jared had never tied a tie. He was too embarrassed to tell anyone, so he did it himself. Everyone was so busy they didn't see he tied the tie like a shoelace.
She was rather nervous. Allie thought she would mess up and do poorly. But rather the contrary happened as she performed beautifully.
Suddenly one day she nearly passed out. Her doctor told her that she must start eating more. Casey made an effort to eat more from then on.
Joe decided to cut them back. He got the hedgetrimmer from the shed. Soon the trees were trimmed.
Every nearby bathroom had a giant line of people. Laura tried to find a quicker route to a restroom. Finally, she spotted a family restroom hidden in the corner.
The cookies looked so good, he decided just to eat a few. Oliver ate a few, and then some more, and couldn't stop. Oliver got a horrible tummy ache, and his daughter just laughed.
The girl pressed herself against the glass and wiggled. She was still giggling as the glass came loose. The girl plummeted seventy floors to her death.
It stopped working. Tom realized a fuse was blown out. He replaced it and it worked again.
I went there after they said it would be done. I had to wait 15 minutes longer than I was told. I finally got my food after 45 minutes.
They had been on numerous dates so far. Ann was falling head over heels for him entirely. But then she found out he was married and she had to dump him.
Suddenly it slipped from his fingers. It ascended into the sky quickly, upsetting Graham. Luckily they were able to get a new one.
She couldn't find her iron so she improvised. Her mother could hardly believe how nice the bed skirt looked. Sandra didn't tell her she ironed it with her hair flat iron!
There were cd's everywhere in Shelly's room. Shelly's mom got her a cd case. Shelly's room was never messy again.
All of his novels had the same reoccurring theme. This was that the protagonist was always blonde and muscular. Jeff likes to think it's him, despite him being ginger and skinny.
She was on her knees with her head lowered. I went outside to make sure she was ok. She said she killed an ant and was praying for it to go to heaven.
She asked everyone to let her know if they were going over. One time a friend opened the door without warning. The cat ran out and Tammy was furious.
Jack was beginning to worry that he might never find it. He pulled his phone out of his pocket to call the phone to find it. Jack suddenly realized what an idiot he had been.
She decided to work for her own money. Lucy saved up enough for new skates. She was excited to buy new skates.
Her mechanic told her she needed new rear brakes. Jenna dropped off her car and waited a week. She picked her car up and it was as good as new.
One night at a club a microphone did not work to his satisfaction. The threw the microphone onto the stage and stormed out. Ed's band was banned from that club.
However, he probably should have been more specific. Sam brought the box of mice, but odd scurrying sounds came from it. Now Perry has to hire pest control & get a refund from the pet store.
Suddenly he noticed a huge tree falling over. He ran to get out of the way. Luckily he just missed getting crushed by the tree.
Joey was worried he wouldn't make the team. He practiced very hard every day until try-outs. His practice paid off and he made the team.
He was eager to learn how to ride it. Soon he had mastered the art. He began learning tricks and skating like a professional!
He had just told her she wasn't trying hard enough. She yelled at him, slamming down her keyboard. She stood up and stormed out of the room.
I looked on Ebay for the thousandth time. Someone had just posted on field tickets! I won the Ebay auction!
The day that Scott was to get fired he called in sick. This upset Jeff because he needed Scott to be at work that day. This made Jeff's job a lot easier to fire him because he was mad.
Jake had never experienced them before. The first time he had to deal with one was traumatizing. Jake decided to move back.
Jane thought she left it at the restaurant. She called to verified. They found it and held it for her.
But he missed and the ball hit him in the face! It bruised his cheek very badly. Jim had to leave the game and put ice on his injury.
There is some amazing early photography from that period. Some of it is pretty gruesome as well. But I find it to be the most honest and accurate way to see the past.
He met with his teacher after class to review. They realized he had filled out the bubble sheet incorrectly. His teacher agreed to regrade his test.
She has spent too much time out of her field. No employers are willing to take a chance on Allison. She remains very unhappy.
The pond worked great during spring and summer. When winter came the pond froze over. Jojo was sad about his frozen fish.
I loved him with all my heart, but I felt trapped. We moved from Fort Smith to Memphis for better treatment. I was focused only on helping my son.
She ordered the most innocuous-sounding entree. She didn't like it at all, but she pretended she did. She did not want to disappoint her date.
Michael Jordan was determined to win for his team. He pulled up with 3 seconds left on the clock. He hit a jumper last second to win the game by 1 point.
She remembered that a cactus has water in it. She grabbed a knife and slowly cut open a cactus. She found enough water to keep her hydrated and safe.
They decided to lie about their age to get tickets. The bored ticket seller didn't even bother to check. Minutes after the movie started, the girls ran out in disgust.
I would get in a helicopter to view the mountains. Then, I would surf the huge waves. After all those things, I would wake up.
He got beer and charged for cups. Tom kept track of every payment. He was able to make some decent cash.
They said their vows and the priest sanctified their marriage. The bride and groom kissed. The baby inside the bride kicked once.
Carl decided he was too good to prepare for it, and didn't. His house got a fence blown into a window. He prepared next storm.
The teacher told me I could practice after class. I practiced and practiced until my fingers hurt. After I played my solo everyone applauded.
It worked like a charm for 3 days. Suddenly we realized we hadn't put gas or food into our budget. Our budget went out the window and we started over again.
She listened to the noise until she drifted off to sleep. Yoko decided to film a documentary about the wind. She dreamed of the project that night.
When I dropped her off at her house, I leaned in for the kiss. She decided to kiss me! Alas, her breath smelled like garlic chutney!
She was so good at it she became team captain. Her team loved her as captain. Laura wanted to be captain again next year.
He demanded Hal pay for a new room in full. Hal realized he hadn't brought his wallet inside with him. When he went out to get it, he decided to just go to another hotel.
He bought chips and dip. He left the store with the chips and dip after paying for them. Jeffrey enjoyed the party he went to later.
His crush for her had crippled him all his life. So when Miranda asked him for a beer, he gave it to her. But no word came out of his mouth.
My son and I are going to dye the eggs tomorrow. This will be the first Easter with my son. I am very excited to color the eggs I boiled today.
He would spy on her from his window. Once Liberty caught him peeking, and undressed for him to watch. Alex was so turned on he passed out.
He complimented her on how good of condition her teeth are in. Tyra flashed her a beaming smile. She walked out with her dentistry goodie bag.
He came prepared and with a full breakfast in his belly. The exam was difficult, but Max got through it quickly. Max confidently aced his final exam.
One day, a burglar approached the door, and the dog barked fiercely. The burglar was scared, and decided to not break into the house. The dog's barking had finally paid off.
Emily was in charge of picking the movie. They got together in the living room. They enjoyed watching the movie and eating the snacks.
The teacher kept an eye out for her usual misbehavior. Gina was determined to prove she had changed. She focused on her schoolwork and avoided trouble the whole time.
Jessica met her and they started to talk about the night out. Jessica suggested that they go to a comedy show. The two of them left and went to the show.
He decided to study more for biology. He was glad he did. Even after studying, he still didn't make an A.
His wife has always wanted two kids. She says that they will be more social with siblings. Chuck gives in and they have a second child.
We went to look for the house. We went inside the house and got scared by the clown that lives there. We went back to my house and promised to never speak of it again.
One day a customer got angry with him and accused him of cheating. His manager was on break, and Donko was lost as to what to do. The customer was eventually escorted out by security.
He thought he would never make any friends. He then felt a tap on his shoulder. It was Jim, who wanted to invite Tim to eat with his friends.
Robert could not turn it down and accepted the job That day Robert went to lunch with his father Robert then went to work, and worked harder than ever
Or she would avoid the task completely by wearing shoes with buckles. One day her younger brother bent down and tied his shoes by himself. Suddenly Susan decided that she could tie her own laces too!
She gathered all the ingredients, including her favorite chocolate. She mixed them up in a bowl and spread the mix in a pan. Lea cooked the brownies and served them warm for dessert.
It would often steal the other cat's food. They tried to put it on a diet. And it worked.
Fred and Sally had a lot of fun! Fred asked Sally to be his girlfriend during the date. Since she had so much fun, Sally said yes.
When he cleared his whole weekend for two day of rest, the phone rang. His mom was coming to town and wanted to see him. He had to refuse to respect his need for calm and stillness.
All she found were slippers. She decided to wear a long dress to cover them up. After work, she went to buy a new pair of shoes.
When he didn't find what he wanted he'd drive again. Until he bumped into a woman who fell on the pavement. Jared came out of his car in victory as he had captured his Pokemon.
They decided since they were adults to get their ears pierced. Amy's mother forbade it. Amy was so upset she didn't speak to her mom for a week.
He maxed out his credit card. He attempted to fly to Nigeria the next day. They told him he couldn't leave the plane without a visa.
Amanda did a price comparison for a new car and used car. In looking at the prices, Amanda decided to buy a new car. Amanda was happy with her decision to buy a new car.
She took out a payday loan to keep afloat. Now she is further in debt and more desperate. She contemplated suicide when she was evicted.
He put a dollar in the crane game. He was able to grab a little pink teddy bear. His girlfriend loved it!
Matt browsed the various restaurants menus. He ordered from a new restaurant. The food was delivered and he enjoyed the meal.
Mike became good friends with the team's trainer, and asked for help. He practiced new skills that gave an advantage over his height. Mike made the team and was really proud.
Randy was scared but Simon was downright panicked! Randy learned that Simon was allergic to bee-stings. Luckily neither of them got stung that day.
The cake looked plain, and Tina piped on a border but wasn't happy. Her eyes fell on the girl's toy box, and she was suddenly inspired. Placing a doll in the center made the cake into a wonderful skirt!
Her stove was electric. She wasn't able to cook. Maria ate cold leftovers for lunch.
When you would get to one tree, you had to then swing to another. It was something very unique and special. I can't wait until we can go again.
One day, after not feeding it for a week, the crow landed and swore. Jim thought this was the most hilarious thing and fed it. They became inseparable ever since.
She decided to wear them to school. Little did she know they were against the dress policy. When she got to first period, she was immediately written up.
During a checkup, he mentioned his poor eating habits. Joe saw a therapist and was diagnosed with anorexia. And it took him several years to get well.
Instead, I would create a fake author and title for a book. Then I would invent a storyline and write my report. Somehow I passed English class with very high grades.
I didn't know what to do, so I picked up the guitar. I played guitar for about an hour. I was still bored, so I stopped.
He decided to enter and spent all week practicing. The contest began and he was doing really well. Unfortunately, he threw up and was disqualified.
He has been asking me for rides for the last two weeks. Today I took him to the dealership. He was able to finance a 2015 Dodge Dart for 1,000 a month.
The smoke was coming from behind a neighbor's house. He ran into the backyard to investigate. There was a pile of leaves on fire which he stomped out.
They said that they couldn't get me since they live too far. Therefore, I stayed home. I became sad after looking at the beach pictures on social media.
Jason ordered spaghetti. He spilled the food on his shirt. Jason felt embarrassed in front of his date.
The class responded with jeers and derision at Buck's arrogance. They hoisted Buck from the diving board by his trunks. Even the slowest team member could swim faster than him now.
The kitten looked scared and Jane felt bad for it. Jane reached down the pick up the kitten. As Jane reached out, the kitten's mother leaped out and bit Jane!
Tanya wanted the handbag. She devised a plan to sell as much candy as she could. Tanya passed her goal using her selling techniques.
On the first piece I threw it up. I got beaten for wasting food. I then forced myself to eat the rest.
Unfortunately nothing fancy enough fit their vibe. Jenna settled for a song she didn't care for much. To her surprise, during the dance Matt showed her a home written song.
Finally his dad gave in. Jay took a big gulp. He wondered how his dad could drink that horrible stuff.
He was passing by a farm. Richard observed hundreds of cows on a field. Richard almost fainted.
Her kids even swam in the ocean for the first time! They made a lot of good memories together swimming and having fun. Kim was glad that she took her kids to the beach.
Brad still had feelings for Cindy. Brad drank too much at Cindy's wedding. He took a swing at the groom and fell to the floor.
Then his friends and neighbors arrived. Ana watched as they all worked together to build the barn. She thought the barn raising was a lovely custom.
He had never been to a death metal concert before. He went into the mosh pit and was knocked down by a girl! He was fine but tore his pants.
He reported it in good faith. The authorities put him in a very confined space. Jack's cellmate isn't very interested in his sort of hacking.
Cindy knew there were hungry groundhogs in the area. She put up a short fence around her garden to protect it. The groundhogs climbed over the fence and ate her seedlings.
To her dismay the moving truck had gotten caught in traffic. She ended up having to spend the night without her things. Luckily she had her stuff early the next morning.
They did not have much money. She decided to get a job. Katie was happy when she bought her own dress.
Since Gordon doesn't have a maid, he rejected her favors. For example, he cooked by himself and cleaned everything afterwards. The maid was able to take a nap throughout the day.
Her husband decided to surprise her. He brought the puppy home to her. Cindy was so happy.
To boost her chances, Rhonda sprayed the lawn with green paint. That night it froze. Rhonda woke to see fake green grass standing out in a sea of brown.
One day it rained all over the watch. I was so sad because it stopped working. Fortunately, I got another watch for Christmas.
The day I finally got the cannon I hid in the garage. My dad pulled into the garage after a long day's work. I doused him good, getting a two week grounding in return.
A friend and I went to the restaurant and started to order. Suddenly, I heard "Surprise!" My family and friends threw me a surprise party!
Gustav bought a ticket and saw the entertaining shows. His favorite show had been the one with the strong man. Gustav had enjoyed his holiday and was ready to work again.
So Bob hires someone to install an electric fence around his garden. Finally his tomatoes are free to grow. Bob is happy when he picks dozens of delicious tomatoes.
Her brother fell off his bike. He got all bloody. After seeing that,Mary decided she doesn't want to be a nurse anymore!
His doctor decided Tim must have an operation on his tonsils. Tim was scared, but the nurses made him feel better. After surgery, Tim got all the ice cream he wanted.
I went into the bathroom to clean up. I saw that I was very sick. I went home early from work.
She finally decided on the pink bunny. Her grandmother realized she wanted to ride the horse as much. So she got her a ticket for a second ride.
When  I was called in the nurse made me get on the scale first. I closed my eyes tightly and  prayed that I had lost some weight! My doctor entered looked at the paper, high fived me saying 20 pounds!
It was over which color was the best. They realized that the argument was stupid. The made up and hugged.
The father was a bit odd. He tried to use old plastic to start the fire. His daughter convinced him to use charcoal instead.
There are six towels. Someone must be extra dry. Or someone was really wet.
They drive to the park. Grandpa tells stories while they feed ducks. Tyler treats grandpa to ice cream before driving home.
He opened up a stall out in front of his house with the jars. However, nobody seemed to want to buy his onions. Oscar was forced to keep hundreds of jars of pickled onions!
Inside, there was some baby clothing. Steven and Laura were grateful. They called their friend to thank them.
Unfortunately she didn't care for it when she got home. Tim wound up having to change it around again. This time with her input.
Ann peeked into the bush to see what he was barking at. She was shocked to find a box with newborn kitten in it. Ann took the kittens to the vet to make sure they were healthy.
She filled the bag way too full and it ripped. Garbage juice leaked everywhere. Kim had to scrub her carpets.
Right in the front of the store they had already made pizza dough. I bought some dough, and got the other ingredients as well. I went home and made a delicious pepperoni pizza!
He tried the guitar, the piano, and the saxophone. Byron eventually mastered these instruments. Finally, Byron was a musician!
Working hard, she completed forty pages of her essay. Her little sister came in and pressed a button, deleting it all. After Mary stopped crying, she got back to work on her essay.
The candles melted quickly. They  had melted all the way before I noticed. The candles went out and I was in darkness again.
A teammate passed Jimmy the ball. He dribbled the ball toward the goal and made a shot! He gave his teammate a high-five.
Everyone always knew they would get married. Blake waited until their 15th year anniversary to pop the question. Megan said yes she would marry him.
She drove around a large curve in the road. On the other side she could see there were more cars waiting. Gina was shocked to see the cars were backed up for half a mile.
Susie's brother was allergic, so they couldn't get one. However, one day, he went off to college. Susie's parents finally got her the puppy she always wanted!
I wiped away my tears. I waited for a few minutes. My eye didn't hurt anymore.
He wanted to get it just right. He followed a recipe very carefully. Luckily, the beef turned out just perfect.
She first tasted the peppermint flavored candy. Next, she tried the spearmint candy. Jess walked out of the store with one of each flavor of candy.
All four cats came running when she called. The cats began smelling, eating, and rolling in the catnip. The cats played drunkenly in the catnip, and Laura took many pictures.
Jeremy decided to participate. He made a rude post on the college app. Unfortunately, he was immediately banned from the app.
He filled it up, but then saw something upstream. A dead deer was laying in the water. Jim realized he would have to boil this water.
He went to his dad and asked him to practice with him. They practiced for an hour the night before. The day of the match, he scored a goal and his team won.
If I was single, I would have tried to get a coffee with her! Instead, I ordered my bagels to go. I went home to my pathetic life.
He figured it wasn't cold enough for a coat. He wore a light jacket instead. After a few hours he realized he should have worn the coat.
She is about to pull her hair out! My Mom and I are laughing at her. We aren't very nice people.
But instead the opposite happened. It took her an hour to charge her phone. Lucy then decided to simply buy another one.
When I was walking towards the front door, I tripped. Luckily, my but landed on the ground before my face. However, the pizza was ruined and I had to get a new one.
She even felt silly for crying so hard. She left her room to see her family eating breakfast. She bypassed breakfast, and grabbed a huge chunk of cake.
They were out of regular milk! Only soy milk was left. Eva tried it and liked it.
Keith took pictures while Mark explored caves. Keith dropped his camera when he saw a bear. He bought a new one at the souvenir shop.
Timothy studies his notes from class. Timothy stays up all night studying. Timothy is well prepared for the test the next morning.
I didn't stop when I got stuck for forty-five minutes fighting a boss. I didn't stop when I had to be at work in four hours. Finally when my alarm went off I fell asleep on the couch.
Joey racked his brain to come up with a solution. He filled up his bathtub with water and scrubbed his clothes by hand. Joey looked very professional for his date that Monday.
There was no one there. Roger became scared. His sister told him it was just the wind and laughed out loud.
Tom found a store that sells fresh squeezed orange juice. Tom frequented the store. Tom was very happy with the delicious drink.
He decided to buy a similar style and see if anyone noticed. The homeowner was suspect of the finished result. The homeowner thought it was trendy so he went with it.
Someone else was selected to fulfill the position. I filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint. I learned Gays can be legally discriminated against in government.
The movie was so bad that John became angry. He called up the TV station to let them know his rage. John felt better once he made the call.
It smeared the face of her date. It even went all over her utensils and glass. In the end, she removed it and kissed her date with clean lips.
It was the final inning, with her up to bat and bases loaded. Finally the pitch came and she hit the ball out of the park! Her teammates cheered her name, she had won the game!
Her daughter wanted her own toy. So, she cried and cried for a toy. Ann was upset at her daughter's behavior and took her home.
The nurse offered him a sticker. He walked with her to the counter and looked at all of the stickers. Then, he chose one and cheered up right away.
A kid tried to challenge him to a match. Tom beat him fairly easily. He gave him some tips and fought him again.
His dad remained behind him in case anything bad happens. A large fish suddenly jumped out of the water. In addition, it smacked Henry on the chest.
My job is to always bring the meat and corn. I don't mind that job at all. I can't wait for the barbeque next year.
He was so nervous about this that he nearly wrecked his car. The dentist drilled and filled his bad tooth. John's toothache is gone.
I packed my things and dressed my newborn son. I Loaded my car and ran back to Oklahoma. I tried yet again to start over.
Dan scheduled an appointment with the instructor to visit the studio. After visiting, Dan decided that he would join the studio. Dan was excited that he was going to learn how to ballroom dance.
I got into my sleeping bag and began to drift to sleep. Then I was frightened by something banging on the tent and growling. Then the tent unzipped and we could see my Uncle laughing at us.
When she got there, they were friendly to her. She got a special seat near the front. They talked and laughed while cutting her hair.
I read the first two chapters about our constitutional convention. I dozed off reading about the Connecticut compromise. Next thing I knew, sunlight was peeking at me through the window.
He grabbed one and begged his mom to get it. She told him maybe and he carried the ball around with him. When they went to check out, she agreed to buy the ball.
She smelled the candles one by one. She realized that she wasn't actually that into any of the scents. She didn't want to waste the money so she just passed on a candle.
My brother climbed one of the trees. We told him to get down. He fell from the tree.
But, Sam knew that if he kept practicing he would achieve success. Sam practiced for weeks! Eventually, he learned how to juggle and his wife was not impressed.
The players danced on the field when they scored a touchdown. Mark cheered and laughed when he saw his team score. Mark's team won the game.
I held up four of my fingers. He thought about it real hard. He did not know what number that was.
The people were supposed to come at noon to install. However to her dismay, Katie was left alone. The installers never came.
She gave him her favorite recipe. It was for a chocolate cake. When he took it out of the oven, he dropped it.
What if people laughed at her? But her mom convinced her to appear anyways. And people didn't laugh - they cheered and applauded!
She found a chocolate chip recipe. She bought all the ingredients. She stayed up all night and made the cookies.
Tom was scared, but the other man saw him too. Both men didn't know what to think until they started talking. They discovered they were both adopted, and must be long lost twins!
We walked to the park with some bread for the ducks. Mark thought it was weird that ducks eat bread. Mark has been telling everyone how much ducks love bread.
Her sister tried to get it back however, Jenna was fighting back. However, the phone was removed from her hand. She began to cry loudly.
Jamie almost flew out of the boat. He decided to slow down some. The ride was easier.
He ran down the aisle to get a drink. He turned quickly and started to run. He tripped and spilled the drink everywhere.
One day, a low-income man needed help on his car. The man owned a diner and gave Daniel food in return. Daniel did it free of charge and brought the food home for his kids.
Suddenly he tripped, sending the boxes tumbling! He also fell down the stairs himself, spraining his ankle. That day he learned the lesson to only take on what he can handle.
He signed up for tryouts. When he went to tryouts he did a great job. Chris made the soccer team!
The employee at the paint store recommends a calming light blue. Samantha paints her room the light blue color. She loves the way her room looks now.
I told her the Mormons would probably send missionaries. I ordered the book anyway, and a Mormon called to deliver it. I agreed to meet with the missionary in order to get the book.
She accepted and we took off. Rachel beat me. I am so embarrassed, I need to practice for next time.
She was a tenured faculty member from the start. Sarah taught with all her heart and skill. In only a year, she'd become one of the most beloved professors.
Being out in the sun made him sick. He threw up in the dugout. His friends all laughed at him until he cried.
He was only one strike away from a perfect game. He bowled and the ball was perfectly in line for a strike. But then a kid ran out onto the lane and stopped the ball.
People honked at him. He thought it was because he looked so fly. But actually a squirrel was riding on the board behind him.
A local church decided to buy her a used car as a gift. Smokey took the car, packed her apartment, loaded it up and left. No one has heard from her since.
They couldn't pass up the good deal. It tasted terrible. We now realize why it was so cheap.
She and her boyfriend were going to be going to the movies They were going to see Gods of Egypt together She finally got out of  work and let out a loud cheer
She told me the worst part was the chemical smell. It ended up burning her scalp. She decided to lay off the treatments.
I researched and found a company that had pants with velcro snaps. I ordered a pair of pants to try them out. They work very well, and I will buy more.
He gets bored sometimes being at home all day with the baby. He decided to open up a daycare in his house for other babies as well. Before long Kevin would watch four kids at once and make money too!
He played so well a small crowd started forming around him. He began singing a song and the crowd started singing it too. It was a magical moment for Harold.
They got to the campsite and put up their tents. That night it rained. All of their gear got wet.
One the night of the reunion it didn't want to zip up. Dora had gained weight since then. It crushed her emotionally and she stayed home.
She called her family to come to dinner. They ate the dinner prepared by Amanda. Everyone complimented Amanda on her cooking skills.
She ordered sushi, which she never had before. She loved the taste of raw fish. She took pictures of her meal.
Dave tried to find the source of the water. He saw a small leak coming from the hull. Dave just watched as the water came in faster.
Her little brother stood behind her as she stepped on the scale. Somehow she had gained 6 pounds! Then she realized her brother had his foot on the edge of the scale.
The other team's quarterback threw it quickly. I saw the ball coming and I jumped to catch it. As soon as I caught it, I ran it back for a touchdown.
Iggy didn't recognize her. He started barking at his owner. She took the towel off her head and Iggy went right up to her.
Jake's mom filled the tub part way with warm water. Jake's mom placed Jake in the tub and washed his hair and body. Jake's mom finished by taking him out and drying him with the towel.
I brought him outside to clean him. I sprayed him with the hose and put shampoo in his fur. I brought him inside and dried him off.
Robbie looked at all of the cats in the cages. Finally, he chose a black and grey cat. Robbie and his parents took the new pet cat home.
I exceeded the limit anyways. He got mad at me. I gave him the middle finger and he fired me.
I began to get very scared. I saw them swoop down fast. It turns out they were trying to eat the dead animal behind me.
Ava mom assures her that her party will be perfect. Ava calls and confirms everything but forgot the cake. The day of the party Ava mom surprises her with the cake she picked.
Tomas sets a new personal record for his bench press. Tomas tears his pectoral. Tomas can't lift weights for 3 more months.
She began eating the food. Suddenly, she noticed a fly in the bowl. She yelled out, and a waiter came and promised to make it up to her.
Her mother was single so she was worried about her. Kara came home for the holidays. When she walked in the house she found her mom dead on the floor.
From that point on, Jane refused to ever use a videotape again. Even when she watches a DVD, she turns her phone off just in case. Even though she knew it wasn't real, it made her feel better.
He was eating his sandwich on the way to the meeting. He spilled mustard on his favorite tie! So, he took off his tie, and attended the meeting.
When it arrived, it was much smaller and uglier than pictured. Uma tried it out but hated how it made her home feel.`. She had to send it back and replace it.
Suddenly the light bulb above him sizzled and shattered! Albert went to the hospital with minor burns and scratches. He sued the lightbulb company, and received a small settlement.
He kept an eye on his mom while she raked leaves. All of a sudden, Charlie took off in a dash. He jumped right in the middle of the huge leaf pile!
Joe has been asked to join a band. Jim goes to see his son play in the band. He is proud of how good his son is at playing guitar.
Carol and Joe would spend summer nights looking at the stars. Because there was no light pollution, they could see everything. They shared those special moments for years to come.
Unfortunately the yolk broke. Jane didn't want to waste the eggs. She made them scrambled instead.
That winter he cleared driveways for even more money. By the spring he was the richest kid in his class. All this success made him seriously rethink college.
He would sit around for long periods of time. One day he fainted when trying to stand up. Sam realized he had health issues and needed to fix them.
When she saved enough, she and her mother went to the store. Amy chose a doll that looked just like her. Amy was very happy with her new doll.
This was the third time in a month. Ellen went to tell her boss, who just shook his head. She spent that night looking for a new job.
At the hotel he opened it to get some clothes out. The suitcase was full of money and not clothes. Joe counted the money and got very excited.
Matthew's mom suggested Mathew try calling Jack. Jack agreed to trick or treat with Matthew. Jack and Matthew collected lots of candy.
While standing in line he see's a sign for lottery. He decides to pick up a ticket. Turns out it was the winning ticket.
He got too drunk. He lost track of his phone. He missed a call with the job offer.
He thought it was creepy. What the preacher said was even worse. Tim decided to stop going.
Chris let his friend drive his dad's expensive SUV offroad. The friends had an amazing time offroading in the nice car. They had one of the best experiences of their lives offroading.
But his antivirus software was no help. His roommate accidentally turned off the antivirus software. And when Po used his computer next, the internet was working again.
She tried to cover her mouth with her hand all day. She hurried to brush her teeth as soon as she arrived home. Ida vowed never to forget to brush again!
Jeffy was hungry all day. When his owner came home she refilled his bowl of food. Jeffy is a happy cat now.
She taught me the basics of science. I learned how to do biological equations. I passed science with an A.
I couldn't find any bananas. They were sold out of bananas. I left the store and went home.
I told him he could have under one condition. He must agree to be my Valentine. He made it clear that he would, only for the chocolates!
In the beginning, she was very sad about it. After the surgery had healed, she began physical therapy. She did great and eventually got a prosthetic leg!
Jim put some lotion on the rash. It immediately stopped feeling itchy. Jim was relieved and stopped thinking about his rash.
At the audition she wowed the director with her acting prowess. So wowed that he offered her a role in his next commercial too. She nailed the next commercial as well and now she is famous.
Ben stopped and stared open mouthed. He was amazed at its vast beauty. Ben decided the ocean was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen.
During the movie Tony asked Tisa to marry him. She said yes. The whole movie theater cheered.
Jack White screamed and flung his guitar against the wall. It shattered into a million pieces. Amethyst picked up a piece and together the two girls ran away.
Tim thought her mom was really pretty. He would often hit on her. Tim was ultimately told to stop.
Then she got her test back to find she had a bad grade. Fran discussed her grade with her classmates. She was shocked to find out she had studied the wrong material.
The cars were too expensive. The dealer decided to give me a discount on a yellow car. I took up the offer and finally had a new car!
Tim got injured his first tour. He was sent home. Tim was never the same again.
The bus from the airport to the city is very slow. Finally, he arrives at his hotel. Jason goes to sleep because he is so tired from traveling.
She slammed down the phone. She stormed down the hall. She threw herself on the bed in angry tears.
Annie asked her coworkers for advice on what to do on the cruise. Annie looked up the activities mentioned to her by the co workers. Annie decided that she would do snowboarding and whale watching.
I wondered how to get a copy of my stories? I contacted the head research person of the study. I now know how to access the stories I've submitted.
At the party, a handsome guy and his friends came over to her. Angie was flattered when he said she reminded him of someone famous. The guy turned to his pals and said she looked like Barbra Streisand.
Lucy went to her grandmother and apologized. May asked what the apology was for. May was satisfied with the answer and took Lucy to Blockbuster.
Tom didn't have his receipt. They were able to look him up with his credit card. Tom got to exchange it for another one.
Tom didn't want to get rid of them. He decided to try and sew up the hole. It went well and he wore them often.
We were tired and ready for lunch by noon. After eating, I wanted to exercise instead of logging our specimen. We played on the jungle gym and put off our work.
Sometimes he would scare them on purpose. Once he tricked them into going into the embalming room in the dark. After that his friends rarely visited Adam at home.
However, she had no idea their adventure would entail driving on ice. At the lake, she was startled as he drove his truck onto the ice. Her screaming didn't stop until he explained how thick the ice was.
She told Jack how much each one was worth. Jack began to practice counting. He learned how to count the change very quickly.
He swam in the ocean and laid in the sand on the beach. He went deep sea fishing and parasailing. Dallas felt very well rested when he returned from his vacation.
Tom didn't listen. On the way there the sun glare was really bad. He admitted to his wife that she was right.
Then he found one that paid pretty good to write short stories. So he wrote a few. David was happy with his new job.
She thought it would interesting to go on it. She took one step. But after the second step she fell off.
One night I was working, there was a class reunion celebrating there. I soon realized it was my high school reunion. I hid in the changing room all night as to not be discovered.
The clerk asked me if he could see my ID. I checked my pockets, but noticed I forgot my ID. I ran out to my car, found my ID and returned to the counter.
One day the principal called them both into his office. They all had a talk. Now Sparky and Kevin are best friends.
He went inside to get help from his mom. His mom put a bandage on his knee. Then, she scolded him and grounded him for not being careful.
I have often wondered what made Roy so particular about such things. Today I visited Roy's mom's house for the first time. Stuff was stacked everywhere and there was barely room to move.
They decided to go crazy and streak. Tom was into the idea. They all did it and had fun.
They painstakingly dig a deep moat around their creation. They decorate the walls and the surrounding area with seashells. They smile in satisfaction as they examine their completed project.
The soda company was hosting a sweepstakes and she had won. Her prize was a free family vacation. She took her kids and husband and had the time of her life.
He helped her learn English and find a job. Eventually, she found work as a well-paid secretary. And best of all, she married the kind man who'd saved her!
Abby sat down and trembled. Finally the needle came to her skin. The pain was bad but worth it.
She turned the grill on and waited for it to heat up. She had never used the grill before and wasn't sure what to do. When the grill was hot, she placed the steaks on the grates.
When his teacher asked him a question, Jim shrugged his shoulders. And he was sent to the principal's office. While in the principal's office, Jim imagined being somewhere else.
Amy worked through the night to finish. The next morning she handed it in on time. The boss was impressed by her level of commitment.
He just filled out job applications and stared at his computer Things seemed hopeless for a little while. Fortunately, my dad was able to bounce back.
After therapy, Mike began to write a small novel based on his life. Mike wrote the novel and worked hard on it for Years and published it. After it was published, the book became a huge success, so did Mike.
Since they hadn't kissed before it was rather awkward. Suddenly, he jokingly kissed Phoebe. She decided to go all in and kissed him back for real.
So he wrote a tell all book on the media. His book made the New York times bestseller list! Now everyone knows all about the dark arts of the media.
Next, it was time to visit the church! Neil visited the holy spot of the ancient pilgrims. He blessed himself and prayed to God for a safe trip!
Gladyss gasped because it was women's only. She entered determined to give him a piece of her mind. She apologized when she realized it was just a large woman.
A large stray dog chased him down and bit his leg. Mark was severely injured. From then on he became more cautious around dogs.
He tried on many different jeans. He could not find a pair that fit him well. Tom became upset.
Ben got a cute little nightlight. Every night he kept it on all night. The light helped Ben sleep much easier.
So she had to go the long way. It took one hour. By the time she got back she was exhausted.
She hoped for a girl! When it was time to learn the sex, she held her breath. She was so happy when she heard she was having a girl!
I first attempted transcribing audio clips on mturk. The first one I did took me over 3 hours for an hour audio. I decided the pay wasn't worth it, and went to other things.
The tree began to lean away from the house. A strong breeze blew and the tree swayed the other way. Moments later the tree crashed down on the house.
He decided to some pretzels as a snack. He felt immediately better after eating. Jake was able to continue working after his snack.
Ariel attempted to do a front aerial. She hadn't practiced it enough though. Ariel smashed her head on the stage and died.
He formed patties for the burgers. He started outside to fire up the grill. When Jim got outside, he realized he was out of charcoal!
Her foot started to bleed. Soon she was rushed to the emergency room. Kenna got seven stitches in her foot.
Aaron notices this and wanted to do something He took Jake out to his favorite restaurant Jakes mood improved and he was very appreciative
When they got to the ice cream shop there were a bunch of new flavors. Janice just could not choose. After looking over the menu she decided on a chocolate sundae.
She calls her aunt to ask if she can come over. Angela goes to her aunt's farm. They go riding together all day.
He called his work to tell them he wouldn't be in today. He then took some medicine. After, he got ready to leave for the doctor.
He realized the sewing kit in his pocket fell into the haystack. Steve found the kit but was missing a needle. Steve looked at the pile and cursed out loud.
Jed decided that he would walk to the park. When he got to the park, it was very crowded. Jed walked back home and went to bed.
When we finally started fishing, I caught a huge flounder. They cut it up for us and we took it home to eat. It was some of the best fish I've ever had.
So she bought a stuffed animal ET online. And she got an old milk crate and bike handles and a red sweater. Everyone loved her creative easy costume.
No one noticed the cheese for three months. Finally, they found the rotting cheese. After smelling the rotten cheese, Tom didn't like cheese anymore.
He got out and approached the animal cautiously. The dog had been hit by another car but was still alive. Jerry went back to his car to get the tire iron.
She started to organize her closet, but that wasn't fun. Finally, Gloria resorted to watching funny cat videos online. She finally enjoyed her day.
Her grades have been steadily declining as a result. Her parents took her phone away from her until she gets her grades up. Jennifer is upset but understand and gets to studying.
It was very beautiful. She walked up to the tall glass doors. The walls were entirely made of glass.
I negotiated a rate of ten dollars per hour. After a week of work, I decided to increase my hourly rate. My parents fired me and decided to do the chores themselves.
I brought it inside and quickly tossed it in the trash. The next morning I looked outside to see another phonebook! I decided that I would just leave that one laying there.
She decided to explain things away by spreading a rumor. She told everyone that her ex-boyfriend is gay. She was embarrassed when he came to school with his new girlfriend!
When my uncle tried to offer her food, she mumbled in her words. However, she was able to get to know the family well. They asked her to come again before I took her home.
There's Anise, Salt, Pepper, Sugar, and Cocoa. I've decided to give them to a friend for Christmas. It will be a wonderful holiday!
She worked really hard on the audition routine. When it was her turn, she gave it her all but was pretty bad. Unfortunately she didn't get selected for the team.
Sam lunged at a squirrel and the leash broke. I chased Sam for an hour before sitting on the ground to cry. Sam came back immediately and started licking my face.
He came home with a nice box packaged for his wife. She opened it and frowned. Inside was a card signed by his secretary telling her everything.
Now they were stuck in the woods with nothing to eat. Eve decided to gather up berries and ruins from the woods. She made her dad a delicious breakfast from nature!
She wanted to buy the app. I set a goal for her to reach to buy it. She was able to buy it after reaching her goal in a month.
David contacted technical support. After several minutes technical support resolved the error. David no longer had trouble using Skype.
He read many books and forums, but did not feel he was improving. He rotely followed the commands of the tutorials. Upon simply trying to build websites from scratch, he improved.
Beth felt nervous and grabbed her pepper spray. A small rabbit hopped on to the trail right in front of her. Beth laughed out loud, and breathed a sigh of relief.
She led me out to the car and said we were going for a ride. About ten minutes later, we pulled into a Christmas tree lot. We picked out the perfect tree and are very excited for the holidays.
She's gotten used to making new friends and then losing them. Samantha wishes this could be her last school. However, she knows it won't be.
Her mom ate a bowl with no complaints and said it was tasty. Whitney finally tried a bowl and it was lumpy and disgusting. She was heartbroken that she had messed up her mom's famous soup.
He forgot about it midway and fell asleep. He woke up to burned soup. He put out a small fire and went back to sleep.
Jamie went to the store to purchase all the ingredients she needed. Jamie mixed all the ingredients and baked the cake. Jamie ate a big piece of chocolate cake.
They decided to make a rule so Tammy would have a harder time. The next game was much closer. The game after that Jane had won.
As they drove past her she pretended not to care. She called her mom, but she didn't answer. Gina walked all the way home alone.
As the wedding started, a storm came out of nowhere. Thunder, lightning, and rain forced everyone into their cars. The wedding was ruined and both John and Tina were sad.
Now i can hit the targets with good accuracy. I asked him to teach me about pistols. Next year he will teach me how to shoot pistols properly.
After that, they all huddled around me and danced with me. They asked if I would like to be with all of them. Finally we all took turns kissing.
He put them in the slow cooker in the morning. In the evening, he pulled out the chicken and vegetables. He shared the meal with his wife, and they enjoyed it a lot.
Unfortunately they were all too expensive. He found some similar looking cheap knock offs online. Tim bought one and nobody knew the difference.
I ran to the nurse to get some ice. I could see the black stinger inside me. I immediately started being afraid of bees since.
He slowly opened the mailbox and peeked inside. The mailbox was completely empty! Lance smiled as he remembered it was Sunday.
Jeremy quickly pulled all of the weeds in the garden. Then, his mom took him to the store. He chose a new pokemon game.
I was thinking of a name for the Rambler but was having trouble. Then it dawned on me I could name it after my best friend's wife. So I named the Rambler Marie.
She currently has a dead end job and hates it. She quit her job and decided to join the Peace Corp. She told her friends about it and they were all supportive of her.
In his apartment parking structure, he saw a Miata with its top off. He decided to go inside the car and trash the interior. He posted pictures of it on Facebook but was quickly caught.
The girl sat down by Doug and he thought he stood a chance with her. By halftime, Doug's lips had turned blue. Then, Doug was on his way to the hospital with hypothermia.
They took a bus to the site. Then everyone lined up to kiss the stone. Ora went home convinced she had earned herself lots of good luck!
He needed his own money for things like gas and insurance. The very first job he applied to he got. He ended up delivering pizzas and had a blast.
One day I came home from school to find my brother eating a pizza. The pizza did not look good and I asked him if he cooked it right. He told me he cooked in the microwave and I began to gag.
When I got to her office, she wasn't busy so we talked for an hour. After all was said and done, I didn't have clear solution. However, she had helped enough for me to be on track to finding one.
John tried the trick but fell and broke his ankle. Since he could not walk home, John's friends called his mother. His mother arrived and said John was no longer allowed out to skate.
It turned out to be a wrong number. Jake was disappointed but kept waiting for the call. Eventually Jake got the call he was waiting for.
She had to leave her apartment and move 45 miles East. Once she got to her new place, she loved it. She was so surprised and excited of what was to come.
It is her favorite piece. This year her dog knocked it over and shattered it. Cindy has never been so devastated.
The shepard loved her the most. He made her his personal pet. She started following him everywhere he went.
He got terrible grades. He thought his parents would be furious. It turns out they happily welcomed him home.
I pushed a suitcase of my things through it. I climbed out and ran for my life. I would never return to that house again.
I agreed anyway, reasoning that it couldn't be all that hard. Riley picked out the colors and away I went! In the end it turned out very nice and I was proud.
He took a laxative. Then he could go. He was happy on this extra special Christmas.
The big day came. They was finally out for 2 full weeks. The children enjoyed that Christmas break.
She finally talked to her mother alone. Her mother was fine with it and wasn't surprised at all. She spoke to her dad and the same happened.
He ran a hard debate. He ended up winning everyone was happy
But as soon as he hit the sun, he was sweating. He circled the whole lake anyway. And when he got home he took a cold shower.
He didn't know what kind she liked. Tom's girlfriend thought they were ugly. It really hurt Tom's feelings.
She fell on the floor and wasn't able to get up. I had to take her to the hospital. Luckily, the doctor said that the injury isn't severe.
One night he snuck outside. He was determined to catch it. But instead of an elf, he found a deer!
She read how to do many new exercises. She bought a gym membership. She never went to the gym.
When she was visiting her grandparents they served asparagus. She didn't want to be rude, but she didn't want to eat it either. When her grandma wasn't looking, her dad moved it to his plate.
George took the BAR exam, but he failed. George was disappointed, so he studied harder and took the test again. George passed the BAR and achieved his dream of becoming a lawyer.
Joe had gone to see what was going on. When he arrived everyone was just watching the fire. Joe started to throw sand on the fire, people joined in and stopped it.
Amy talked to people who knew the boy she liked. Amy found out the boy she liked was single and liked her as well. Amy asked the boy she liked to be her boyfriend.
At the pet store, Johnny saw a chocolate lab he liked. His parents paid for the puppy. They took their new dog home to join the family.
When he got to her place his car broke down. Tina had a great idea. They ended up having a wonderful night watching movies at home.
She left early, but on the way home there was a big traffic jam. She arrived home just in time, only to see a notice on the door. The plumber had been there at 11, and she'd had the time wrong.
His roommate had a guest over. The guest was a transvestite. Joe was very interested in talking to his guest.
Ben and Alice arrived first. The other couple was very late getting to the restaurant. By the time they got there, it was lunch time.
I was impervious to the bitter cold air. I didn't even shiver. It was then that I began to see winter as a sort of emotional shield.
They bet the loser would clean up after the party. It was Dan's house but he didn't want to have to clean up. Dan mocked his brother for an hour as his brother cleaned up.
She squeezed lemons and stirred in sugar. Then, hopefully, she opened the stand for business. Within one hour she had sold every drop of her tasty lemonade!
One day Todd made him a pb&j sandwich with a hidden pickle inside. Sam took a big bite, then spat it out and gagged on the pickle. Todd laughed and laughed and Sam's discomfort.
Jason revises his writing into a book. Jason sends the book to publishers. One publisher buys the book from Jason
The membership was up for renewal. Alex felt like the fifty dollars was a waste of money. Alex didn't renew his membership.
But during rush hour a few cars backed up waiting for their turn. Today it was rush hour, and a snow storm. There were 5 times as many cars at the intersection.
She said duct each time. She could not remember what she was supposed to say to pick someone! Finally her friend Liz whispered the word goose as she walked by.
At first i was scared and shy at the same time. But as time goes by,i feel comfortable talking to him. I wanted to know more about him but the bus just arrived.
Every holiday Pauly would go back to visit. He would see how much the town had grown and his friends had grown ol. It made him both sad and happy to see all the changes.
He won the game handily. His friends got upset and left. James' friends refused to play with him again.
When he was on a top he slipped, and fell. Other kids saw him in pain. They called his parents.
I finally decided to clean the entire house, top to bottom. I finally found the source of the fruit flies deep in a cabinet. The fruit flies were coming from a huge rotting bag of potatoes.
Jack fired a rock from his slingshot at the cluster of leaves. Jack realized it was a baby bird's nest with one injured baby bird. Jack helped the bird by taking care of it and eventually set it free.
I finally had enough money so I ordered one online. When it arrived, I invited my friends over. We had beer and pizza and played pool.
Then she saw that she had run out of plastic plates. So she drove down the street to the store and bought some. She was happy to get more because she hated washing dishes.
Brian decided to cheat to beat Harry. Brian ended up winning the game. Now everyone thinks Brian is the best at Battleship.
I fell heavily and the sandwich dropped on the ground. Once my brother helped me get up, he took me to the hospital. I was diagnosed with a sprained knee.
He sees it's only 2700 and it's a good brand as well. He decides to call the seller up. He buys the car
Then one day Jay noticed three apple trees in his neighborhood! He picked dozens of apples and brought them to his grandma. She made him three pies and he stuffed himself silly!
Our other friend told us that we did not have the right plug. We went back to the store to get the plug. We were finally able to watch shows on our TV.
She was so nervous! She stepped up on the scale. There, she saw she had lost twenty pounds!
The friend didn't know what it was. They were excited to open it. It turned out to just be a bunch of pictures.
He took out a hole punch and punched new holes in his belt. Jim put on the new belt for a test fit. He was pleased with how the bigger belt fit.
Rachael decided it was time Beaux needed a bath. She had to drag him from his dog bed to the bathroom. Because he was not holding still, Rachael ended up getting a bath too.
He just wanted friends. He just wanted someone to hang out with. But more than that he wanted to dance.
The test results from the biopsy were positive for lymphoma cancer. Sara went through six rounds of chemotherapy. She is grateful that her cancer is now in remission.
As the race was beginning, Andy was anxious to see Bolt race. However, when the gun sounded, Andy knew Bolt would win. Andy was so excited that Usain Bolt won his track race.
He decides to go inside to put on a scarf. Now he feels ready to go. With his scarf, Lester braves the cold to get coffee.
He, twenty years her senior, met her in the park. They walked for hours, enjoying each other's company. They both retired to their respective homes at the end of the evening.
Kitty was sure the apples would all go bad now! Then she had a great idea to avoid wasting them. She cooked them all up into a big pot of applesauce!
She went home and tried drinking wine. This made her feel better. Melissa started drinking wine every night.
As soon as she got there she felt emotional. She felt badly for the tenants. At the end of the session she felt very bonded.
Scott leaned forward to see the engines pass. The fire engine sounded its horn. Scott quickly pulled his hands over his ears and cried.
I saw some pictures of old instruments. Many were unfamiliar, but some were recognizable. I bought a flute similar to those I had seen, and started learning it.
She pretended that she didn't know Gary. Although he was confused, he still tried to get her attention. She walked away with her friends.
She made a lot of excuses about why she was broke. Finally she got help with her money. Now she is not stressed out anymore.
He was in the middle of the most amazing game he had ever played. His computer died. He gave up and did his homework instead.
While she was scared, she felt excited as she boarded the plane. Skydiving was one of the best experiences she ever had. Charlene was happy that she tried it.
I smelled smoke. I went into the kitchen and saw the smoke. Her apple pie had burned inside the oven!
There were some nice dresses at the store, but not the right one. She searched a few more stores and ended up going home empty-handed. Finally, she picked something already in her closet and looked great!
Once he gave the final wipe the window was spotless. He was so proud that he took a picture of the clear window. He looked at the photo but it seemed less impressive.
Trina was trying to be excited but she felt incredibly sick. She took some medicine and got right to bed. Luckily when she woke up she felt much better.
Each family member wrote down a name on some paper. Missy put the names in a hat and selected one at random. The name she pulled out is what they named the family's new pet.
His first beer was not very good. His friends got sick from it. He was very unhappy.
But then his wife stopped him and called him back in. She made him remove his shirt so she could iron it. Then she sent him on his way, looking much better!
Pam explained her situation to the service technician. The technician immediately blamed Pam for the damaged phone. Pam spoke with the manager who apologized for the inconvenience.
I called the city to send a repair crew to fix it. The repair crew arrived after a short while and mended the water main. Our water was once again clear and clean.
She entered a local poker tournament. The tournament lasted twenty-four hours. In the end, Katherine won and took home the prize of five grand.
Suddenly, he was speeding towards the hoop. He drove on to the ramp and launched through the air. Evan and his motorcycle sailed straight through the flaming hoop.
Last Friday he noticed Tom moved in next door. Dave thought he'd go introduce himself. Today Dave found himself knocking on Tom's door, smiling.
When he finally got started he realized there was an essay to write. He wrote and wrote as fast as he could. He turned in his test with 30 seconds to spare.
The town was having a talent show next week and was accepting people. Sam signed up for the talent show and was so excited about it. Sam showed off his new trick and won first prize at the show.
I saw one that really caught my eye. I brought it to the clerk and bought it. I went home and read it, and really liked it.
People would ask him for a mint. He would acquiesce and they'd socialize. Soon Ben was known as the Mint Man!
All she had was peanut butter and jelly. She made a sandwich. As she went to eat, she dropped her entire sandwich on the floor.
He called him to tell him where he could get his wallet. The man was so happy he gave John a reward. He gave him half the money that was in the wallet!
Santa came down the chimney and left presents under the tree. He at the cookies that the kids left for him. The kids woke up and opened presents.
He started watching tv. He fought the sleepiness as hard as he could. He then realized that it was impossible and went to sleep.
She went to classes on extroversion and sociability. She learned how to make friends and act outgoing. When she started high school, Ali had no problems making friends!
Stefanie was telling a very interesting story. She forgot to count lines in the sweater she knitted. The right side of the sweater was longer than left side.
But they seemed in high spirits. Every other time they were at her uncles they were miserable. However they didn't seem miserable at all.
Dan looks up airline tickets for his trip. In addition, Dan books a hotel room for his stay. Dan is very excited about visiting his hometown of Denver.
I grabbed the cat food and went to the bowl. I refilled the food bowl and the cat ate. I sat down and the cat behaved normally again.
I shut my eyes, knowing mom had come in to say goodnight. I pretended to be asleep while she kissed me on the forehead. I felt happy to be loved so well.
One day his greed overcame his senses. In a fit of madness, he created a terrible video game. Everyone who played, wanted Metzen dead.
She decided to build a plan. She oversaw the build of a huge underwater net. The net helped keep whales off the beach, saving their lives.
She asked her friend Sammy to help her move. Together, they were able to move out her stuff in 2 days. Samantha thanked Sammy afterwards by buying her lunch.
My Dad suggested asking a nearby food bank if they need volunteers. I called the food bank and made an appointment for orientation. I went to help sort donations and got an A on the project.
But their printing plants in other cities were closing. His boss assured them that their plant would stay open. But Charles showed up for work and the business was closed.
Too nervous to ask someone in person, he learned how to write poetry. Ted wrote a beautiful sonnet for Ann, asking her to the prom. Ann was so impressed, she accepted his invitation immediately.
Wendy was sad she couldn't join the party. Her babysitter showed Wendy the exciting new books she had brought. Wendy enjoyed all the bedtime stories and forgot about the party.
A researcher discovered that his code was insecure. Many digital news outlets covered the researcher's work. Shalil still got his yearly bonus.
Spending every waking hour near him in the mines took its last toll. The two miners squared up while the others shouted. But the radio interrupted them, saying a war had broken out.
I told him to stop doing it. He told me he would not. I told him it was a silly habit.
The deer flew through my windshield. I was rushed to the hospital. The doctor set my two broken arms.
He found the perfect ring. While at dinner, he decided he would pop the question. Sue said yes.
He practiced day and night for a month straight. There were times he wanted to quit. He was diligent and now he is the best.
I cut myself! I had to go to the hospital for medical aid. I learned to be more careful with knives.
When his alarm hit Tim didn't want to wake up. He hit snooze over and over again. Tim wound up waking up late and doing nothing.
Today Carrie tied the dog outside and went into the bakery. She came out and split a jelly doughnut with her dog. Carrie has the happiest dog in the neighborhood.
John looked out his window while waiting. He seen a bright blue boat for sale. His dad bought the boat.
While going through the building, he found several boxes of old books. Kevin had them appraised and found that they were worth thousands! He sold them at auction and used the cash to furnish a lovely library!
Months went by, and Eli forgot about the book. Then he got a letter in the mail. The library was asking him to pay his late fee of 400 dollars.
He went every day to see them swim and grow bigger. Soon the tadpoles lost their tails and grew bigger. Before long, Bill's tadpoles all morphed into frogs!
B's daughter wanted her to pick up both of her kids, aged 12 and 9. B refused, as the siblings fight a lot. B picked up the younger kid and the other stayed in after school care.
The cave was dark and mysterious. He was so interested in exploring that he didn't realize he was lost. He never made it out of that cave.
Dee was jealous that Matt liked Holly's poem so much. Holly had no interest in Matt, Dee, or their poems. After graduation, Dee left Matt for a novelist.
Vince looked around, but couldn't find his way back. After a few days, he was running out of food and water. When all hope was lost, Vince found a road and followed it home.
Luckily, Annie loves her dog. She began to feed him the correct amount. Now the dog can run around like a puppy.
They went to his yard to investigate. David was planting an apple tree! David gave fresh apples to his friends when he was done planting.
While they were sitting in the grass, Kathy found a ring. She found out it was golden ring. The jeweler told them it is worth ten thousand dollars.
So he worked very hard to speak with different students. Finally he was elected to student council. James felt very proud of all of his hard work.
She saw the blank paper and started to get nervous. Mary decided she should think through what she should write about. Mary completely forgot about her story.
Kylie and her friends made some silly combinations of ice cream. They all ate a lot of it and were full. They then watched a movie and went to sleep.
Justin traced his family tree back several generations. His teacher was impressed with how thorough his research was. Justin got an A on his project.
Carl kept letting him win. At one point Carl beat him. Carl's friend became visibly upset over it.
The price tag said 50 dollars on it. Rae haggled with the owner over the price. They finally settled on a new price of 15 dollars.
Sally ran to the bus stop. She got there just as the bus was pulling away. Sally will make sure her alarm is set from now on.
They practiced every day after school. They wore costumes and choreographed a routine. Henry's band won first place.
He took the train to the city at 4 am to be closer to the stage. When he got there, there were people waiting. He had to wait hours before the show.
She entered a contest to show her skills to others. She competed with the best in her area and won. Becca has a trophy that reminds her of that day now.
She put her hands on one of the cop's shield. A photographer took the photo and Bernice made the newspaper. But she looked like she was a little woman holding off an army.
They chose to travel north to a beach that wasn't terribly far away. The children had a wonderful time and met a new friend to play with. They kept in touch with their friend even after they went home.
She loved the food, sights and people while she was there. After 5 years, it was time to go back to the states. She missed Germany a lot and when she grew up she went back often.
But Nick couldn't be persuaded. He enlisted as soon as he turned 18. His first letter home told his family how happy he was!
She called a mechanic to come help her. He came and inspected her vehicle. Then he informed her that her gas tank was frozen!
She had some Naproxen, and he came to get it. She decided to throw him the bottle out from her 7th floor window. She threw it too far from him and the bottle and drugs were smashed.
This christmas, she plans to take her parents with her. Her plan is to take them to Australia. She thinks they'll enjoy the sun more than the cold.
She bounced the ball into a vase. The vase broke into pieces. Ginny's mom grounded her.
An employer calls him and schedules an interview. Frank is nervous at the interview and forgets name. He was never called back for a second interview.
Surprised, I asked him what happened. He told me that he had a heart attack and needed to eat better. I think now I might start eating more salad myself.
As he limped pretty badly many people looked at him strangely. But Tim ignored them. After all he used to be like them before this happened to him.
Gina rarely spoke to her dad. She was nervous to ask for money. She gathered all her courage and dialed his phone number.
Candy slept through the timer going off. She ran to the kitchen when she smelled smoke. Candy had finally burned a ham.
His mother recommended his teacher for an award. She won the award and the class threw a party for her. Henry presented her with the class gift and flowers in recommendation.
He heard a loud noise. When he turned he seen a black bear running away. He ran home to get his gun.
Ellen called her husband. He came back from work. Ellen's husband brought their daughter to school.
He trained real hard for a year. He also ate right and got plenty of sleep. A year later Steve benches well over two hundred!
When he entered the flea market, he noticed everything was 50% off. Jim felt excited and rushed to check out the selection. He happily walked out after buying three colorful pairs of shoes.
She was happy to be near retirement. As a new semester began she found herself less involved. She handed out assignments and browsed the internet all day.
Rick dared me to jump in the lake. I was about to jump in the lake and I heard something. I looked in the water and their was a big alligator.
I came home very depress. My wife saw that I was depress. She gave me a hug to make me feel better.
But after she finished, she noticed black skid marks on the new court. She realized she was wearing black shoes. So later, she bought white ones.
Jan asked staff if there were any other bananas available. The employee said those were all the bananas they had. Jan decided to buy apples instead.
Charles contacted the seller. She demonstrated the Mac computer and it worked fine. But it wasn't the kind of computer that used the Adobe Creative Suite.
He bought apples. He then went to shoprite and found out it was cheaper there. He was upset he did not go to shoprite first.
Marco put a bag in the microwave. Then, he went back to hang out with his friends. Marco became distracted, and the popcorn burned on accident.
I was not paying attention. I knocked the bottle over. I mopped up the ketchup.
Suddenly, there was a knock on the door. Jane forgot about the pizza. She smelled smoke and realized her pizza was burning.
At the bottom of the lake he found a car. He opened the door to look around. He found a wallet in the car and nothing else.
Nothing in the room fit in the handle slot. Finally she decided to try a Barbie doll leg. It was a long shot, but she had to try everything.
When i already have enough money to buy something happened. My friend got sick and rushed to the hospital. They don't have enough money so i decided to give her my savings.
The book wasn't on the shelf. The book had been checked out by another person. Gina would have to wait up to a month for the book to be returned.
Terrified, Anna took shelter in her tent. After a few hours, she tentatively emerged and looked around. Thankfully, the bear had wandered away.
The exterminator came to my house and said I needed my house sprayed. It took a few days for the house to be habitable again. I have never seen a termite in the house again.
She spotted a cute wiener dog on display. She purchased the puppy at the front of the counter. She brought it home and named him Hank.
Jim told James he did not believe in dinosaurs. James thought Jim was just playing with him. He was laughing at Jim and Jim got upset and left the museum.
Gary went to the doctor and had it checked. The doctor told him that mole was just a dark freckle. Gary was very happy and relieved.
Finally he flies to Utah. He loves the friendly people he meets there. Johnny is so glad he dream of visiting Utah came true.
William wanted to go to Korea and I wanted to go to Germany. So they sent William to Germany. And then they sent me to Vietnam.
He taught him different things over the next 10 years. Joey then left to go to college. Joey and his brother remain close to this day.
The bus was full of people and luggage was piled on top. The gravel roads were very rough and the ride was bumpy. Alice  enjoyed the experience but took a private car back to the hotel
Tom was slowly catching up. At the last minute the power went out. It cleared their scores and ruined the game.
As soon as I called her back, she didn't respond. I also tried calling her a week later however, she didn't respond. I decided to wait for her to text me.
He entered a state competition, confident he would win. He did not train, after all, he was the fastest in his class. He came in dead last.
She discussed the armed forces with the recruiter. She was tempted to join but wanted to think it over. After a day she decided not to join the Army.
He looked in the corner and found a group of puppies. It turned out that his dog had been pregnant. He decided to keep one and give the rest away.
I started it, and that was all I did for the day. It took me a few days, but eventually I put the tiny pieces all in it. I felt very proud of myself once completed.
Although he preferred Canada, he moved to be with his new wife. She was originally from the UK and had family there. He now thinks of the UK as his home.
Since I wasn't familiar with anyone, I felt awkward. Someone suddenly shouted my name out loud. I noticed that it was my high school friend, Elena.
Jessica liked romance and her boyfriend liked horror. They decided on a romantic horror flick. Neither left the theater completely satisfied.
Then Paul argued with the owner. The owner became angry and threw Paul out of his store. Paul told the owner that he forgave him and still wanted work.
She played volleyball with her friends. She thought she was going to lose. She won near the end of the game.
Since he saw no one coming, he rolled through it. An old man on the sidewalk yelled at Jim. Jim felt guilty and sped away from the old man.
I had a family problem and i'm so confused and don't know what to do. Some of my friends comforted me and some ignored me. Until i found out who's going to stand by me and who will leave me.
I ended up missing so many classes, I got kicked out. I moved back home with my parents. I immediately enrolled in community college.
We'd then tell the girl we were in love with her. Well, one of these girls asked if she could come over and meet us. When she arrived, we realized it was my roommate's sister!
When it was finally her time the cashier walked away. Amy asked her to come back. The cashier told Amy she was on break and walked away.
Tommy opened a lemonade stand in front of his house. Because Tommy's lemonade was delicious, his stand was a huge success. Within a week, he had earned enough money to buy a better computer.
She refused to stop smoking. One day she was smoking too close to the tank. It almost caught on fire.
The kids began to jump on the large pile of leaves. Amy later realized they had strewn the leaves back all over the yard. Amy spent another 30 minutes cleaning up the mess of leaves.
When she arrived, she asked to hold the baby. Her aunt told her that she needed to wash her hands first. Christa quickly washed up and then held the baby.
I was already awake. I got out of bed. I made my roommate breakfast.
No one bothered to buy it and ended up closing their windows. Although I didn't want the fruits, I just decided to buy it. Before moving, he thanked me.
Someone finally told us that a girl had given her one on the bus. However, when she got off the bus she dropped it in the grass. When we drove by the area, we got my doll back.
One day her best friend saw her leaving Starbucks with her date. She asked her later on who he was. She told her and was surprised she was not upset.
Her friend told her it would be such a waste to just waste her hair. Linda compared companies that turn hair into wigs for patients. She felt really good when she put her ponytail in the mail.
A shy boy named Dan was running too. Liz heard him say that he never succeeded at anything. Liz made up an excuse and announced she would withdraw from the race.
She cleaned the bathroom, kitchen, front room, and bedrooms. She then washed the windows. Marsha paid the lady, and she left.
Every day, he consulted his daily schedule. Gradually he found himself less rushed and more organized. Tim was glad that the schedule strategy had worked!
He stopped and asked for directions to a restaurant. A pedestrian pointed vaguely to the West. The soldier saluted him and drove off.
She found some that were very cheap. They were used. But when she got them they looked like new.
Last year they took pictures on a railroad track. This year they are going to a beautiful dock on a lake. This has become a wonderful tradition for this family.
Luckily it helped and she made a new friend. One girl in particular Lucy became her new best friend. Lucy was happy she was able to have a best friend finally.
She looked in several stores. She finally found a pair she liked. Millie promptly began to wear them.
I practiced my lines day and night. I nailed my performance at the audition. I got the role.
Gina sat on the loveseat watching TV with her mom. When her mom went to the bathroom Gina sprung into action. She put the key back on the chain, and ran downstairs to her room.
As she watched other girls before her she grew more and more scared. Luckily her mom was there to comfort her through it. She got it done and loved it more than she could have imagined.
Today, Mark changed his playing style from rock to jazz. Resentfully, he played for an extra hour. When he quit, he could hear dance steps through the ceiling.
When he got to it, Colin was very timid. He didn't want to crash the car. By the end of the day, Colin was glad that he did it.
It was cinnamon. Her mother had made her special homemade cinnamon rolls. She rushed downstairs to get one before her brother ate them all.
Lucy then did her best to get a lot of votes. In the end her friend won. Lucy had to try again next year.
He asked his best friend for advice. His friend suggested they go to a new restaurant which just opened. He took his date there only to find out they only took reservations.
Lucy was scared of the oil in the skillet. She was brave so grandma wouldn't know. When they finished, she was just happy she hadn't burned herself.
A pregnant woman with a child in the back seat swerved to miss it. She crashed into an electric pole and died. Dan was charged with involuntary manslaughter for his negligence.
All of a sudden a man began running towards the tracks. He jumped in front of the train, but the train slowed down. Right before it hit the man, the train came to a halt so the man ran.
Each day the farmer worried about which mule to used. One morning he saw both mules standing together. He got the idea to hooked both mules to the plow.
She ended up burning everything. Even the napkins were singed! Luckily, Tim had preemptively ordered a pizza.
Nick liked the beetle so much, he decided to keep it. Before keeping it, he decided to look the beetle's species up. He saw that it was an endangered species and decided to let it go.
I gave it a try. The taste was moist and delicious. It was very yummy!
He drove home to look for his harness. His harness is not at his house. He found his harness outside his front door on his way out.
Our two year old granddaughter was on. Her dad wanted her to say Happy Birthday but she did not. My wife enjoyed the session anyway.
Instantly he was pulled over by a cop. Aaron always knew flirting with cops could get out of tickets. He now has a date with the backseat of a cop car.
Stating it as a safety hazard, he complained to his boss. His boss disregarded Terek's opinion and did nothing. A  worker fell in the supply room breaking her shoulder that same day.
He wanted to know what type of music she liked. When she answered he laughed and said it was for kids. Gina hadn't realized she needed to change music she liked.
Her parents had taken all of her old stuff out of her old room. They thought it would be more useful as a TV room. Sarah felt devastated and unloved because of this.
On the way to the house she tripped. The pumpkin went flying. The pumpkin broke open spilling its guts everywhere.
He took me to the best restaurant. It was so romantic, I could have cried. He kissed me goodnight and walked me to my door.
She decided to try and sell coleslaw to her neighbors. They bought it up instantly! Karen has expanded her garden and now sells coleslaw full-time!
Justin broke his Mom's window with a rock. The punishment for the broken window was two weeks without television. Justin promised to never throw rocks again.
Some people stopped by and listened. Nobody gave him any money. But one person offered him money to stop playing.
The two filled up buckets. Before they knew it they filled three. They made apple pies when they got home.
The rich man gave a lot more. The widow gave more than the rich man. The mite was all she had.
While on the road, his dirt bike began to stop working. Suddenly, Todd's dirt bike ran out of gas and he was alone. Todd had to push the dirt bike five miles back to his truck.
I was called by my Spanish teacher. She gave me the Most Improved award for Spanish. I thanked her and walked off the stage.
Fred got lost and was scared. The next day he tried to find his owners. Instead he found a new house and stayed there.
She went home and dug out her old kettle. She boiled water and added her own tea. Then Ana sat and sipped her homemade morning tea!
At first she couldn't believe her eyes. Then she screamed with joy. Cara had won eight hundred dollars!
John comment on our Afros everyday. His hair was getting shorter instead longer. The last day of school, everyone laugh when John wore an Afro wig.
It was a pack of wolves! Terrified, he climbed into the nearest tree. There he stayed until they had moved on.
The phone still works. I took the phone to get a fixed. I paid to have the screen replaced.
He spent years toiling over it. When he was finished, he discovered that he had carved two left feet. After that, he took up painting.
When darkness fell the first spark flew. It exploded into the air. The fireworks display was even better than the year before.
He really wanted to try playing football. We got some people together at the park and played football. Teddy had fun and scored the winning touchdown.
There is only one more game left in the season. I am starting to compile all of my research into one article. I hope my article is published.
His friends stole his towel and clothes. Tom had to run out to get them. Everyone laughed.
Many of the fans were expensive, but Erin bought one anyway. Erin went home and turned his fan on, but it burned out. Erin had to go to the store and get his money back.
Lisa decided to buy Lucy a catnip toy. Lucy played with the toy for a long time. Lucy was sleepy after playing with her toy.
They had to stand since the bus was already overcrowded. As the bus made a sharp turn, Fred's racket hit Jacob's elbow. They ended up having to go to the hospital to treat Jacob's elbow.
He hosted parties with lines of the finest cocaine. But the bubble burst and now he was scoring crack. As the undercover cop busted him, he felt strangely relieved.
About an hour into his drive, the phone went dead! James didn't know what to do. He turned around and tried to find his way back home.
Tina was very said that her favorite dress was dirty. However, Tina's dad cleaned her dress in the laundry. The dress came out all clean and Tina was very happy!
He bought himself a ticket at the depot. Then he eagerly boarded the train. As it pulled away from the station, he beamed with joy!
He let them know that he had no money to pay his bill yet. They offered to extend the due date a few weeks. Mark was so grateful and he thanked them.
But before he knew it, we was enjoying himself. He watched in awe as the dancers moved around the stage. When it was over he even admitted to his mother that he enjoyed it.
It decided that a garbage bin held some delicious food. After digging through it, it found a sandwich! The dog then left with a full stomach.
The elevator began to move, then stopped with a loud grinding noise. Everyone was alright, but it took hours to get the elevator working. Randall was extremely dismayed that he'd missed his meeting.
She never really let him. Tom eventually moved away. He ignored her completely.
Out of nowhere someone hit her in the face with a brick! The person fled immediately. She needed to go to the hospital but was ultimately okay.
She eats a bowl of cereal and grabs her homework. Her mom packs her a lunch for the day. Sara runs out the school bus to go to school.
All of a sudden, a woman came right through them. She hits the man's head with her bag. After that, she walks away with tears in her eyes.
The cat was on a tree. Sam climbed up the tree but fell. The cat jumped down the tree.
He borrowed money from a friend for lunch. He left work early and went home to search. He was relieved to find his wallet under his bed.
However, he tripped on a side rail and fell on his face. I ran to him to find out what happened. He couldn't get up for a few minutes.
Suddenly something hit him hard on the butt. It was the mother goat and she looked angry. Lucas wasn't frightened and head butted her just as she had done.
She was worried that she may lose her job. Janet spoke with her supervisor about the complaints. She received training to help her be more friendly.
They scheduled him for that afternoon. At the dentist, Jason learned he had a bad tooth. The dentist removed the bad tooth.
I asked him if they had any viable embryos in storage. He said no, but they did store a few of his wife's eggs. We joked about other little Georges if they thawed the eggs.
She also chose to stop eating junk and stick to a healthy diet. She began to feel better and noticed her clothes getting looser. Six months later, she had lost those 50 pounds.
Soon after, she lost track of time. The milk boiled over onto the stove. She was unable to make her oatmeal in such a mess.
She agreed to marry me. We hugged and kissed. I felt proud.
The one that does not go in is blind. I think she cannot tell when the sun goes down. I always have to wait to close the coop when she is ready.
Several days later Will got a call from the school. The police had come to question Will about that night. Will has never done such a dumb thing since.
She rented a car, and the cashier thought she was a tourist. All of her favorite local haunts were gone. Alison ended her trip feeling more like a stranger than a native.
He bought concessions and went to his seat. Jim watched his team win the game in the 9th inning. Jim went home with his son happy that they won.
So they roasted marshmallows. They put them between graham crackers. They called them almost s'mores.
But one day it was stolen. She couldn't find out where it went. Finally her friend admitted to taking it from her.
One morning he opened the cupboard to find that he was out of coffee. This had never happened to Jim before. Jim went to work that day a groggy, under-caffeinated grump.
It made him sick to think of his greed and opulence. Oishi decided to give up his money and live the life of a monk. Oishi found true happiness in monkhood instead of money.
My boyfriend kept cans because his dead mother used to collect them. I took the cans to give to same woman as Cindy at the dump. Turns out my boyfriend's mother was the lady at the trash site.
With ten minutes to spare, she skips breakfast and runs to school. She arrives just on time and aces the test. From then on, Elizabeth made sure to always set her alarm.
Moments later, Marge nodded off, lulled by the train's movement. When she awoke, the passengers were disembarking. She heard them remark about all the beautiful sights they'd seen.
His doctor suggested a risky new drug trial. Mason decided it couldn't hurt and signed up. To his delight the drugs worked and he felt healthier soon.
One day she was at an old woman's house. The woman decided to order a ton of boxes. The total cost ended up being a huge amount.
Sam saw someone pull in his driveway so went to see who. His dog came with him. The dog barked as he met the stranger.
He and a friend rode motorcycles in a canyon. The earth shook and an avalanche of rocks fell down. Johnny and his friends outran the rocks using their motorcycles.
The diet consisted of nothing but vegetables and water. Jill didn't think it sounded healthy and commented as such. Luckily her friend trusted her and decided not to do the diet.
Faced with nothing to do, Peter decided to brave the outdoors. He eventually meandered his way into a club, but there was no DJ. Peter, being a netizen, knew how to spin some tunes and got laid.
We put treats in each stocking. The dogs smelled the treats in their stockings and pulled them down. The dogs' stockings were opened on December 12th instead of Christmas.
Tony told his nephew to prepare to ski down the mountain. His nephew said that was not possible. Next, their tour guide pointed out an avalanche.
When he got home he proceeded to unwind and get ready for his snack. He went to the kitchen and poured himself a huge cup of cold milk. When he opened the cookie car he realized they were all gone.
She decided to schedule an appointment for that same afternoon. When she went in, she was nervous about what kind of style to choose. Ultimately she picked one that suited her well and made her very happy
I didn't know what to do. Someone with tickets really liked my shoes. So I traded my shoes for concert tickets.
But she found the game confusing. Gina was not very good after all. But Gina tried her best in spite of this.
All her animals were seated at the table. She was serving them tea and cookies. It was a great tea party!
She let them know that first class seats had become available. Missy and her family were thrilled and took the seats. The whole flight was awesome.
There were brand new books and computers. And it was so large that she got lost. Steph was excited to explore the rest of the buildings at her college.
Every Friday he would hustle and make money. One guy got so made he took out Shane's other eye. Now Shane makes even more money as a blind dart player.
It led her to a squirrel in a tree. She barked at the squirrel a few times. Then she got bored and we went home.
They were relieved to be inside. Her little sister ran to the first floor bathroom. Her brothers raced each other to the one in the basement.
I was always fascinated by the stories in history. I told my old teacher that I want to be a history teacher too. He said that's a good passion to have.
Everyone else agreed that was against the rules. We all punched him in the arm as a punishment. He stopped playing and ran inside instead.
I'm excited to get money back. It's frustrating and a bit annoying. But it's worth the effort in the end.
Then he took out his report card and showed it to her. His secret was a good one. He had improved his grades in every single class!
I spent two weeks working on the design. My professor said it was the best design in the class! I realized I had a bright future as an innovative architect.
His dog had already got excited and made him put on his shoes anyway. Jack went out grudgingly, but was soon romping through puddles. Dog and master returned home quite wet and muddy, but very happy.
Finally Tina showed up. When Tina showed up she was the last one. Tina was upset she was late.
Mark thought going to Ireland would be cool. Mark planned a trip to Ireland with his girlfriend. When he got there, he proposed to his girlfriend.
He wanted to play games more. The next day his teacher yelled at him for not doing homework. Tom never neglected his homework again.
He was only a kid. His mother and father put his mind at ease. They said that they loved him and needed him more than anything.
The sound of other people smacking and talking made him angry. His problem was his crush wanted to see the new Nicholas Sparks movie. So he decided not to go and is sleeping on the couch for the week.
It was his first time. He wasn't prepared for how hard it would be. Tim slipped and got severely hurt.
She had no choice but to agree. But after the test, she told the teacher what had happened. The teacher believed Tina and gave the bully a zero on the test.
She offered him a hand, and he took it. They began talking while he cleaned up. Soon Ada and the new boy had become great friends.
Ali froze when she saw Val. Val was going to pummel this brat. Just when Ali's friend June came in and saved Ali from a fight.
The doctor told her she could hurt her vocal chords if she sung. Carly decided to cancel the concert. She promised her fans another one once she felt better.
However, unbeknownst to me, I had set my alarm for the wrong time. When I woke up it was already 6:00. I had to catch the next bus early the following morning.
It presented a safety hazard according to the inspector. My sister in law was not there and wanted to know why they said that. She is a bit paranoid.
He decided to knock on the door to see if anyone was inside. An old man opened the door and began yelling at Jeff. My brother ran from the house and out of the woods.
Suddenly, her teacher informed her that she was missing a requirement. She had to add a 3D element to her piece. Emily worked quickly to change the piece and then entered her work.
Unfortunately Tom was unable to find a job after. He struggled making less than other family members. Everyone quickly forgot about his graduation.
Jessie decided to prank May by capitalizing on this fear. Jessie had her friends dress up like clowns. They all burst into her room one night and scared May witless!
The sailors brought life jackets. The helped the crew get off the sinking boat. They saved ten lives!
He was really excited to get to sit in it. His mom installed it right away. Alex got to ride home in his new seat.
Sometimes Jeff just takes caffeine pills. He claims it makes him more productive at work. Jeff works twice as fast as anyone else at his job.
At first, Tucker is surprised by how expensive bow ties are. Finally he finds one that is stylish and doesn't cost too much. Tucker is glad he has a good accessory now.
He took his time making it, which turned out to be fairly easy. After it was done baking, he pulled it out of the oven. He served it to his mother who said it was better than her own recipe.
I was still dressed by parents and was nerdy. I soon developed better social skills. By the end of the year I got better at making friends.
When I tried to land the trick, I slipped and landed on my wrist. I ended up breaking it in multiple places and called 911. I went to the hospital and got properly treated.
When it came time to pay Tina handed over her card. The card was declined. Tina had no other form of payment so stan had to cover it.
Jackson tries the software but he wants more practice. He takes a part time job at a local taqueria to practice Spanish more. Soon Jackson finds that his Spanish is getting very good.
She knew a boy named Robert who also had nobody to go with She was shy, but approached Robert anyway about going Robert said yes, and they had a merry time
She drew, and drew until the teacher called to check her work. The teacher was surprised by how good Amy's work was. She put Amy's drawings on display for the class to see.
One day she locked Allie out of their bedroom. She send her mean notes through the door. Allie decided to sleep in the living room that night.
Jose's favorite game is Madden for the X-Box. One day though Jose lost a game to his older brother at Madden. Now Jose needs to find a new favorite game.
However, on one weekend night, I ran into this gorgeous girl. She was visiting from Maine, and we hung out all week. She left soon after, and I never heard from her again.
So, she sold all her yarn to me. Now, I have too much yarn. As a result, everyone I know will be getting knit hats for Christmas.
One sad night, Sally drank too much and had a one night stand. That night she conceived a child! She raised the baby all alone, finally happy to be a mommy!
Today he saw a coyote on the trail. He was very still as the coyote passed. He was very glad when the coyote was gone.
He stumbled and the bowl fell to the ground. The bowl shattered into a bunch of little pieces. Alex cried because his favorite bowl was broken.
One of them went out and stated to rototill. He tilled into a bees nest that was hidden under the plants. Now the plants get to grow as they want.
Freda brings her laundry to the laundromat to clean. When it is all clean, she folds it and puts it away. Freda is glad that she has cleaned her laundry.
First he noticed papers flying off the table for no reason. Then a chair moved across his living room floor. After that he moved to a new house and never went back!
He spend an hour waiting for the surgeon. When he was taken care of, he got anesthetized. He did not feel a thing and the procedure went smoothly.
But when she lost her voice after an accident, she was terrified. She had lost her livelihood along with her voice. She had to build her life back up from scratch.
She decided to use it for a project. She painted an old dining table. It added more color and fun to her house.
Tim practiced for months. Tim had gotten really good at guitar. Tim successfully started his band!
I refused to even sniff a scent in case I would absorb calories. Everyone said I needed help. Eventually they staged an intervention.
At finals she gave the students a relatively easy assignment. She was shocked to see there was little effort from the students. May decided to just give everyone a passing grade and be done with it.
His father was deceased and his mother was at bingo. I went to the store to get him. Security did not press charges but banned him from the store.
David drove across town to the interview. He waited at the office but no one came. David realized he had traveled to the wrong location.
I locked my keys in my car by accident. I had to call a specialist to help me open the door. The service cost me a hundred dollars.
Greg's friends wanted to buy hats from him. Soon, Greg was selling hats online. Greg made lots of money.
His doctor told him he had to lose weight. Tom was too weak to actually do it. He died sooner than he had to.
She needed to pay the bills but had no money. She started to sing for money. After months of singing, she paid the bills and is singing full time!
He threw his weight in the water. After several minutes, a small shark came and dragged the fishing pole. I held on to my friend so he wouldn't fall in the water.
In addition, several of her papers broke loose from her bag. They landed in a small puddle. She quickly tried to pick them up.
The little boy studied the books on magic day and night. The little boy began to practice doing magic tricks in his bedroom. The little boy finally performed  in front of his friends and family.
He wouldn't even eat the mac and cheese. She had a ton of leftovers because of it. She had to eat them all week long.
Chaz gave Adaline a ring to promise he would wait. Adaline accepted the ring. When she turned 16, they started to date.
She secretly stuck the bar in the fridge. Later she went to get it but it was gone. Her husband had found it and eaten it already.
Several of her gifts were scheduled to arrive after Christmas. She decided to just postpone her celebration until after the holiday. When everything arrived, she opened her gifts.
So Oscar called in sick at work. Oscar was having so much fun at the game he did not see his boss. The next day the boss called him into his office and scolded Oscar.
Court takes her to the doctor. She has strep throat. Court will have to miss the party.
I had activities after school and could not ride the bus. My mom forgot about me and didn't check on me. She probably wasn't even home.
We had lunch as a family. The younger children had an Easter egg hunt. It was a lovely day.
Deb decided to buy more chickens to raise and sell her eggs. All of Deb's friends bought eggs from her and they told their friends. Now Deb has a successful chicken ranch and pays all her bills.
It was now an acceptable time to drink. Ashley went to the cabinet and pulled out a bottle of wine. She opened the wine and got her night off to a good start.
She didn't trust Daycares and felt like she should be with Avery. One day after she picked up her daughter she heard something peculiar. Avery was singing her ABCs and Dina was pleased and felt at ease.
Madonna didn't care, and blew smoke in the guard's face. The guard pulled out some handcuffs and promptly detained her. Madonna spent the night in a holding cell and lost her cigarettes.
When the man brought her bags she saw her guitar case wet. Something had apparently spilled in the luggage trunk. Her guitar was soaking wet and would need to be repaired.
While at the dentist, they gave him two shots to numb the area. Once the area was numb, they began to pull the tooth. The sound and pain was almost unbearable for Bob's mouth.
In the distance a fire truck drove towards him. He waved at the firemen as they passed. One of the firemen waved back at the boy.
I decided to have an affair. The affair made me feel fulfilled. Alas, my wife found out and divorced me.
He heard classical music playing in a house, and identified the piece. The owner was impressed by his knowledge. She let Ben's squad stay in her house for the night.
Dan packed a cooler and a towel. Dan headed off to the beach in his Jeep. Dan arrived at the beach and realized he had no swim trunks.
Fred has been working on an engineering degree because of that. He has a fairly high GPA. All of his friends are envious of his job prospects.
At first it was very difficult. Charly kept trying over and over. Eventually he got a hang of it and painted a pretty horse.
He even won five hundred dollars! Then he enjoyed a Native American dinner. Neil knew he would remember Seneca forever!
Instead she went in first thing the next morning. Unfortunately they had to charge her a late fee. She argued at first but eventually gave up and just paid.
She decided to take the first one that came. It headed in the right direction but then turned around. Laura had to get off and walk two miles home.
Susie was horrified. One whiff and it was gross. She refused to touch it.
Kayla was so unhappy and nervous! But then she got to hold her new baby brother. Kayle realized that she loved being a big sister after all!
Sue stood on the starting block waiting to dive in. The gun went off and she sped through the water as fast as a fish. Her coach's big smile let her know that she had won the race.
She wanted to make at least one dream come true. She did as well as previously, making the dean's list again. She continued until she graduated.
In the morning she decided to go to the Emergency Room. The doctors did lots of tests to find out what was wrong. Lisabeth was rushed into emergency surgery to remove her appendix.
The landlord hired an exterminator. All tenants bagged up their clothing and bedding. The exterminators came and sprayed chemicals.
Tim accidentally clicked that he liked one. He immediately felt like a creeper for liking such an old picture. It was obvious he was looking through them.
All of the employees were in costume and handed out candy. They also handed out promotional coupons. At the end of the day, it was a good business event for the new store.
It was lunch time and the class lined up to leave the room. Gina decided she would trip the boy as he walked past her. But she chickened out at the last moment.
I went back inside and the doorbell rang again. Again I answered the door but no one was there. This time I waited by the door and caught a kid ringing my doorbell.
She found a coach to help her every week. Soon her forehand got better. Now Judy has the best forehand on her team.
Thinking for a moment she realized that she could run to the store. She ran down to the store by her house and bought some things. After a few hours she made a delicious dinner for her boyfriend.
Tom bought a filter. Tom installed the filter to his faucet. Tom was happy with the cleaner drinking water.
Erin's friends didn't take the class seriously and fooled around. Erin was forced to do the whole experiment on his own. He passed, but his friends all failed the class.
She waved down passing cars to see if she could get help. A man stopped and helped her put her spare tire on. She thanked the man and hurried off to work.
I am still learning my phone and it seems sort of complicated. I am having problems trying to find my contacts. I regret buying a new phone.
He had been saving money for a special occasion. The next morning he went to the bank to get his money for his tickets. He was able to first row tickets.
Monicka's host family enjoyed having her around. Over the summer, Monika's host family took sight seeing everywhere. Monicka felt really close to the family.
Amanda continued to color her hair on her own. Amanda's hair started to fall out. Amanda finally stopped dying her hair.
She decided to take a bath instead and keep the tattoo out of the tub. Afterwards, she checked on her new ink. To her relief, it appeared perfectly okay.
I had seen Mark in 2013, but not since then. Tonight his wife contacted me on Facebook and said my email was bad. I sent Mark an email explaining I had switched email accounts.
He did this because his brother was once homeless. He understood that it was easy for people to become homeless. He also enjoyed the free soup occasionally.
Jake purchased all of the gear he would need for the trip. On the day of the climb, the weather was severe and dangerous. Jake was sad to have to postpone the climb.
As I brought my tray down, I saw someone to talk to. I talked to her about the election coming up. After we finished our food, conversation ended.
While walking my dog one day, a complete stranger approached us. He said that my dog was actually his dog that had recently ran away. After talking, we found that this was his dog and gave him back.
Molly tried to pedal, but she lost her balance and fell. She got back up and continued to practice, determined to learn. After a few days of practice, Molly rode her new bike well.
John had to cut a hole in the wall to get to the motor. He took the motor apart and all it needed was a good cleaning. Now the tub works and John's wife is very happy.
I finished before he did. I smoked a few cigarettes while I waited for him to finish. On the drive home I was irritated that I had had to wait.
Dad tightened the screw too much, though. The wood underneath cracked, and the hinge tore loose. Dad cursed and ended up calling a carpenter to do it, anyway.
His boss, who saw a golden opportunity, promoted him. Ramon would now dance during dinner events. Ramon jumped at the chance to make more money while dancing.
Ray could be seen in the backyard talking to someone. Amy could see it was a girl. Amy vowed to never walk down this block again.
At first they were not happy about it. But they ended up agreeing. Tina was so happy she was allowed to.
Rufus sees the bus drive away just as he gets outside. Since he missed the bus he needs to walk all the way home. Rufus swears he will never be late again.
She decided to get up since she was already awake. She took an extra long shower because she had the time to. Alex left her house early with a plan to get to work early.
Freddy was a very large, fat pig. Burt was sure he would get a great price for him. Burt finished grooming Freddy just as the judges came to his pen.
Allie asked her parents why she never got a gift. They told her it was expensive enough to send her to school. Allie saw their point and decided to simply buy a used car herself.
Natasha went to college to pursue her dreams. When she graduated she applied for a job at her hometown news station. Natasha was thrilled when she landed her dream job.
When the teacher wasn't looking Amy stole a pencil. The teacher turned around fast and caught her. Amy ended up with a three day suspension.
She spread the sauce on it. Then she added cheese and pepperoni. Her kids couldn't wait to eat the homemade pizza!
He walked up to a girl and smiled. What a beautiful beach, he said. The girl misheard him and slapped him.
That is until he was challenged by a crafty 8-year-old. Lorde and the kid locked thumbs for 2 hours straight. The kid pinned lorde after faking his own pin and slipping out.
While searching he discovered that a job fair was being held nearby. John attended the fair and received several job offers on the spot. In three months he moved to New York and was pursuing his dreams.
We ate our fill of pancakes and sausage. The kids were thrilled to meet Santa and share their Christmas list. We left the YMCA and went home to make some Christmas cookies.
They were surprised to find the rocks looked different inside. Jon remembered his uncle had a rock collection. He planned to find out what was inside those rocks.
She knew she didn't have the extra money. She decided to buy them anyway. She knew she would have to work extra.
One day, Lindsay saw there was a job opening at a radio station. She didn't have experience, but she emphasized her love of music. Lindsay got the job and is now paid to watch concerts!
When she went to print it out, she could not find it. She searched everywhere on her computer. Jane had accidentally deleted her research paper.
He tried cold drinks to cool off but it didn't help. Finally he had a great idea. He took all of his friends to the lake to swim and cool off.
I figured out that my son had taken some. I confronted him and he confessed. I grounded him for 3 months.
She put car soap in a bucket and added water. She used the soapy water to wash the car. She hosed the car off and toweled it dry.
He went to many tryouts and played really hard. Ethan made three of the select teams. He decided to play for the Dominators.
The doctor told him he could not play for three weeks. He told his coach the doctor said he was fine and he could play. Next game he fell on his knee and made the injury worse.
Some random person was running off with her bag. She called the police and described the suspect. Luckily they caught the guy and returned her purse.
They all had fun. But all the sudden the power went out. She didn't get power back for another two hours.
When I tried using it, though, it started disintegrating! I quickly gave up on it and threw it out. I figured I'd stay with regular old sponges from then on.
Last week however she made a pillow. The pillow was beautiful. She decided to use it everyday.
He and his wife decided they needed a larger car. Charles and his wife traded in their car. They used it as a down payment towards a mini van.
When he saw several more in the road, Doug realized they were coyotes. He scared the pack off by banging a shovel on the pavement. Doug stopped walking his dog without a shovel after that.
Sampson chased her and the girl screamed, fearing attack. The dog jumped on her and pinned her to the ground. Instead of biting, Sampson licked her face and wagged his tail.
I walked up to a lady selling glasses. She had some in all different shapes. I talked my mother into buying me one shaped like a boot.
Tom wanted to stand out. He kept acting up in the background. Tom was fired from the set.
Thomas grabbed three t-shirts and got in line. Thomas and the cashier talked about what a good deal he found. Thomas called his friends to share the t-shirt deal.
When Jed tried to run the QEMU image, it wouldn't work. Jed spent days on it, getting angrier and angrier. Finally he gave up, and learned to love Windows.
She was so excited. Her parents went out that night so she could try it on her own. She was glad she had the new found independence.
She decided to keep shopping. She finally found another one. She ended up liking it even more.
Troubled by his illiteracy, he began to take lessons to read. However, his teacher was Norwegian. Peanut Larry wept as he could only read Norwegian.
Not everyone listened, and then a mudslide came down the street. It took 10 people for a ride down the road for a mile. The next day, there was mud all over California.
Janice turned her passion into a business. She opened up her very own cupcake shop, Janice's Cupcakes. Now she shares her love and talent with everyone.
But while running, she tripped over a hurdle and fell! She did not win the meet after all. Kia was so embarrassed!
Edward tried hard to not look at the solar eclipse, but did anyway. The blinding light hurt his eyes and made him look away in pain. He hurt his vision and now needs glasses to see.
Tom realized that they were really ugly. He tried to not wear them in public often. Every time he did someone made fun of him.
He was injured and this left him unable to explain what he had seen. The photograph was examined by the authorities. The photograph helped authorities remedy the situation.
They were foolish girls who did not know about caller identification. The next day, many angry parents called Lena's mom. Lena's mom forbade her from having another sleepover for a year.
She did research on the painting, finding out that it was rare. She took her beloved painting to an appraiser. Her painting turned out to be worth over a million dollars.
But then one of the group's antics landed Kia in detention! Kia spent a long week thinking things through. Then she told the group she couldn't hang with them anymore.
They walked through some stores and tried on clothes. They found a lot of cute things. The girls were happy they'd spent their day together.
At work they there was a contest for the top performers. Sam was in the top 3 in his department. Sam had won tickets to Boracay.
Tim avoided the friend for a bit. Eventually he had to talk to him and return the book. Tim went out and bought his own copy instead.
He started crying because he wanted to play all day long. Missy told Billy not to cry and let him play. Billy smiled and gave Missy a big hug.
He would often race his friend's car. He was known well at the quarter mile track. Tim eventually got his own fast car.
Tom felt he was ready for it. Unfortunately the test was on a different chapter. Tom passed but not with a great grade.
Her mother had served a pork dish. Val ate mostly vegetables. She only took a little of the pork.
Tonight I went to the bathroom. My cane slipped on wet tile. Luckily I did not fall.
She made her afternoon coffee. In the minute she turned on TV, somebody knocked on the door. She pretended she was not at home.
My supervisor gave me  vague instructions and threw me to the wolves. My co worker knew I was new and took it upon himself to train me. We became close friends and he made my time there much easier.
I am planning to make a new seafood dish for an upcoming dinner party. I fear my friends will consider the cuisine too exotic for them. I will simply be enthusiastic and pressure them into trying the food.
A breeze blew the fly paper into Amy's hair. Now there was fly paper and dead flies stuck in Amy's hair. Amy had to cut her hair to remove the fly paper.
She decided to get a pizza. Jennifer took the pizza home. She enjoyed it with her family.
Jacob was very sad, but tried to live a normal life. When out playing he saw the cat in a neighbor's yard. He called to her and she trotted right up to him and he took her home.
Eventually Tom's grandfather died. He left a will giving his log cabin to Tom. Tom kept it his entire life.
He searched around the room and saw it - a fly. He threw the first thing he could find, which was his alarm clock. The alarm clock broke when it hit the fly, and Steven happily slept.
She noticed how yellow and ugly her teeth looked in the picture. From then on she vowed to brush her teeth better. Luckily her teeth began to improve slowly.
She left the house as usual. It has been clarified when she came back home. Her clock was broken.
One day she put on a big show for a new client. The client was at first shocked that she knew so much. She then revealed she was an insider and told everyone she was a hoax.
He threw it on the floor. I picked the hat up. I put it on our hat rack.
I was eating spaghetti. I got sauce on my shirt. My mom could barely see it.
Tom eventually confronted her about it. Tom's girlfriend claimed she never got the letter. He knew she was lying.
Mimi tried to clean it up but Al was sentimental and a collector. They both decided the trailer wouldn't make it long enough to retire. So they decided to move and take the collectibles with them.
One day he walked up on a baby deer. He was as startled as the deer. Ash had experienced a once in a lifetime event that day.
I was nervous to meet everyone because I am socially anxious. I went over anyway though and managed to have a good time. I hope they can get back on their feet and do well for themselves.
He decided to check out some of his friend's playlists. He found won and listened all the way through. It was so good that the music became some of his new favorites.
I met all my new teachers. I got all of my homework. I went home from school.
My grandmother has since passed away. I continue to create new sewing projects 3 times a month. This reminds me of my grandmother.
Her roommate Beth asked what sort of shampoo she was using. Heidi showed her the bottle. It wasn't shampoo, it was body lotion.
In his panic, he kicked Aya in the chest! She was rushed to the hospital for an x-ray. Luckily, the injury wasn't severe.
I entered a tournament with a lot of prize money. I earned $10,000 with my win in the tournament. My mother actually apologized to me for the teasing.
Will began to do a bench press with heavy barbell. The bar slipped, Will dropping it on his chest! Will decided perhaps he was tough enough, never returning to that gym.
But as it was getting cold she opened her door to it. The cat tore everything apart as it ran everywhere. She eventually had to put let him out to preserve her home.
One day it offered a toy coupon for toy gun exchange. My 8 year old son traded in his guns. He brought in two huge garbage bags full of toy guns.
I bought four chairs. One of the chairs didn't matched. The chair that didn't matched worth five thousand dollars.
The dentist told Sandy that she would get her braces off next month. Sandy could not wait to see how her teeth looked. Sandy was excited to have her smile back, without her braces.
One day the money ran out on this kind of thing. So Ster had to think really hard on how to stay alive. And so he became the worst Twitch streamer there ever was.
For a moment she went to cut some fruit. When she came back she saw a huge fly in her eggs. She had to throw everything out and start over.
His son started writing checks for whatever he wanted. It took three days for the bank to call about bouncing checks. Samuel's son wrote checks for $500 and had to do chores to pay it off.
He decides to wear a hat for a few days. Everyone started asking him why he's always wearing a hat these days. He decided to just shave his head so people stop asking.
He swam out to help them. He pulled them to safety. They were too tired to swim back.
We all thought we would be bored. We decided to play some board games instead. We actually had an enjoyable evening playing games together.
The sand felt good between my fingers. I added a little glitter to give it some sparkle. I mixed it in and rolled it around.
After she got better, she decided to start her own flower patch. Mary Jane grew all types of flowers and plants to give to her friends. All her friends were happy whenever she brought them flowers.
Joe told David not to eat any of the berries. David did not listen and ate the berries any way. David was very sick and Joe had to take him to a doctor.
After graduation he struggled to find any work. Everyone loved his work but not enough to pay for it. Tim had to get into advertising instead.
The next day her parents asked about her room. She told them she forgot. Her parents then said no present.
He had just changed out the bag. Tom realized something spilled in it and created the smell. Tom had to wash the trash can.
Things were happening that made no sense to him. He checked the channel listing. He was relieved to discover that he was watching the wrong show.
His mommy agreed to take him for his birthday. On the day of the circus he wasn't feeling good. He had to stay home and get better.
He designed a huge skyscraper. He was so excited to see it finished. The construction would begin right away.
It was dark by the time the family arrived at their hotel. For three days they toured the city and met with family. They returned home happy and full of stories.
She created an amazing pasta recipe for the fall. It was so popular, it sold out every night! Eva became famous for her inventive new dishes.
She found a social network site for models and photographers. She did a modeling shoot free for a men's magazine. A month later, an editor called her offering $250 for a cover shoot.
She almost cried until her mom told her not to. Alison's mother left. She tried to make new friends and actually like it.
Though his wife didn't believe him, he saved every penny. One day he received a huge tip from a client he was pedaling. Having enough funds to start his business, Ricky went and did so.
Today she ordered lasagna. She started to eat. There was a hair in her food.
Suddenly he began to smell smoke. He looked up and saw bright orange coming from the stove. Something in the oven was on fire but he put it out.
He ran around alerting his neighbors. They looked up and saw a balloon stuck on some power lines. Martin was very embarrassed and went inside and closed the door.
She saw a friend while at the market. She invited this friend over to have a piece of the cake. The friend accepted, and showed up at Maggie's house later.
He had a temper that was huge. He threw things when he was mad. He was always in trouble at school.
He decided to quit his job. In his free time he blew up balloons. Eventually he got a job at a fair at a balloon seller.
There weren't many waves and the water was so still. They came back to shore early. She made the day better by making burgers on the shore.
He stood in a line for hours and distributed food to them. After that he donated toys to be given to needy children. He enjoyed it so much he vowed to do it again next year.
She loved taking pictures of all of the animals. At the end of the day she decided her favorite animal. It was an antelope.
Suddenly she heard a sound and a crack. One counter tile had slipped off, falling and cracking. Luckily Julia was easily able to glue it all back.
She went to therapy and talked about how she was feeling. She was prescribed Anti-depressants for a month. Tom found out that Jennie cheated on him with his brother.
People knew this could mean only one thing. Football season was approaching! Go, team, go!
She wanted to pay for fresh vegetables. She found out her vallet was stolen. She panicked and run away.
He turned on the baby monitor. He went downstairs and got the beer from the fridge. That is when he heard the baby yell, "daddy!"
When he arrived, it was not very well developed. Maurice didn't have a very enjoyable time. He left the following weekday.
Tom tried his best to make everything perfect. Unfortunately the girl wasn't that into him. Tom never get a second date.
One day she ate American hamburgers. The beef upset her intestines. She spent much of the day in the bathroom.
Tom ordered expensive items even though he couldn't afford them. He severely overdrafted his account. Tom spent weeks paying it off.
He was given his name when he had an incident in the kitchen. He wandered inside the house and ate all the Macaroni off the table. Ever since that day the entire family called him Macaroni Pony.
Angel was paying attention to the news report. Angel accidentally grabbed the hot part of the pan. She burned her hand on the pan.
She sang nearly every song on the machine. Her friends got very bored after the first 5 songs. The important thing was that Mandy enjoyed her night.
He tried to train in higher elevations. It improved his cardio a bit. Not enough to make him good, though.
There is turkey and all the fixings. They talk about their crops for the year and the recipes they create. Everyone enjoys the food and company of everyone around.
The girl smoked it and got very mellow. Then customers complained about their food not arriving. The boss fired the girl for being so slow.
She finally found the perfect one. However, it was too expensive. Sally was disappointed she couldn't buy it.
The lady was using her phone and texting. Because edna is irritated with the lady she confronted her. Edna told the lady to turn off her phone or leave the church.
One day he was in a cab with two other sailors. They got into a fight and one sailor pulled out a gun. Bill was killed trying to stop the fight.
Then they braced themselves and stripped to their bikinis. They plunged into the icy water, shrieking and laughing. It was freezing, but Kia had a great time!
At the last minute he chickened out. All of Tim's friend's made fun of him. Tim stopped going to amusement parks after that.
So she decided to close shop. She had to fire everyone. It was not easy for her.
His curiosity, he stopped and walked over to her. He asked the elderly woman why she's always there every sunday. She answered, she wants to remind her husband who had passed away.
His teacher kept warning him. She finally decided to write him up. Miles never got another detention.
He played it for several hours. Eventually he was able to achieve all his goals. Tom moved on to the next videogame.
However, eventually all of that changed. Since I lost weight my pants were constantly falling. I wore underwear as a safety measure.
Tom got a cold the night before the fight. Tom decided to go through with it anyway. He lost easily.
She finally got her to sleep when the dog barked. The baby was up crying again. Abby was so frustrated!
Jane asked her co worker to watch the grill. Her coworker didn't hear Jane. The food burned on the grill.
She had all the blinds closed. I like daylight, so I opened all the blinds. I closed them when it was time to go.
She swept them into the dustpan. She put the crumbs in the trash. The floor was clean again.
Tim messed up again. The boss felt bad. He gave Tim one last last warning.
He heard a knock on his door. George peered through the peep hole. It was two Jehovah's Witnesses preaching the gospel.
Once, while playing her prank, she fell off a high cupboard. She was rushed to the hospital, and got stitches in her leg. She learnt a lesson, the hard way.
Half way through the year, the 1st team MLB got injured. Johnny jumped on the opportunity to show his skills. The next year, Johnny had proven himself and became the starter MLB.
He was upset they weren't getting as much exercise as they should. He remembered his friend had started a dog-walking business. He hired his friend and both William and his dogs were happy.
He started licking her on the face. She couldn't help but laugh herself. She hugged him, happy he wasn't missing.
It was extremely expensive. I put it back on the rack and walked away. I returned and bought it the next day.
The President agrees with the author that the US should develop it. The President orders the Army to oversee development of an atom bomb. The Army created the Manhattan Project to carry out the order.
He wanted to know why a store would dare to sell him steer pizzle. Apparently steer pizzle was somehow inappropriate for his dog to eat. The dog never got to eat his treats, a sad day indeed for the dog.
In his spare time he fixing cars for people in his garage. He does great work at a fast pace for a small fee. Miguel gets two incomes doing what he loves.
John practiced everyday for years. John became a great basketball player. John was eventually offered a spot on a professional team.
She never picked them up. Today we watched her apartment for an inspection. We put the elephants into her closet.
But Fred didn't. At the end of the trip Fred was like a lobster. He was far too red and in pain.
She decided to clean it out. It took an hour to delete it all and cancel her subscriptions. Finally, she had a clean empty inbox.
He was really nervous but excited. He made a lot of new friends! He came home very happy!
She tried lifting him carefully, but the stroller scraped the ground. She was upset to see that the stroller fabric had ripped open. Luckily she was able to sew it back up at home.
I returned home. I was happy with the free stuff I had gotten. My roommate was happy that I got free stuff, too.
She called an ambulance. They found out there were some bacteria in pipes in her house. Lucy needed to change all pipes.
Leighton was freaking out before she had a bright idea. She moved everything under a nice awning with a good view. The wedding proceeded near the gentle rain and it was lovely.
Ryan went to the doctor. The doctor prescribed better medicine. Ryan took the medicine and felt better.
Angel told Charles this sports car has no issues, runs like new. Charles bought the car although he felt he needed another opinion. Charles' mechanic said the car had major problems and was no good.
As the crowd diminished and I could move, I checked my purse. To my disappointment, my phone and credit cards were no longer there. From then on I have been very cautious with my belongings.
Suddenly she felt inspired to paint a mural. She found some pretty scenes online to replicate. Soon her son's nursery had a beautiful landscape in it.
Notre Dame went on a 12-0 run in the second half and took the lead. Carolina went on a 12-0 run of their own. They seized the momentum and eventually beat Notre Dame 88-74.
One summer she went to the Grand Canyon to hike. She was mesmerized by the scenic environment. She was exhausted afterwards but still enjoyed it.
After lunch they planned to add more turrets. But when they got back it was gone. The tide had come in, washing it away.
A flood warning was issued for the area. About an hour later people were ordered to evacuate. Later the next day the surrounding area  flooded in two feet of water.
She gave it a cookie to eat. Soon the raccoon was coming over every day for cookies. Martha was happy to have made a new animal friend.
When she finished Mark went to go get her a root beer float. When Mark returned he only had a empty cup. Mark said he got thirsty and drank the root beer float.
Yuan was surprised at the obstruction. He then recalled there'd been a tornado the previous night. Yuan reckoned high winds brought it down and hopped over it.
If he does not get what he wants, he swears and acts out. Last week he punched two holes into the wall. His mom is scheduling therapy sessions for him.
Jason didn't listen. He stepped on a board with a nail puncturing his foot. He howled in pain begging Shannon to help him.
Angel decided to throw caution to the wind and find modeling auditions. Angel located a modeling audition taking place in the want ads. Angel went to the audition and became a fashion model.
The weather was beautiful in the keys and I went snorkeling. I also spent some time tanning out by the hotel pool. I was sad to leave Key West but I had to go back home.
He went upstairs to shower. It took him 30 minutes. He came back down cleaned up.
The principal saw him leaving. He ran out after Peter and caught him. Peter was suspended for three days.
He was happy to start grilling. But he found out he is out charcoal. He asked a friend to bring him some.
Someone had been listening in on their songs! Not the most practical place for it, but it could be a threat. He investigated acquaintances to see if someone stole their material.
I went to check for him. There was no dragon in there. I told him he was safe.
But when he couldn't hit the ball every time he got frustrated. The coach explained that it would take time to get better. But Billy wanted to play a real game as soon as possible.
Andy eventually went to a dermatologist. The dermatologist suggested Andy drink more water. Andy drinks more water and his skin is not dry.
The test was very important to his grade. He was very committed to doing well. He made sure to put the extra effort in.
She had a trip approaching and wanted her hair done. She wanted to save money so she tried to do her own hair. Lee was successful at her attempt.
He likes it because he can decided when he works. He also decided how much he works. One day he wants to do that full-time.
So when her mom died everyone thought she'd cry. But Irene had her eyes dried the whole time. As soon as she went home though, she cried watching a kid on TV.
When she got it it burned her scalp. Allie screamed. Her hair was ruined.
The next day, he heard a dog barking. He looked outside and saw Sparky. Then he frowned and realized it was just another corgi.
I spend 3 hours yesterday shopping and preparing for it. I got a call last night my Aunt collapsed and flatlined. He ended up having to leave early to go be with her family.
While driving to work, she noticed a woman walking along the highway. Tasha offered the woman a lift to the store. To thank her, the lady carjacked Tasha.
He went to ask his neighbors for some. They were glad to help out. Tom was able to finish baking.
He told me that he could not repair it and it should be replaced. I went to the store and bought a new water heater. The water heater works great and I am glad I got a new one.
Jackie's pants got soaked. Jackie returned from the store. She put her jeans in the dryer.
He heard a twig snap behind him. Klaus concluded it was a squirrel and kept working. The murderer jumped from behind him and stabbed Klaus.
Tom implored his bosses to hire more people. They didn't want to waste money. Tom had to quit because of the workload.
Phillip texted back that he was fine. Then suddenly communication ceased. Philip waited for hours, but he never heard from his friend again.
That is about to change because he was invited by his friend to one. Andrew was excited and was waiting for his friend to pick him up. His friend picked him up and they drove to watch the Lakers.
He sent his mom an e-mail asking to come home and then his phone rang. It was December 18 and a company wanted to interview him. They hired Charles and he worked a whole week before Christmas break.
Day after day, he worked on his garden. And he was close to giving up. But after it was finished, he was proud of himself.
Tim won most of them. His friends let him win since it was his birthday. It made Tim feel happy.
John then looked through the freezer to see what to cook. He decided he did not want to cook. John ended up going out to get wings!
But she learned it was the quite the contrary. She was nervous about falling. So she held on the wall the entire time.
She went to the mall in search of the perfect blue dress. She finally found the perfect one. Amy wore the dress the very next day.
There was nothing left except for an old beer bottle. It had been open for days. Tom chugged it anyway.
He immediately started studying for the LSAT. He felt himself become smarter solely by studying for the LSAT. He did well on the LSAT and could go to any Law school in the country.
But when the dentist came it was not pretty. Ann found out she had six cavities. She was horrified and never ate candy again.
Martin said he would love to go someday. She invited him to her cabin in Fairbanks. Martin thought the woman suddenly became very creepy.
I stopped him and asked him what was in his nose. He pulled out the object and showed me it was GI Joe. Then he just put the GI Joe back in his nose and ran off.
His mother would scold him at home because he didn't pay attention. Marco decided to end this once and for all. He made a pair of fake eyes glasses so it looked like he was awake.
Sammy didn't listen and went ices skating on the pond anyway. Just when he made it to middle of the lake, the ice gave way. He nearly froze to death before he was rescued.
He saw water piling up in the gutter. The leaves were clogging the sewer! James ran out to rake them out of the gutter.
He tried driving home. Tim kept sliding around. He had to park and wait for a plow.
However, Amanda did not see any disturbing content in the survey. She felt confused about this. She submitted the survey anyway, though.
He saw a strange looking man with wild hair. The man honked his nose at Trent. Trent started crying.
He then took many cop training classes. When it was time for the test, he passed with flying colors. He had the job of his dreams and ended up very happy.
She was determined to get back into shape. At first nothing seemed to change, but she stuck to her new lifestyle. Luckily, she began to slowly slim down.
He fell in love with the kitchen. It was very large with a lot of space. He said it was the best room in the house.
Her baby enjoyed the food and ate it quickly.`. Suddenly he developed a rash and began to cry. She took him to the doctor where she learned he was allergic to eggs.
She went with her sister. They got corn dogs there. They ended up with food poisoning.
He tried the button again. He called IT to come look at it. He felt dumb when it was pointed out that it had come unplugged.
The sailor's boat nearly capsized as he fought the winds. Suddenly, the sailor had no clue where he was and drifted for days. The coast guard suddenly appeared and saved him and his boat.
Because of this, she doesn't earn a lot of gifts from donors. When she doesn't earn gifts, she doesn't hit her portfolio goals. Emily was recently fired because she didn't hit her goals.
She frequently opened the oven door to check on them. So the oven kept losing heat. Tina impulsively took the cookies out and ate them.
So she naturally won. But her friends found out and disqualified her. Suzy then gave up the title.
She enjoyed the sights and sounds and smells of the forest. She surprised a deer, which loped away gracefully. When she got home she was tired, covered in debris and very happy.
She found out all her clothes were purple. She accidently threw her purple T-shirt into the washing machine. Now she will need a lot of bleach.
My friend chased his hat. I chased his hat with him. We caught my friends hat.
They couldn't convince him not to. Tom's friends hid his keys from him. Tom eventually passed out at the bar.
This summer, she lost her job. She had to miss her cruise. Kim found another job and went in the winter!
The team jubilantly celebrated with back flips and high fives. While their guard was down the opposition retaliated and scored too. Bill's team fought hard but the match ended in a draw.
He was trying to show off. Unfortunately he cut the wrong wire. Tom was killed in the blast.
His friend was out there with him. They played together with sticks. My son came in from outside.
I threw the toothbrush away. I grabbed a new one from the drawer. My son brushed his teeth before bed.
The bells were provided by the school. I studied and practiced for hours preparing for the concert. Playing the bells at the school concert was great!
Our cat put a lot of fur on it. My wife took it out to clean yesterday. She gave up and said she would buy a new comforter.
His mother, resolved to fix this, took him to an aquarium. An octopus drifted right in front of him, and James froze. But as he looked, he became fascinated and lost all fear.
She went to take a sip and forgot it was hot. Sue burned her tongue. She decided to be more careful.
Jackson found an independent oboe tutor. He practiced the oboe every day with his tutor. Jackson became one of the best oboe players in town.
She squealed as the dog jumped into the bed. She ran up and licked her owner on the face. The girl hid under the covers to escape.
A movie production company saw his paintings and hired him. Brandon painted several of the backdrops for a new movie. Brandon's backdrops were well-received and he made a lot of money.
There they have really long and thin slices of pizza. The store was not a major pizza chain. I ate my pizza hungrily and happily, but never returned to that store.
She did not want her boss to find out. She sneaked into the office. She pretended she had been there since 8am.
But what hey coveted most of all was his bald head. He knew the dangers of being public. Unfortunately one day, he was kidnapped and shaved.
When she turn on the phone someone texted her. She was confused because her sim card is new. Then she realized it was the seller of sim card who texted her.
He pounded on the drums day in and day out. Harry's lived in an apartment with paper thin walls. Harry was arrested for disturbing the peace.
Tila spotted a blackberry bush. Tila picked plenty of berries. Tila made a blackberry pie when she returned home.
My brother filled up the fishtank. The fish tank was full of water and rocks. He put the fish in its new home.
Graham told him no but the baby wouldn't listen. Before he knew it, the baby threw a toy at the TV. The screen was broken and had to be replaced.
The single woman got an email message from a young man. The young man sent a picture that she found attractive. She and the young man went on to date and eventually got married.
It was surprisingly warm. Tom wore it out often. He got several compliments on it.
So she went to loan office. She was not sure she would get it. But she was almost instantly approved.
Today my wife and I went down for coffee. We brought down some cake. We drank our coffee and ate cake.
She wanted to buy stamps, as CVS advertised they sell them. They were out of stamps and she went to the post office. It was not a convenient shopping errand.
Until his wife decided to take a new job. He worked hard at school, made all the grades. A few years later, his design was matched to a cosmetics ad.
He lay on the couch and played with his daughter. She laughed all day long. John resolved to spend more time at home with his family.
The mothers ate peanut butter and jelly sandwiches the kids made. They even got homemade necklaces, but the highlight was the program. The children sang songs and did a dance dedicated to their mothers.
He tried to find some excuse. He told her he needs to help his brother with moving. She understood.
Tom's girlfriend felt otherwise. To his shock she decided to end things. Tom was heartbroken for years.
During a game this summer the score was tied. Charles had the ball and his team needed one basket to win. Charles pretended to be nervous and then sunk a jump shot!
She couldn't figure it out. She finally found it. It was her gym clothes.
He thought the story was disgusting. He said he was never going to fall in love. His mother laughed at him and told him to be open-minded.
Brian had taken almost all of her pieces. Karyn crafted a plan to win the game. She launched atomic warheads and destroyed the rest of Brian's pieces.
It was very confusing and difficult. Katie threw it away and decided to just buy yogurt. It tasted better when it was from the store.
One day he and his platoon heard screaming. He saw some US soldiers trying to rape a woman. His platoon stopped the men and called the MPs.
I had to run and lift weights. It was tiring but I finally finished. I hope tomorrow's workout is easier.
But the bottle was empty. She sat on her couch, curled in a ball, hoping it'd go away. But the more she thought about it, the worse it became.
I realized it was and hurried to get ready. I barely made and accidentally sat down next to him. He asked me if I'd like to get lunch after class.
He didn't take care of the wound, and it became painfully infected. He had to go to the doctor to get antibiotics. After that he never picked at his feet again.
They had so much to drink and were so drunk they lost track of time. The bar tender announced last call. Michelle and Sally realized they were in trouble with their husbands.
As she ripped and yanked through her hair, the brush snapped. Nadine tried her best to repair the brush. But it was no use and had to be replaced.
When they got to the site, the skies opened up and it rained hard. The kids were forced to sit on the bus all day. They came home dry but sad because their trip had been ruined.
Jane dove and her swimsuit top came off. Jane was a bit shy about it at first. They all wound up laughing it off, though.
It was a handmade necklace with a small elephant trinket. She had to have it. Madeline purchased the necklace with a smile.
His school band needed more trumpet players. Benny joined his school band. He is very happy with his decision.
Ms Smith promised to give it to her if she did good in school. Every night, Zoey studied hard and long every day. When Zoe showed Ms Smith her report card, the kitten was now hers.
Bill went home and spent all night writing a poem for Shelly. The next day he gave her the poem. Now Bill and Shelly are in love.
She served it in a fluffy bread bowl. Her family gobbled the meal up. Soup and bread bowls was their favorite!
He made an appointment at the nail salon with his favorite artist. When he arrived, he picked out a new shade that he's wanted to try. Now he's proud of his cute nails.
She was in the middle of nowhere. She drove as fast as she could to find cover. Luckily, the hail did not do much damage.
A white sedan had collided with a green pick up head on. There was debris, gas and oil leaking all over the ground. As I drove by I saw a victim being loaded into the ambulance.
ONe time he was talking to her best friend. Tim's girlfriend got very jealous. She stopped talking to the friend.
He missed four steps and landed on his head. Jim felt dizzy and was rushed to the ER. There the doctor told him he had a concussion.
He decided to go see it and have fun. Shane went to the location of the play and went inside. Shane watched the play and enjoyed it very much.
While waiting for the bus, he looked to his left. Beside him was a large furry dog. He decided to call the Dog Furry Dog.
Finally a friend told him he was probably drowning them. Tom started giving them less water. He noticed the plants started getting better.
On Christmas morning there was a large box under the tree. She opened the box and discovered a Barbie dollhouse. Kim played with her dollhouse the whole day.
While sneezing he closed his eyes. When his eyes opened a car had stopped in front of him. Reflexively, he avoided the car and made it work safely.
A poor client asks her to take her case. She says no. Tammy felt bad for her and helped her anyway.
Timberly couldn't figure out why, so she just trained harder. She trained so hard she was able to hit home runs. She scored a grand slam at their inaugural game.
She also took care of orphans. Mother Theresa died. Mother Teresa became a Saint.
She could see the large tree outside in the yard. It swayed gently in the wind. She turned from the window and went to bed.
The lady at the window handed him his bag, but Larry dropped it. He opened his truck door to pick it up, but hit the wall. Larry was embarrassed and drove away without his burrito.
He looked at the bottom of his bottle. Green algae was growing at the bottom. Lars spit out the water and went to wash the bottle.
He got on the train and settled in for the ride. Later, the ticket inspector came around to inspect tickets. Colin lost his ticket and had to pay a large fine.
She noticed one day the blue in her toothbrush was fading. Jill went to the store later to pick up a new one but they were out. She wound up buying a new type of toothbrush and she liked it more.
So to have a better idea, she kissed Frank. Frank kissed so much better than George, Portia dated him instead. And George found himself without a date or kisses.
Panicked, she picked a broom. With fear in her heart, she poked at the nest. It fell and wasps came out sending Pamela in screams to the kitchen.
It was a bear rummaging through the trash. Tom was scared and walked back inside. He waited until the bear was long gone before going back out.
Most importantly was a new suit It was mostly to wear to the job. Which was what made it possible in the first place.
She decided to risk it and said "Smith". The friend couldn't believe it and said her name was Malhotra. Mindy lost a good friend that day because she was bad with names.
I knew I had to make some changes to live healthier. I started exercising again and cleaned up my diet. I have lost 16 pounds since that day.
There were stacks of old apple crates like a maze to crawl around in. I could climb the trees and look around at the neighbor's farms. I didn't need any toys.
Zakesha thought she looked better after receiving the perm. Zakesha met a new girl in school who'd never had a perm. Zakesha envied how good the new girl's natural hair looked.
A friendly-looking older woman walked into the store. The woman pulled out a gun and started breaking the display cases. Garry punched the woman and knocked her out.
She tried to carefully move it to the ground but it spilled. Crumbs tumbled onto her sheets and blankets. She tried cleaning it all but still all night she felt crumbs.
As i enter the stage i feel so beautiful and stunning. They made me feel that it was my big day. After the party,i opened all my gifts and i love them all.
The battery died. When I was replacing the battery the clipper fell apart. Luckily it snapped back together.
The vet thought the dog was a little overweight and needed a diet. Josie figured she gives the dog too many treats with no exercise. After the visit she began to give less treats and walk the dog daily.
She was looking sad when the nurse noticed. She told Tabitha that she could pick some colors for her braces. With blue and red bands added, Tabitha felt much cuter.
Will planted that tree in his front yard. Will cared for the tree for many months afterward. Today, that tree is the tallest and strongest in the neighborhood.
They watched him closely. He stared back. The gorilla was an incredible creature!
I found a red receptacle for the money in a Chinese supermarket. Normally one threw the receptacle away, for superstitious reasons. I kept it on our porch for years.
Will made a profile, including pictures. Will began getting emails from single women in his area. Now Will is on a date every Friday night!
She is constantly taking tylenol. One day we were in her apartment and found her son's Naproxen. I am concerned about her overuse of drugs.
Even she did not feel good, the test went well. She got an A grade. Kathy was happy.
He bought some products to help. Unfortunately Tim failed at quitting. He stopped telling his friends.
Xander whistled to himself merrily as he walked. Two bikes nearly ran over him! Xander turned red in embarrassment and starting paying more attention.
Unfortunately there was no room in her freezer. As quickly as she could she cleaned out some space. Finally she was able to get her food safely put up.
Kevin didn't stop practicing everyday at his home. He developed a method of quickly dribbling around the bigger boys. Kevin was soon just as good a player as all the other kids.
The dad said because God didn't like them that much. Jimmy said he didn't believe God existed. Jimmy's dad, a pastor, grew incensed, and sent Jimmy to his room.
When he got to the park, he realised he'd forgotten his kit. The coach made him wear a kit that was 2 sizes too small. He was very embarrassed by the whole ordeal.
He started a car detailing business and worked on Saturdays. At first, Jon didn't make much money but he slowly got better. Eventually, Jon had enough money to go to Paris!
He loves it so much he spends his entire check on them. He has no car or home of his own. The price he pays for having his choice of woman at anytime is high.
He began to spy on them every day. He found out his neighbor was dealing drugs. He called the police.
She went to the kitchen to grab some snack. She found out her kitchen was flooded. She had to call 911.
Everyone said they would come. The day of the party her nephew said he went away instead. My wife was not pleased.
Soon, they arrived at the airport. Sasha spotted her dad on the curb. Her parents had surprised her with picking him up.
Soon they were learning about exposure and composition. Sue's photographs impressed many of her friends. Now Sue is a photographer for the school newspaper.
They laid him off due to cutbacks. After he was laid off he went to get his commercial license. Now he is a professional truck driver.
Tom had not prepared for any emergency situation. He had no food or water in the hot desert. After a few hours, another driver came by and rescued Tom.
Her owner heard her. She came rushing out to see what was wrong. Her owner removed a tiny thorn from her paw.
She had the dress and cake. She still did not have a venue. Brittany finally had a venue and her perfect wedding.
A cop pulled him over immediately. Alex spit out the beer in the cop's face. He then drove off and the cop gave chase.
One night Gameboy went outside and disappeared. Sparky was very upset to lose his friend. Sparky's dad took him to the animal shelter and there was Gameboy.
I started flipping through ads this morning online. I found out some stores offer deals online! I'm happy we can just hang out with our family and shop online.
One day he decided to dedicate one day a week to the treadmill. Victor eventually loved to run. He is now running in a marathon.
When she took them out they looked great. She had a taste. It was wonderful and she handed them to her mom.
The next week, the other one broke, too! She was afraid the glasses would not last until the next appointment. Luckily, she had another pair if they did not make it.
Tom got scared and tried to sell. Unfortunately it was at a low point. Tom lost a lot of money.
Pat went for a walk and saw a bird. He decided to write a poem about the bird. Writing the poem made him really happy!
Jeremy's friends dared him to ride across. He did but he fell into the water. He ended up breaking his arm, and couldn't skate for weeks.
He kept track of his hours and showed them to his boss. The boss said he would look into it. Tim never got a resolution.
Knowing this, Will sent to see his doctor. Will was trembling with nerves when she looked him over. The doctor said that Will was fine, having developed a freckle!
He threw the dirt in the air like confetti, getting it in his hair. Olive tried to pick all of the dirt out but it was useless. She had to throw her son in the bath to clean him up.
One boy climbed up the tree to knock down dead wood. He fell from the tree and broke his arm. They had to take him to the doctor so they got very little wood.
She decided to start conquering her fear. She slowly stepped into the pool each day. Gradually she became less and less fearful of the water.
When he was reminded to be careful of poison ivy, he was dismissive. As a result of his carelessness, he stumbled right into a huge patch. Abdul realized he should have read more closely.
They shut off his power. Tom needed to take a shower. He took a horribly cold one.
It was an old brand of macaroni she had loved as a kid. She hadn't seen it in ages and immediately bought a few boxes. At home she cooked it up, enjoying the nostalgic flavor.
A father pretended to sleep to make his son calm. It did not work. A father fell asleep before his son.
We then hiked through a trail to look for a lake to sit near. We couldn't find the lake but what we found was much better. We finally sat under huge beautiful tree and all had a wonderful time!
He prepared everything and cooked things perfectly. Then he waited over an hour for his wife to get home. It wasn't until midnight that the police told him of the accident.
In his hate, he named his pet dog Mahmoud. He thought it was hilarious, as muslims dislike dogs. Thankfully Mahmoud outlived Tony, and was adopted by a muslim couple.
At one point the old house creaked due to wind moving some shutters. The boys were thoroughly scared and fled the house. They mutually agreed not to tell anyone about their experience.
I bought all kinds of crap. I ended up with no money or food. Being broke sucks.
This started when he first made a circuit in science class. The circuit was only small compared with home electrics. Vlad knew that the bigger electricity systems would be more exciting.
The sign was an advertisement for the state lottery. Bob decided to buy a lottery ticket in hopes of winning the lottery. Later that night Bob checked the lottery numbers and did not win.
They've advanced almost all the way to Germany. One obstacle stands in their way, the Rhine River. A swift victory is assured once past that.
Then he did whatever he wanted to. His paint job was sloppy but he liked it. Unfortunately this stopped his art from being better acclaimed.
My new shelf was inside of the box. I eagerly took the parts and built the shelf in my room. Afterwards, I placed my school books in there.
I called the company to fix it. They came out the next day. They fixed my internet.
His family gathered round as his breathing swallowed. David Blinked and looked to them, his last words were nigh. It took them 20 minutes to realize he was dead.
She had never heard it before. When she put it in the computer she couldn't believe it. It was the best album she had heard.
Little Sarah gathered all the ingredients in her kitchen. Little Sarah mixed all the ingredients according to the recipe. Little Sarah baked one dozen chocolate chip cookies.
He always demands what he wanted like he is our boss. Until he shouted at me because he is complaining. But all i can do is to keep calm and stay humble.
They tried to return items that Mary knew they had stolen last week! They threatened her, so she called the manager. A few minutes later, the police showed up and arrested the thieves!
Her doctor offered to tell her. Kim agreed to it. She was happy with the response.
Somehow I twisted my ankle rather badly. I have to have a cast on it now. It makes it even harder to go up the stairs.
Billy and Jessica began reading their daughter bedtime stories. The couple's daughter loved the stories. The daughter soon stopped crying in the middle of the night.
He asked the child to stop running, but the child ignored him. The child fell and started crying. Vincent laughed at the child.
He worked long and hard on a painting of some water lilies. Unfortunately, the school rejected his application. He decided to go to business school instead.
Everyone congratulated Jill on the strategic goal she had made. After gym, Jill went to lunch and ate her favorite meal. Jill smiled as she enjoyed the rest of her lunch.
One day he received word that cod prices had dipped. So he spent a fortune re-rigging his ship for crabs. Only to find out that those prices had tanked too.
As soon as the store opened they all rushed in. The store was ready and was able to help each and every single person. Everyone left the store very happy.
The day of the test, Barry choked! Barry could not seem to remember most of what he studied. Barry knew he did not do well, and he was not proud of himself.
Will said he really wanted that responsibility. The first month with Will in charge of the checks passed by. Will forgot to write and send the checks!
Tim wanted to go one last time. He got friends and stayed there for a while. It was a nice sendoff that Tim enjoyed.
But last night Allie decided to not be friends with her anymore. She found out Lisa kissed her boyfriend. Allie wanted nothing to do with her.
Now it was New Years and Shana expected a quiet night at home. Suddenly her boyfriend asked her to get ready for a surprise. He took her out to a romantic dinner and party.
Tom called but they couldn't fix it for hours. He didn't know what to do. He decided to use his mobile data instead.
They had to make sure her breathing was okay. She passed all her tests this morning. She will be leaving around noon.
He searched every website he could think of and asked all his friends. Eventually, he decided to call the radio station to ask. They immediately knew what the song was and identified it.
Kent hadn't noticed and took a big bite of his food. He immediately spit it out in disgust. Kent lost his appetite after the foul tasting sandwich.
He had no luck. He decided to give private lessons on double bass. He became a freelancer.
The burglar was attempting to escape through a window. The police officer arrested the burglar and recovered the valuables. The officer received a commendation for saving a family heirloom.
She was afraid that the other kids would look at her differently. Then friends explained that they voted for her because she is nice. Emma felt much better about her nomination.
George opened the door telling them he wasn't interested. They busted through the door and demanded money. George was wrong to assume they were Jehovah's Witnesses.
One niece dyed her hair blonde. My daughter, who is half Asian, said the blonde job was hideous. She said the cousin was trying too much to be white.
I ate fast food in a parking lot. I sat there trying to think of something fun. I then decided I would just go home and sleep.
Luckily, the kids' school began a new program offering kids breakfast! Kia was so happy to hear that! Now she didn't have to waste time feeding her kids before school!
But after work she got call from him. He could not go to the movies. He got some flu.
He wondered how the stick was moving. It was actually a long snake. Jimmy screamed and ran away.
When the ballerinas took the stage, Ann couldn't spot her daughter. The daughter was on stage as a prop, not a dancer. Ann covered her face with her program and slumped in her seat.
Don accidentally punch Bob in the face. Bob fell under the water. Mom did not panic and took him out of the bathtub immediately.
It didn't find any, so it bit his finger hard. Bill screamed and kicked the squirrel far away. A woman in the park called the cops on him for animal abuse.
This was because Will knew he scares so easily. Will decided to accept the invitation. Will and his buddies had a blast at the haunted farm!
He walked in anyway to see what was in there. He heard a honking noise and jumped and ran away. It was just his friend honking a bicycle horn.
Tim tried his best sales pitch. Unfortunately it wasn't enough. They were passed up for the opportunity.
He got everything on the list and proudly returned. Once back he noticed they had a lot of that stuff already. He finally noticed the list was for last week.
Much to his surprise, Liam thoroughly enjoyed the recital. He gained a whole new appreciation for dance as an art form. He looks forward to the next opportunity to attend a dance recital.
Lily wanted red but John wanted orange. They argued and tried to prove their colors were best. Suddenly they both noticed a beautiful green and settled on it.
He tried to light a fire outside, but the wood was too damp to light. Without a fire, Davis was not able to prepare any food. Davis decided to leave the cabin and go eat fast food.
At the school dance, Justin saw Kate sitting quietly by herself. Summoning every bit of his courage, Justin asked her to dance. Kate said yes.
I got a huge thorn in my foot. After that day I wore shoes while playing outside. I never stepped on anything painful again.
The coach had them run down on the street for practice. When they stopped they were at a steep hill. Amy huffed and panted the whole way, but she made it to the top.
I noticed something moving out of the forest. I stopped the car. I looked out the window and noticed a big bull moose.
A piece had broken underneath it. I took it to a repair shop. They repaired it for me right then.
He went into class the next day very stressed out. His teacher decided to change the test date. Jim was so relieved.
There, Sara's job was to run the cake walk. When she was done, she was rewarded with some tickets. Using her tickets, she was able to win prize.
The zoo needed lots of help, so they put him to work. He got to interact with and observe many of the animals as he worked. All in all, it was a very good experience.
She decided to volunteer at the local Humane Society. There, Linda eventually was put in charge of all of the rabbits. She is happy that she can now cuddle and care for rabbits every day!
In college I experimented with cornrow braids. Later in college I tried dreadlocks. Ultimately, today, I am now rocking a coily afro.
Instead of hitting the clock, her hand dumped over a glass of water. Kate swung her legs over the edge of the bed into a sitting position. It was a less than perfect start to the day.
We played 10 games. I won four, tied one, and lost five. We had a good series of games.
She is ready but if she works five more Year's she'll have more money. Her pension plan will have almost double the amount if she waits. Robin decides to tough it out for five more Year's.
One day, however, her owner, Teresa, had a tuna sandwich. Teresa accidently dropped the can, and Trixie started licking it. Teresa sprinkled tuna on Trixie's chow, and now she loves meal time!
He would drive too fast and run stop signs. Gary was afraid to ride with his grandfather. Gary decided to ride his bike to school.
He loved ketchup. Tom decided to go to the store to get more. He reheated his food and drenched it in the sauce.
She carefully placed whipped cream and strawberries on top of cake. Little sister went by and accidentally knocked it to the floor. Madison remembered it was just an accident and started laughing.
She see's there's a whole litter of her desired dog breed. She picks a dog to add to her family. Rena is very happy with her new dog.
She began separating items to keep and sell. When grabbed the last box, she found her childhood blanket. She smiled as she hugged it closely.
In the morning his family struggled to wake him up. They opened gifts without him. Tom eventually woke up a bit saddened.
He gave her extra tips so she would succeed. Her second year of running she made it to the State meet. The next year she ran at Nationals.
All the sudden the market crashed. Fred got nervous. He had to sell all his positions.
The man was angry with her, but found her too lovely to argue with. The man later wrote a song about how lovely he found Rita to be. Rita loved the song, and it made her happy while working the meters.
Seth's friend, Bobby, hated pineapples. One day, Bobby knocked Seth's pineapple slice onto the floor. Seth was sad that he could not enjoy his pineapple that day.
His wife walked in after work and saw his tears. She liked his new sensitive side, and kissed him. Nobu decided not to tell her the reason for his tears.
So he decided to have it be a group date. Claire was not thrilled. She wanted to spend time just the two of them.
Her friends told her to meet for dinner at her favorite restaurant. She arrived on time. When she got there, a surprise party awaited.
Baking was her specialty and she was already dreaming of victory! She was so caught up, she didn't hear the timer go off. Her dish wasn't done in time, and she was disqualified.
When the barber was done, Greg hated his new hair. He didn't want to be rude so he pretended to like it and paid. At home, he shaved all of his hair off.
Kia was disappointed. Then the judge reviewed the video and announced that he was wrong. Kia had actually been first to cross the finish line!
When she came into her office, she get dizzy. Her colleague helped her to sit down. Then he called the ambulance.
An FBI agent told Lang to keep the caller on the phone. The FBI agent traced the call to a cell phone 3 miles away. But the phone was a prepay, they couldn't identify the caller.
He decided to start drinking early. Tim was drunk by the afternoon. He regretted that decision.
She decided to throw him a surprise party. Jane's boyfriend had no idea. He was very happily surprised.
She graduated college and applied for many jobs. Kat finally landed a job at a large newspaper. Kat was happy and stayed at this position for many Year's.
He decided to memorize the driver's manual. Alvin passed the next driver's exam. Alvin was sorry that he didn't read the manual before the first test.
She has cancelled all plans so she wouldn't have any interruptions. Just then, her friend called to hang out. Katie declined so she could finish her show.
She told Tim she was bi polar. Tim tried to deal with it. Unfortunately it was too much and they broke up.
She felt brave until she saw other children already sitting. She didn't know where she was going to sit. Then she saw her friend Jody waving her over to an open spot.
We went to bed at 11:45, in the 6th inning. I brought my kindle in, slept, and watched a replay at 3 AM. The Red Sox won.
One day Tom surprised his wife. He left a trail of red rose petal leading to their bedroom. She appreciated the romantic gesture.
He posted a lot of regretful things. The next day he woke up to a lot of complaints. Tom had to delete and apologize.
I told him I'd probably be interested and to pick me up. John showed up in a few minutes and had me come with. We had a great time at the arcade together after we got there!
When he remembered he ran out in a panic to buy a gift. He managed to buy a book just before the bookstore closed. His mother loved the book when he gave it to her the next day.
She stretched her hands towards the bear but she couldn't reach it. She took a wobbly step forward. Her mother took a picture of her first steps.
Then putting minor gambling elements in them to hook people. He thought this model to be unsinkable. Until people stopped caring about electronic garbage, and quit.
One day, Frank bumped into his favorite writer at the mall. He read Frank's stories and told his parents that he was gifted. Frank is today a big writer with five bestseller novels in the market.
He started walking out just to get sun. He would stand in his yard randomly for minutes on end. His neighbors thought he was weird.
During one game he got tripped awkwardly. Frank was injured badly. He wasn't able to play football again.
He stepped outside for a moment to get some air. Luckily his dad noticed and came to give him a pep talk. He felt better right away and happily went on to his wedding.
I turned myself inside out trying to please him to no avail. Then i found the craigslist message where he was looking for man. Then I knew it was a problem with him, not me.
She went to the store and bought a pack of red ink pens. She started using them to take notes in college classes. Everyone teased her and said she was probably going to be a teacher.
All day she was busy running around doing errands. It wasn't until evening that she remembered her appointment. Luckily she called in and was able to reschedule.
He doesn't want to go to summer school. He starts checking his teacher's homework website for assignments. He avoids summer school by bringing his grade up to a C-.
He pulled off the road after falling asleep at the wheel again. There was just enough room on the shoulder for it to be safe. Vince was annoyed when the chirping crickets kept him awake.
The cat looked hungry and homeless. Sarah fed the cat. She decided to keep the cat as her pet.
However, he didn't have any experience fixing plumbing. He ended up breaking it even more. In the end he had to spend a bunch of money to fix his own mistakes.
He started carrying his bike while walking. His father sees John with his broken bike. His father pumped air on John's flat tire.
She placed all of her money into this game. Her opponent made the first move. He ended up winning and he took all of her money.
He picked up Jamey and threw him into the water. Jamey panicked and started flailing about. He realized the water was only about a foot high and felt silly.
Amanda researched on the internet for the class. Amanda found a class, and immediately signed up. After taking the first class, Amanda was addicted to acrobatics.
Joe went to the store to look for chips. He found a good deal for chips and bought them. Joe drove to his sister's house with the chips.
Their teacher heard Emma crying. She looked to see Max pulling Emma's hair. Max was punished and put in time out.
He knew that this was why he trained so hard. He went up to the girl of his dreams. And headbutted her in the face.
I one day got so frustrated with work, I left for home and packed. It took me about to days with very little breaks to drive there. I have lived here since and have not looked back!
The whole family got involved cutting and coloring. Sparky took it back to school to turn it in. The teacher gave him an A.
When she went to the store she bought a pregnancy test. The next morning she took the test. It was then she knew she was having a baby.
A small anomaly caught his eye. Tim checked it and realized it was something new. Tim was excited about his new discovery.
Telly spent most of his life in fear, but also refused to pay debts. One day, Telly was stabbed by a Vietnamese immigrant. As it turns out, the immigrant was a son of a man Telly owed.
He tried using his phone as a compass, but the battery died. He tried remembering his scout training, but couldn't. Luckily Timmy was found not 20 feet from his camp, as he was an idiot.
His parents took him to chuck e cheese. They invited Tim's friends. Tim had a great time.
A shooting star burst across the dark sky. Emma had never seen one before and she forgot to make a wish. Luckily she saw another shooting star later to wish on.
She bakes a pizza with sausage topping. Rohini's pizza tastes great. She is happy she decided not to order delivery food.
One morning, his wife had an appointment and he spent time with kids. Luke was surprised to find himself having fun. He decided to work less, and spend more time with his kids.
He dropped the catfish trying to remove the hook. The the catfish's spine went into Joe's foot. Joe had to get a tetanus shot.
One day Phil decided that his family needed a change. He fired all his employees, closed down the church, and moved away. Phil's problems followed him so not much has changed in his life.
Tim found himself making frequent stops at gas stations. On such a stop in a small town he met an incredibly attractive woman. He ended up marrying her and moving to the small town.
Many people in the halls moved out of the way since I moved too fast. When I came into the class, the bell rung immediately. I decided to take a seat.
An employee did not come in to relieve me. I listened to most of the game on the radio. I watched the last few minutes of the game at home.
One day there was an electrical fires. It started in one of the walls. Tom barely made it out alive.
Suddenly one dog broke free and ran off. Terry chased him along with the other dogs. Luckily they caught the runaway and sent him home.
When my dad died, mom made it even bigger. Soon it was double the original size. Everyone teased her about her building.
She said I should get him golf clubs. I bought him the best golf clubs I could afford. I gave my dad his clubs at breakfast and he loved them.
Angel and her boyfriend decided to take things further by having sex. Angel and her boyfriend bought all the necessary protection needed. Angela and her boyfriend had consensual, protected sex all night long.
Three men approached and demanded money. When the friends refused, the men started shooting. The woman was shot in the shoulder and hospitalized.
She drew a picture of a house. Outside the house, she drew a picture of them together. They were standing in the sunshine, happy.
His parents had to put a lot of time and energy into raising them. Shad felt like he never got any attention because of how they acted. Shad started acting out just so his parents would have to punish him.
He liked listening to music. Tom decided to buy a back up battery. Tom took it next time he was hiking.
Overwhelmed by her options, she asked for assistance. The make up artist recommended a brand to her. After purchasing it, she's glad she listened to him.
She put them in brightly colored boxes. Many people got better on their own by drinking her remedies. The ones who didn't, didn't complain.
She was not even married. She called her mother in tears. It was not easy but she decided to give it up for adoption.
Jerry's wife tried to call him. She wasn't able to reach him because he was in a dead zone. Jerry didn't find out about his son until he arrived home.
There was a lot of pressure for Mathias to become great like his dad. He became a mechanic but unlike his dad he did this at the age of 17. By 25 he was a legend and went on to surpass even his father.
It turned out my water bottle had leaked inside my bag. I had to take everything out and set it out to dry. Despite my best efforts to save it, one of my notebooks was ruined.
They tried to hold a show. Half a dozen people showed up. Tom's band still played their heart out.
She asked the store clerk for some assistance. He asked a series of questions, and directed her towards options. When Alison left she was happy for the help and chose a great wine!
Joe then told his sister, Sally, that his mum wanted help shopping. Their mum then decided to take both of them along. Joe learned that he would have been better off just going alone.
Then i saw fruits and snacks. I decided to buy fruits for her. When i got there,she seemed so happy to see me.
Sally had to go to the doctor and get a cast for her injury. Sally had to wait 6 weeks to have the cast removed. Once the cast was removed, Sally was able to play basketball again.
He was taken to hospital and given treatment right away. Jack stayed in the hospital a couple of days to make sure he was ok. He was sent home with tablets and advice to stop it happening again.
When she was visiting her grandma she asked her how to make them. She took careful notes as her grandma showed her how to make them. Amy was excited to try the cookie recipe on her own at home.
Mark broke up with Rachel for no reason. The next week Mark and Kristy started dating. Rachael and Kristy are no longer best friends.
Looking further, he found a dog caught in a trap. Gregor deftly released the hound, who leaped up. The dog licked Gregor's face in gratitude, and the two walked away.
I slept great in it every night. One day, it felt as if it were losing air. I soon discovered all it had a self pumping mechanism that I used.
Her husband said they couldn't afford those things. She told her husband she wanted a divorce. He reminded her he was also the only one with a job.
The cave reached a point where it was a tight squeeze to proceed. Melissa felt anxious but trudged forward. She got past the barrier and felt immense relief as the cave widened.
I had not seen several emails because gmail put them into spam. My brother was worried as I am not in good health. I finally opened the email and responded.
Getting to work was simple since it was all down hill. Going home was difficult since the ride was all uphill. He arrived home exhausted and decided to practice gear-shifting.
There was trash all around the area. Lisa picked up the trash. She began to visit the cemetery more often.
I filed a civil lawsuit in federal court. The defense argued my evidence was inadmissible. My lawyer objected, the judge agreed and we won the case.
The rest of the trip was spent throwing up in the bathroom. Nothing he took made it better. Tom never went on another cruise again.
As prom grew closer she knew she needed to pick one. She debated long and hard but in her heart she knew who she wanted. She picked the boy she really liked and they had a great time.
Once, her birthday was on the same day as the dance class. Her friends all brought in gifts for her. The teacher didn't approve of the gifts, however, and threw them away.
I jumped up and ran to the kitchen to answer the phone. While running I stubbed my toe and the coffee table. I went to the doctor and he said my toe was broken.
He often had difficulty finding a parking spot for his car. Because of the parking situation, Kevin was often late to class. Kevin decided to move into a dorm on campus to avoid being late.
He then fell asleep on the couch. He awoke to smoke. Jim Bob ran outside and saw his house go up in flames.
He reminisced about his first wife who had died young. She was surprised how fresh the old pain was for him. She hoped she would find a husband who loved her as much.
The Falcons were favored to win the game. Jameis Winston and the 'Bucs pulled an upset victory. From the looks of it, the Falcons are still garbage.
He went in the fall and loved the ambiance that season brings. He made sure to see all of the famous landmarks before leaving. He loved it so much he's planning to relocate to Washington DC soon.
However, when she got home she realized she forgot the sauce. Cindy had to go back to the grocery store. The dinner turned out perfect.
Suddenly one day she began feeling pains. She thought it must be something else since it was so early. To her shock, it was the baby who was early but healthy.
She decided that it would be okay one time. She enjoyed her waffle. But later on she felt sick.
Jeff stopped to check on the vehicle. It had been abandoned. Jeff called a towing company to move the car.
She was getting bored. She walked around the yard. She picked up all the random sticks.
She went to take her test and failed. She tried a couple more times and failed again. She eventually was able to after much difficulty.
The guy said he had mutual friends. Nobody at the party recognized him. Tom asked him to leave.
She felt guilty about smoking in front of her children. She put out the cigarette and said she would never smoke again. She smoked that night and cursed herself for no control.
But when Tina got back she noticed something. The kids ate too much candy. So she fired Stacy.
One day I was studying between classes. I found the student lounge has tv rooms, one to each major channel. I watched a few shows between classes.
Kia could not fix it. She had to call the cable company for a new one. They brought her a remote and charged her $40!
They run some tests on him. His heart was not in a good condition. A doctor told him to quit smoking immediately.
He ran over and discovered it was a wallet. He asked Billy what he should do. Billy took the wallet into the church in case the owner showed up.
It went well at first though soon she started experimenting. Her experimentation did her grand project in. She was left with bowls and trays full of unusable sludge.
It was a house of mirrors. They giggled at the funny reflections of themselves in the mirrors. Just pass the mirrors, they found the animal exhibits.
At the top of his swing Dan jumped off. He flew through the air towards the ground. Dan landed softly in a pile of sand.
Unfortunately all digital watches were for kids. Jane decided to get a smartwatch instead. She was able to customize the picture.
Everyone wanted to have a bonfire. Tim got some wood gathered up. They got a good blaze going.
Annette studied hard. She didn't want to work at the diner all her life. When Annette graduated, she got a better job.
He called his mom. His mom told him to get a job. Harry cried on the sidewalk that day.
His problem was parallel parking. This time he parked perfectly! He could now say hello to the roads.
Until this year when Charlie took a sip of his hot chocolate. There were no marshmallows. Unacceptable, Charlie angrily stormed out ending the tradition
They were friendly but drank a lot. One night the younger brother fell from the porch. Luckily, he only broke his arm.
On her way out of the mall she was caught by security. They banned her from the mall for one year. Annie was so sad but her friends vowed to wait it out with her.
Gina lost control and almost slid onto the sidewalk. The pedestrians walking there stopped in terror. At the last moment Gina was able to regain control of the car
He asked his roommates if they were draining the internet. ONe of them said he was downloading half a dozen movies. Tom asked him to chill out for a bit.
He knocked it over. A video caught him doing this. He was charged with a crime against the state park.
There is always a nice cool breeze in the air. The trees always look so pretty. Best of all the fall flavors all come out.
We put on our costumes and waited for hours to see the kids. Three hours later we finally gave up waiting. I took all the leftover candy to work.
Jayce replied with a single word and then attempted to run away. He tripped though and fell onto his face. As the other kids laughed, the girl helped him up and smiled at him.
Todd  saved as much of his paycheck as he could to buy another car. Todd's neighbors noticed he always walked to work. Todd's community came together and bought him a new car.
He went to the pharmacy to fill the prescription. It was $200! Chris decided he would rather be blind than pay that much.
She had been through the atrocities of Rwanda. Jason was glad that she was well enough mentally to take a job. Four months later, Jason found out that the woman had killed herself.
He was sure to remind his roommate that they had called. Days passed and george forgot. When the roommate asked about the number, George drew a blank.
He bought the goat and took it home. The goat ate many  plants in Joshua's yard. Joshua learned that taking care of a goat is hard work.
She was nervous. As soon as it took off she screamed. It terrified her.
Only Rita was brave enough to go inside of the house. After a minute, she ran outside of the house quickly. It was a skunk making the noise!
Christopher fell in love with the new girl. Christopher proposed to the new girl after 6 months. The new girl accepted the proposal.
She plopped down in front of the tv with some snacks. After searching for a show for a few minutes, she put on her favorite. Janel began binge-watching with the ease of no responsibilities.
She glued it to the base. She got her white paint. She painted tiny white polka dots all over the bow.
She saw that some girls were posting mean comments about her. She felt like crying as she read everything. Luckily the next day many of her friends comforter her.
He would remove his prosthetic leg when he went swimming. He was upset when someone took his prosthetic leg. Trent said that it would take a very despicable person to steal a leg.
Someone suggested we play spin the bottle. It was my turn and I just pointed the bottle at the girl I liked. She smiled and we kissed.
He then put a used band-aid in the burger they ordered as retaliation. The customer found it after biting into it, and told the manager. Derek's manager reprimanded him, but he figured it was worth it.
His girlfriend complained she was cold. But he was barely cool so he didn't turn off anything. Now his girlfriend is mad, she has a cold, and he's apologizing a lot.
We went to the park and met kids. Our daughter played with Jasper there. They are now best friends.
She wallowed in self-pity. But then she realized she was lucky to be alive. Kia resolved to be grateful and happy for her life.
Tom was unsure about using them. Sure enough one of the bullets misfired. Tom decided to stop using his friends cheap bullets.
He liked to do glitter eggs and tie dye. He would put them in the fridge until it was time to hide them. He loved hiding them for his younger brother and sister.
None of them usually scared them. There was one that was over the top and creepy. He returned to that one most.
Max's dad went and searched the neighborhood. He spotted the bike in another kid's driveway. Luckily he just took it back and it was fine.
Alicia decided she would take a picture of a baby giraffe. However, the mother giraffe took the camera out of Alicia's hands. Alicia found it so funny that the giraffe stole her camera.
One morning the newspaper was nowhere to be found. He looked around and noticed a cat holding something in its mouth. The cat noticed John and dropped the newspaper in a puddle.
Despair was slowly settling over Henry. Inspiration suddenly descended upon Henry. Heckles was the perfect clown name for Henry.
They painted a picture of a mountain range as instructed by an artist. Neither of them did very well. They laughed at their messed up paintings.
She came to the cashier. She found out she had forgotten her wallet. She had to go back home.
One day she went to the gym and it had closed its doors. She was unable to get any of her money refunded. Wendy was very unhappy with the gym she used to love.
Will compared styles, fits and prices. Will finally made his choice - a pair of New Balance shoes. Michael went home feeling good about his purchase.
One night, a drunken out of towner slid his hand up Sherry's skirt. Sonny grabbed a pool cue and laid the drunk out on the floor. Sherry and Sonny became fast friends and decided to travel together.
So she chugged six shots to ease her nerves. She got up there and sang dancing queen. She never felt more alive and her anxiety was gone.
She was slow to catch on, but eventually she became proficient. My mother now uses her email and computer regularly in a new job. I am proud of my mom for keeping up with times!
When she got there, she found a table that had the latest releases. Instead of getting five books, Jessica borrowed ten. Jessica then went home and read the books all within a week.
I stopped at a local gas station. I bought an iced tea. I finished it quite quickly.
He eventually went through a whole shelf. The librarian was very pleased with him. Then she noticed the shelf was in the kid's section.
One person got way too drunk. They were allowed to crash there over night. The next morning was awkward for everyone.
They just kept coming out blurry. Finally, she got an idea. She recorded a video of her jumping and then made a screenshot.
A tree fell on Tom's apartment. It caused a lot of damage to his things. Tom was reimbursed completely.
Lucy saw it and it struck her eye. She could not afford it so she cried. Her boyfriend bought it for her.
At the end of the hour, she stopped. She looked over her craft. She was extremely unsatisfied.
People often wonder why he only uses the black laces in his shoes. He tells them that he believes black laces bring good luck. Peter won the lottery and is now retired at 45.
It was barely moving because it had fallen out of its tree. She took it into the house, but her dad would not let her keep it. She called a shelter so they could adopt the squirrel.
He bought all the ingredients. He even bought a large fryer. He was impressed with how great his chicken turned out.
At the end when it came time to pay, Susie handed over her card. It was declined. Susie felt so embarrassed.
He suggested I find a bag in a trashcan nearby. Sure enough, we found one unsoiled by trash after some looking. It smelled fresh, and I was glad someone had been so wasteful earlier!
He did not expect his boss to invite him for a lunch. He tried to find some excuse. He told the boss he already had a lunch plans.
I turned around to answer my mother. I saw the coat hanging in the corner of my eye. I jumped extremely hard, thinking it was a person.
When she walked to the bus stop, she found a $10 bill on the sidewalk. Later, at school, Lucy won an award for a poem she wrote. Smiling, Lucy said that this had been quite a lucky day.
He got so little sleep. By the end he felt terrible. By the weekend, he slept 30 hours.
Instead his brother chose his friend. Tom was really hurt over it. He never mentioned it to his brother, though.
It made him get very angry. Eventually he got himself clean. When he was clean he was nice.
One day when he was low on underwear, he wore the boxer shorts. Brad got injured that day, and some hospital staff saw his underwear. Brad started to believe that the boxer shorts brought him bad luck.
Everyone kept stopping them to comment on their shirts. They sent me a picture of them looking at Cinderella's Castle. Their shirts were of Beauty and The Beast.
Shelly knew he couldn't mean it so she went to his house. He was so surprised to see her show up so late at night. The gesture was moving to him and he decided not to break up.
The two cats played all day. They ran up and down the hallway together. Now Zaddyfracks lives with Jeffy.
They went on a shopping spree. Jess was able to get new outfits. She was glad her mom took her.
The doll she wanted was sold, but there were others to buy. Gloria bought a different doll. She named it after her least favorite aunt.
I looked over their work as a manager. Once the sun came down, I told everyone to pack up. They covered their work and left.
Greg was really nervous about his new position. He started and had a really great first day. Greg learned not to be so nervous.
It would also freeze more often. Tom looked up the problem and found it was an app. He deleted the app and fixed the phone.
His parents agreed as long as he made sure it didn't pee in the house. The dog ended up peeing on the carpet that very same day. His parents ended up making him take the dog back to where he got it.
He set it down and lost track of it. He found it again and took it back. Unfortunately it turned out to be someone else's knife.
Eventually, though, they stole it and hid under the bed with it. When Glenn finally retrieved the toy, the cats had torn it apart. He had to get them a new one the next day.
Casey tried to start the car and nothing happened. He noticed the car was on empty. Casey decided to walk to the pizza parlor.
Later he again heard a knock, and again no one was there. Allan became very frightened that it could be a ghost. Actually it was the neighbor boy playing a trick on him.
Her commute would be 4 miles long. The company is concerned about her getting there every day. She said she would use the bus in bad weather.
He got one of his favorite player. He took it home and put it on his work desk. He liked to sit and bobble it when he was feeling stressed.
Desmond wasn't very successful in school. His parents remained hopeful. Ultimately Desmond took his talents into the demolition business.
Everyone enjoyed it except Paul. And when they stopped at intersections, Paul ducked in his seat. The whole car ride, Paul worried what others drivers were thinking.
When she got to the store, she found the perfect one. The downside was the dress was too much. Kayla ended up not buying her dream dress.
The next big event was Halloween so Janice signed up for that. She ended up hosting a really fun class party. Janice loved it and vowed to volunteer more at school.
Bergersmith's mind was unfocused. The coach gave him a motivational speech. Bergersmith scored 40 goals.
Mister Smith was about to chop it down when they heard chirping. There was a bird's nest in the tree. They picked a back up tree to take home.
Amy finally agreed to watch this show. Once she started watching it she was hooked. They would then have parties where they would watch it together.
His tail wagged and he hopped around. He ate the bone for a long time. Then he hid it under his bed.
They made him apologize to the man and pay him back the money. Mason stuck out his tongue, kicked the man in the knee, and ran. The cops were shocked at his behavior, and gave chase.
She wore it to prom. She looked so good she was named prom queen. She made many new friends after that.
It hit the bottle and knocked it over. The bottle spilled all over her white carpet. Claire now has a huge blue stain on her carpet.
Marcus thanked her and opened the can. He saw green beans inside. Marcus tried to eat them until his wife said he had to cook them.
Phillip decided to try ice skating. He fell and broke his ankle. Now Phillip can't run or ice skate.
Peter chose the trumpet. His teacher told him his lungs are not strong enough. Peter decided to play the flute instead.
Suddenly, they came upon a nice looking canoe. They waited for it's owner but nobody appeared to claim it. Finally, they decided to keep it.
This was because she thought it was a waste of paper. For one birthday, Heather's new friend got her a card. Despite her view, she felt special to receive a card after many years.
While they were getting gas another guy tried to start a fight. Ken didn't know the guy but Tony did. Luckily Ken was able to talk the man out of fighting and the man left.
Than she had to leave for four weeks. She forgot to ask a friend to water it. The flower died.
A New York car cut off an MA car and clipped the fender. The NY car was switching lanes unexpectedly. The MA driver was angry at the NY driver, who was a college student.
She was nervous about how her friends would react. But she was surprised by their response. Sara's friends thought the hijab made her face look great!
The prospect of this seemed dire, he loved coke! But begrudgingly he did and he began exercising. Four weeks later he had lost 18 pounds!
She filled out random bubbles. So she was placed in a low level. Tricia's parents were mad at her for that.
One day Steve took Sue for a walk. During the walk, he dropped down on one knee. He asked her to marry him and she said yes.
But when it was dinner time Lisa realized all the plates were stained. And she had to wash them again. Lisa never let her daughter to dishes again.
They played the game but were unsure if they were doing it right. The outcomes seemed wrong so they read the rules once again. They realize that they played the entire game wrong.
She mixed and cut it. Next I had to repeat her exact steps while she watched me. Making pasta is much harder than I expected.
Suddenly she heard some rustling noise. She got very scared. She could not finish her movie.
But she wasn't sure which place was best to nap. Her pillow was too soft, and the floor was much too hard. Finally, she found the right place - her owner's warm lap.
They waited in line for a really long time. When they got to the front of the line, Liz got scared. She decided not to go on The Monster roller coaster.
I made an appointment for the same day. I waited for a long time while they ran tests. The results indicated I had an infection.
When she parked it there was no traffic on the street. Now in the distance a set of car lights came to life. Gina picked up the pace, trying to finish before the car came.
He needed something to make him feel better. So he went down to a massage parlor. He fell asleep before the happy ending.
She ended up going to a relative's house. She was embarrassed by what she was wearing. Now Lindsay gets fully dressed before she leaves her house.
She thought it would be safe. But all of the sudden the brakes failed. Allie ended up falling out.
However, a bear appeared out of nowhere. It slashed the top of the tent. Rick was stuck for several minutes.
The Smiths initially felt very self-conscious around the cameras. After some months they stopped thinking about them. Now the Smiths even walk around naked in front of the cameras.
One day he got some in a hurry. He didn't realize it was caffeinated. Tom was hyped up all day.
They all gathered and ate and drank. They had a great night! Dylan thanked all his friends for coming to his party.
I didn't want to  get my hands dirty. One day my friend bought me a pair of gloves to clean with. I cleaned the bathroom without worrying about feeling dirty.
I was put in charge of making the sandwiches. I couldn't pick what kind to make. I still can't and the picnic would have been over hours ago.
She decided to go with big windows that would let in lots of light. Ava knew her new house would be full of natural light. She couldn't wait for the home to be done!
Everyone gave the teacher a hug but her. The audience laughed. Susie felt very embarrassed.
Janet went to the local grocery store. She bought a few bottles of ketchup. Janet left the bottles at the counter for her customers to use.
She applied some sunscreen. Then she made her way outside. She laid on a pool floatie enjoying the sun.
When Jim got back into his car, he realized the battery died. He tried and tried to start the car. With his last try, he was able to get the car started again.
They gave in to my desire and ordered the food. For twenty minutes all I could think of was my delicious meal. When the doorbell rang I sprang to see who was there.
Annoyed, Sally rinsed everything by hand in the bathtub. Later, her husband admitted to turning off the cold water connection. The hose was leaking and he forgot to tell her.
He made the hard decision to leave and go to work. But he could only think about coffee for the rest of the day. During break time, he rushed to the coffee shop and binged.
So the vet gave her medicine. But her cat would refuse to take it. Tina didn't know what to do.
When he came back to the car's back window was broken. He got scared his accordion was stolen. He found out, another accordion had appeared in his car.
Exercise was difficult to consistently maintain, but Jon persevered. Eventually he became one of the strongest gym members. Jon is proud of his accomplishments and is often congratulated.
When she gave her the gift, her friend loved it. She thought it was thoughtful. Alicia decided to go into business for it.
She is not very outgoing. She sat in the last roll. She hopes she won't get asked any questions.
I ask my friend to teach me how to play it but i still can't. I tried to ask my brother to teach but still i can't. Until i decided to quit and find another hobby.
They waited there all day to see the fireworks go off that night. John and Bob packed a picnic and became very close that day. After the fireworks, they went home and smiled at the wonderful day.
After hours of packing, my girlfriend and I left for the airport. We spent five relaxing days on pristine beaches with clear water. We were sad to come home but excited to plan our next vacation.
Eventually, the landlord called the police to help evict him. They had to physically restrain Chris because he tried to resist. Chris was then brought to a mental hospital for treatment.
Tim got bit before he knew it. He called 911 and asked for help. They were able to give him antivenom.
He was rushed to the nearest hospital. He had suffered a severe stroke. We are praying for his recovery.
The vet sent Orly home with worm medication to give to Dot. Orly dutifully gave Dot her medication every day for a week. After the week was up, Dot was cured of her worms.
Donald wanted to play classical music. Sharon wanted to play rock and roll. They compromised by fusing the genres to great effect.
She bought all the ingredients for pumpkin bread. She followed the recipe perfectly. Her bread turned out great.
Tim agreed. They packed and left within a day. Tim and his friend had a great time.
The friend thought the flowers were from her ex-boyfriend. She told everyone she was sure they were getting back together. Jane said nothing at all.
Lars noticed this and offered to help her learn the ropes. With his help she was able to become a more skilled server. This also brought them closer to each other, and they started dating.
But as she was a pushover, she didn't have limits. And she was exploited by most to do their homework. She had to call in sick to finally be free of all the demands on her.
But after a year of indulgence, he was bored. He sold the mansion and bought a winnebago. He traveled around the country free of every obligations.
He went in to take a closer look. The shop owner took it down and began to play. The song was so beautiful that Nicholas vowed to take lessons.
Mike refused to get rid of the motorcycle that he loved. Then one of Mike's friends was killed in a motorcycle accident. Mike did the responsible thing and sold his motorcycle.
She decided on a pair of black shoes. They fit perfectly. Stacey was thrilled.
Martha found fleas on Penny. Penny got a flea bath from Martha. Now Penny does not have fleas.
I asked my father to open it. He opened the box for me. There was blank paper in the box.
He liked one car they had in the store. But he did not like its color. They had to order him a red one.
When the season started he joined the local team. Unlike Ramon his teammates did not practice seriously. Despite putting points on the board his team lost the first game.
We voted on whether we should eat waffles or pancakes. We all had a huge argument over the issue. It got so heated that we decided to cancel the field trip.
They were hot pink with black polka dots. When she wore them she felt great. As soon as she put them on, her heel broke and Katie cried.
Kelly took him to the hospital. The next day he passed away. Kelly was heartbroken.
Eventually it came onto a small strip of the road. An upcoming driver didn't see where he was going. He ran over the frog and it died.
She looked at and picked up items from the dresser. She opened the drawers and cabinets and peeked inside. There stood the clothes she would never see him wear again.
She brought her worms and pole and a chair. She sat there all day but didn't catch anything. She packed it up and went home disappointed.
Instead of approaching her boyfriend, he called her. Although they weren't on good terms, they agreed to work together. They found her boyfriend's house and trashed it.
She got the parts needed. She had a mechanic install them. The mechanic costed her more than the parts.
I declined because I had work. They figured out that I was just lying. Now, they don't invite me to anything.
She feels him to but no avail. She lays him down for a nap. the baby finally stops crying.
They walked by the shore. The waves roared and pounded on the sand. Shelly could not wait to return to visit the sea.
Nick was eating some sushi as his mother watched. His mother thought it looked good. Now they enjoy sushi together.
The bottom of the tub was scraping away. Tim bought some re-enameling paint for the tub. He painted the tub to look like new.
As she was cooking, she knocked over the sugar. She scooped up as much as she could. Luckily, the french toast, did not taste bad.
A local news agency offered to do a story on it. Unfortunately the story was really negative. Tom's business suffered greatly.
Diana's mom woke her up in the morning. Diana got mad when she found out that she's late to her exam. She also missed it since there was several traffic on the road.
In the store she could not remember what the fourth thing was. She had to call her mom. She told her to buy butter.
She said little girls don't act the way I did. I told her I only knew how to be me. She hit me hard across the face and said I was talking back.
She had long blonde hair and pretty blue eyes. Every day she would walk into class and take her seat. All the boys in class would then yell "Erica Miss America."
One day he got into a bad accident. He went flying out of the window. Tim died in the hospital shortly after.
Suddenly and without waking up, he became sick and threw up. The wet mess in his bed awoke him. Groggily he cleaned it up and left to sleep on the couch.
She sent in extra money with her application. She'd paid more for the expedited service. Thankfully, Klea got her passport in time.
Ian ran to the bathroom. He was in the bathroom for almost an hour. Ian vowed not to eat from that taco truck again.
He put up some decorations, went and got a beer and sat down. Krystal complained that he was lazy. Marcus told her she was fat and lazy and had no excuses.
Her parents agreed. She stayed up watching Disney movies. Emily was unable to wake up in time for breakfast.
She played Jim a game. I noticed Jim was looking at her legs while she was making a move. I told him he could get into trouble.
Jane bought carrots, celery, potatoes, and a whole chicken. Jane added all of the items to a pot and cooked a pot of soup. Jane's family loved the soup.
A car pulled up to the house, and someone ran to the door. As they rang the doorbell, Hunter jumped out from the bushes. It was just the postman though, and he looked very surprised.
He threw up and passed out. His friends had to carry him out. Tom was embarrassed the next day.
After laps around the lake, they didn't catch any fish. Jake is mad, until he realizes he's there for his dad, not the fish. Jake and his dad hang up the poles, and talk until it's dark.
There was a ton of work to get done. I had to really work hard. I ended up staying a few hours late.
Candace began to dance. Candace slipped and fell. She never danced in the shower again.
Today was her final test. She maneuvered through the driving range perfectly. At the end of the test, she had earned the driver's license.
He quickly went back to the supermarket and told the cashier about it. But the cashier insisted that she gave the right change. Since then, he checks his change before leaving the supermarket.
John searched around for an hour to find the cause. Finally, John looked under the sofa and gasped. His cat had brought in a dead squirrel.
They stretch out crime scene tape around an area. Andrea wondered what had happened! She watched closely as the investigators took notes.
He realizes it was a big mistake. Doug arrives at the car wash. He washes it until it's new again.
He meets a guitarist at an open mic night. They team up and become a band. They still need a bass player.
Billy then shook up the can and set back on the counter. When Michelle returned she opened up her soda. The soda exploded all over Michelle.
As the technician searched, she gasped in delight. She announced to everyone that Megan had twins in her. Megan was terrified but everyone's happiness comforted her.
Unfortunately he almost hurt himself. Tom realized he needed a spotter. He joined a gym.
She loved ballet and wanted to give it a shot. Her audition went kind of horribly though and she surely failed. She was shocked when the next week she was picked for the team.
He kept getting calls from his wife asking if he caught anything. He decided to switch bait for the last hour or so of fishing. Ron ended up catching three fish in one hour which made him happy.
Matt asked Greg to stop the repairs. Greg told Matt that the repairs needed to be done. Matt got angry and dumped a truck full of manure in Greg's yard.
They were made in the old style from the 1980s. I was 35, but unashamed. I put on a pair with kittens.
Danny was very excited and went to the game on his birthday. After the game Danny took his girlfriend out to dinner. At the end of the night Danny thought it was the best birthday ever.
Tom couldn't contain his emotions. He laughed intensely. The midget was rightfully upset.
On the day of the test, Rosa overslept and nearly missed school. She ran and managed to make it in time to take the test. In the end, she got a good grade and achieved her goal!
Her son Jeff introduced her to a Playstation Four. He showed her how this one device can do all those things in one. Deb bought a Playstation Four and sold her other devices.
After realizing what he lost, he tried to find her. He asked around, but he found out she moved away. Alex became heartbroken for messing it up.
We took a bus to get there. We bought a lot of comics and met some artists. We were happy coming home.
Krista did not have red lipstick for fake blood. She used red nail polish for her lips and to draw lines of blood. Krista realized later that it is much harder to remove nail polish.
The drawer was stuck. John pulled harder and harder. Finally the drawer opened and John got his pen.
She needed to see a doctor. A dentist told her she would need a root canal. Mary did not have money for it.
A classmate noticed her moping around campus during the break. They talked and he insisted she join him for Christmas dinner. She ate with his family, played board games and had a great holiday.
She also helps at a soup kitchen every week. But despite her best intentions, she doesn't feel good enough. So she decides to go see a psychologist to talk about it.
The next morning she felt sick. She went to school anyway. When she got to school she got sick and missed her test.
During the performance, the strong man challenged Gustav to a contest. Gustav had won the contest of strengths by bending more metal bars. The circus strong man congratulated Gustav.
He played it for sometime after seeking the permission. He then returned to home and asked his mom for buying a piano. His mom agreed and he was happy playing it.
She tried to sell her songs to some singers but they don't like it. Berly did not quit and what she did is she sing her song. Someone saw her and  she was hired to sing her songs.
We were getting busy and I put one on, only to feel burning. Turns out, I'm really allergic to latex. Now we're looking for viable alternative birth control methods.
I had a dark chocolate pastry and a coffee. My wife had a milk chocolate pastry and tea. We had a great time and will visit the bakery again.
When we got to the restaurant I heard my little brother sneeze. When I looked over he had his hands covering his face. My Dad rushed my brother to the restroom to clean up.
One day, a hurricane wiped his home off the map. He had no options now, it was either rent or get back into movies. Smoke decided not to make a fool of himself, and rented a place.
I climbed the tree and looked in the nest. There was three baby birds. Then the mother bird returned and flew into my head.
The joke involved stereotypes of englishmen, irishmen and scotsmen. Unfortunately, there were some very politically correct people there. Her joke fell flat and people thought of her as prejudiced.
He packed it in a box carefully to prevent more damage. When he got to his new house, he went to assemble it. Nick superglued the wing back and thought it was as good as new.
Randy waited in a waiting room. The nurse came to tell him there were some complications. He got very scared.
Richard rang the doorbell when he arrived. He gave a big hug to his grandfather. Afterwards they had a great time bonding with each other.
One day, Marsha finally went to the animal shelter to pick one out. She decided to adopt a big, fluffy Maine Coon cat! Marsha was thrilled to have a new best friend forever.
He had to schedule an appointment with his dentist for the afternoon. Doctor changed old filling. Martin felt much better.
Sally got the highest number. All of my friends laughed. They rolled the dice again.
He complained about bloating and pain to his doctor. But she just gave him antibiotics. As a result, David never fixed his habit of eating too quickly.
Harold realized that without his friend he had no one to hang with. Harold spent lunch that day crying. The next day they made up, as the friend was in the same situation.
But then the lady was not using gloves. I was disgusted. I ended up walking out.
Jack filled up on pickles and lemonade. His aunt wanted to walk around but he wanted to the rides. On the first ride after lunch Jack vomited all over his aunt.
The fire was choked of oxygen. As the fire went out, Matt panicked and threw on leaves. The leaves were wet and smoke rose up from the fire.
His friend told him to ask the sage how to get more money. The Sage was a 42-year-old man who never left the college campus. He told Charles to go to Las Vegas and get all the money he needs.
Andy decided he would let his son be his handy helper. In addition, Andy would let his son help him paint as well. Andy was proud that his son wanted to help him paint the door.
The phone was still broken. I went to buy a new phone. I bought a new phone for a lot of money.
Tim hadn't skated in a while but still had a great time. Unfortunately he did fall however. But he picked himself right up.
Johnny bought a 'do-it-yourself' razor. Johnny used the razor perfectly. Johnny gave himself a great looking haircut.
She thought she's play poorly, but she won quite a bit! Her friends grumbled good-naturedly about beginner's luck. Kia just smiled, feeling very proud of herself.
They went ice skating the next day. Will fell down again and again. Will's girlfriend teased him for weeks after that.
By the next wrestling season Sam had improved tremendously. He could pin everyone at his school. That same year Sam won the wrestling state championships.
He saw a pretty girl and called her Mavis. He asked the girl what her name was and she said Mavis. Jimmy was shocked and thought he must be psychic.
In his excitement he dropped the keys, while signing the final papers. After a brief moment of fear, Joe found the keys on the dock. Joe breathed a sigh of relief as he headed home to see his friends.
After a little while, I forgot I had even lit the candle. When I remembered, I panicked because it was dangerous to forget it. Luckily, my house did not burn down.
Tom tried one but thought it tasted gross. He kept drinking not realizing they had so much alcohol. Tom was drunk within the hour.
She also left the gas on. Sam convinced her to move to an assisted living home. Dot was a lot safer there, and made new friends.
The chips were surprisingly stale. Tom complained to the worker. They apologized and gave him a new bag.
Not knowing what to do, she started pressing random buttons. It seemed to work temporarily, which satisfied her. The next day, though, it stopped working entirely.
Peg unfortunately had to help a very rude customer. After several miserable minutes, her computer suddenly shut down. She had never been so grateful for a power outage.
He wanted something foreign looking. He got asian characters without knowing what they meant. Tom regretted getting a lunch menu tattoo when he found out.
Suddenly, her mom told her that she would be getting one in the mail. Samantha was confused, and asked her mom why. Her mom had decided to buy her a new one as a gift.
Dozens of people stopped by to sort through the piles and boxes. May gave away items to people who couldn't afford to buy more. At the end of the day May made a thousand dollars and cleaned up.
He decided to borrow a friend's skateboard. But he ended up breaking his arm. Tony's parents made sure he never skated again.
She saw little white things. The wastebasket was infested with hundreds of maggots. She threw out the whole wastebasket.
On the way to the breeder he saw a puppy on the side of the road. He stopped and saw it was a stray dog. He decided to keep this dog and adopt him.
Tom knew he couldn't hang out with them anymore. He slowly stopped going out with them. It greatly helped him stop.
Her parents were very worried. They didn't want anything to happen to her. But Lucy went anyway.
Donald slammed his hands on the car and screamed, watch out! The Driver got out and told Donald to watch out! Donald punched the driver and choked him until he passed out.
Students began to watch how fast he could type. And eventually, he became one of the fastest typists in his city. Ray was very happy to win a typing competition one day.
As he walked it began to rain. He was glad he brought his umbrella. A car drove by and splashed him from head to toe.
Stacey cried tears of joy and immediately called her parents. Her parents were thrilled for her. She then called her boyfriend to tell him the news.
When he hit the ground he heard a loud pop and had a lot of pain. His foot and ankle swelled almost instantly so he went to the doctor. The doctor determined it was a broken ankle and he could not play.
She moved home to the family farm to help out for a few months. Everything worked out so well that Rita is planning to stay on there. This is the happiest Rita has felt in many years.
The weather said there was a large chance of rain. Jane decided not to go. It never rained the rest of the day.
She bought some from the store. She boiled it and put salt and butter all over it. Then she chowed down!
One day, Steven realized that he didn't want to be scared anymore. Steven started to practice standing up for himself with his brother. When Steven saw Kate next, he stood up for himself.
He realized quickly how much more expensive New York is than Chicago. Jeff was forced to get a second job to afford living there. He was surprised at the things he'll do for true love.
Right when he had one full a friend snuck up from behind. They popped a balloon right by Tom's ear. Tom freaked out and jumped up.
Johnny's mother gave him the money to buy a telescope. Johnny went to the store and purchased the telescope. Johnny was now able to view Jupiter through a telescope.
Joe drove jason to the guy selling the boat. Jason bought the paddle boat. Joe ended up buying a kayak he could not use.
Callie and her friends had to place their orders with another waiter. She saw their waiter leaning on the bar, playing on his phone. Callie didn't leave the waiter a tip.
It ended up landing in the forest. They decided to go search for it. Since it ended up lost, they gave up after a few minutes.
She had to make numerous phone calls. It seemed like she would never complete it. She finally gave up and went home.
Jeff's parents told him to behave while they were gone. Jeff's friends broke furniture and shattered plates during the party. Jeff's parents grounded him for year.
She joined a work-at-home site online to make some extra cash. Kelli really liked working on the site, and did a lot of hits. One morning she woke up to her first rejection and she felt crushed.
The game did not go well for the Panthers. I was shocked when Cam Newton did not dive for a fumble. I turned the tv off in disgust when the game ended.
Lori went to the pharmacy. She went looking for sore throat remedies. Lori was able to find throat medicine.
Unfortunately it costed a year's salary. I really wanted to go someplace I would enjoy. So I decided to take a vacation to my hometown.
Sparky's teacher emailed his dad. Turned out Sparky was lying about it. Sparky is grounded for a month.
At one point I was on a small two lane road. A car slid on the ice into my lane and we crashed. I was not hurt but the car was totaled.
He tripped over his untied shoe. His glasses fell off his head. His glasses did not break on the pavement.
Franklin tumbled and scraped his face against the ice. He got up, all bloodied and bruised. He saw the puck right in front of him, and shot it into the goal.
She had never fixed a tire but she needed to get to work. She tried her best to figure the tire out quickly. Luckily she did it which made her feel very proud as she worked.
He found out she was cheating on him in 2005. He moved out of their place and came back home to MA. His mom was glad to have him back.
Doctor saw them immediately. They run some tests on Lucy. They found out she had food poisoning.
Soon his neighbors came out complaining about the smell. Todd reluctantly put out the flame on his grill. He decided he'd have to wait until he had a better grill.
It died shortly after while Craig was at school. His parents replaced it before he got home. Craig never knew the difference.
He had not been successful with weight loss at any point. He hired a personal trainer and a professional chef. After a year George lost a lot of weight and felt much better.
The kids weren't impressed and started falling asleep. Quincy decided he shouldn't have become a teacher. He was much more interested in rocket science.
She ended up walking for a long time. She finally got a cab. She was so relieved to finally get home!
James drank lye. When his parents found him they called the poison control hotline. The lye still proved fatal to James.
Will told her how tired and exhausted he was from work. Gina was angry with Will, acting hurt and offended. Later that night Will remembered he forgot their wedding anniversary!
He was scared, but it was the only way to continue on the hike. He decided that he was too scared to face his fear, so he turned back. When he got back home he felt disappointed in himself.
He asked Christie to marry him. Christie accepted the proposal, even though Nate was ugly. Christie only cared about Nate's money.
She felt very sick. She fainted at work. Her boss called the ambulance.
One of the bullies tried to take his bag. Mike reacted by punching him in the mouth. Mike was able to beat up the bully and keep his bag.
When he walked outside, a man asked him for his wallet. When Garry refused, the man pulled out a gun and insisted. Garry gave him the wallet and then began to bike away.
He practiced really hard, using a hairbrush as a pretend microphone. A video of him was taken by his mum of him doing this. The video went viral and Drake's talent was spotted online.
He tried to go up to one. Unfortunately the music was too loud. Tom wasn't able to communicate at all.
They wanted him to be the designated driver. Tom felt they just wanted to save on a taxi. He declined their invitation.
Will sat outside one hot day with his daughter and the stand. Many people stopped to buy Will's daughter's lemonade. That day Will's daughter made thirty dollars by selling lemonade!
Danica's parents would never like him so she kept him a secret. She crawled out her window for her secret tryst and met her father. He was furious and told her she would be going to boarding school.
But on her way there, she met Matt who said they were not good. He gave her a different address encouraging her to go there. Cathy tried that new place and was delighted with the prices.
She was excited too and they went speeding off down the road. Suddenly a car cut them off and they swerved. They hit a tree, and luckily were okay but they did have injuries.
The day of the festival, she waited in line to see the band. They came up and put on an awesome show. Anna was glad that she got to see them.
All of the sudden they were sideswiped. The passenger's side was hit. Susie and her friend were okay but ended checkups.
I ran inside the house to stay dry. It rained for hours. The sun then came out and I went out to play.
But when she tried it, it was tough and stale. And remembering the of the high cost of it made her disappointed. Sarah ended up using it for French toast.
She assumed it was legit and went to check it out. There a salesman handed her a product sample, the free gift. She felt silly for falling for the sales scheme and left.
I was so excited when I heard. I made my boyfriend watch it with me. I know he likes it too.
He went outside in a raincoat and started dancing. It never started to rain. Everyone in the neighborhood watched Pat mow his lawn in shame.
She decided to bring them inside to protect them from birds. She put them in a terrarium with lots of leaves for them to eat. Eventually they metamorphosed into butterflies!
He took allergy medication daily, which helped his symptoms. One morning he forgot to take a pill, and his allergies were terrible. Will made sure to take his pill with breakfast so he wouldn't forget.
She ate so much chocolate that she was nearly sick. Every year she feels this way. She vowed to not eat as much chocolate next year.
Whoever won would get to paint a mural in the bank. George loved art and decided to enter. To his surprise he won and he got to make the mural.
She showed him a secret route across the US - Mexican border. He bought five pounds of weed for seven hundred dollars. On the way back he was stopped by police and charged with a crime.
Tom often found it looking hungry. He would feed it when he got the chance. Eventually Tom had to call the authorities.
He missed the trashcan and it fell on the floor. Martin went back to working. A coworker handed him the paper and told him not to litter.
So one of the track girls, Cynthia, challenged Ashley to a 50m race. Cynthia ended up beating Ashley in the race by a full second. Ashley never bragged about her running again.
Mike was furious but was called to testify at trial. Mike's testimony was critical to the outcome of the trial. His ex wife's husband was found guilty on all charges.
While they were in college Kyle proposed and Mary accepted. They got married last summer in a small private ceremony. Now they are expecting their first child!
Rocky's parents agreed to buy him one. They took him to the store. They bought him his very own bike.
Timmy had been living on the streets when Anne met him. Anne was a lonely, rich widow looking for someone to love. After some doing, Anne legally adopted Timmy.
She ran to investigate and saw toys everywhere. He had dumped out his toy box. Chloe scolded him and made him clean it all up.
I could not stop eating. I wanted more. I knew I had to go back.
At the end of the discussion, they decided to move to Belize. Theresa being from Belize made all the arrangements. Their first day of retirement, they flew to Belize and lived life.
They figured they had time to finish the game. They were wrong. The rain came very quickly and heavy.
She ordered her ice cream and ran home. She ran into the house. Her mother yelled because her feet were dirty.
He stepped on her toe. He apologized, but she wasn't happy. She asked if she could dance with someone else.
She made plans for that money. No one told her the government charges you for working. She was shocked and wanted answers when she saw it.
He supported them monetarily during their pledge drive. Igor hoped more than anything to procure a PBS tote bag. He was informed that they had discontinued the tote bag.
They sat in Billy's boat all day long. Neither boy caught any fish. They both went home empty handed.
After college, where he majored in history, he was jobless. But he knew just what he wanted to do, and he applied for a job. He was hired right away - as a museum curator!
He received a phone call for an interview the following week. Kristopher lied on his resume and was hired immediately. Due to the stress of not knowing what to do, he quit  two days later.
The ringmaster's introduction rang throughout the big top. Lucy the elephant sauntered into the tent with Lisa riding her. It had been a long, but wonderfully exciting day.
I didn't think I was ready for healthy eating. I decided to mix the veggies with chicken broth. After that, they tasted wonderful.
The jar tumbled off of the shelf and crashed to the floor. Jason's mother ran into the kitchen. She wasn't angry, just thankful that Jason wasn't hurt.
When Jason got his first job he knew what he wanted to save money for. After Jason had saved enough, he bought tickets to see a Laker game. He was thrilled when he finally got to watch the Lakers play live.
Anna realized she had forgotten her money! She had to let the plate skip over her. Anna's cheeks burned with embarrassment.
He gathered what little money he did and shopped for a cheap suit. Luckily he found one just in time, but it didn't fit well. The bride hated it and had her mother, a seamstress, fix it.
Dan sat down and tried to concentrate on reading his book. Dan suddenly heard a strange growling sound came from the other car. As doors opened, Dan rushed out as fast as he possibly could.
I ended up having to call a taxi. Then the taxi would not listen to my directions. Mike is going to help me look for my car keys tonight.
He went about, annoying everyone about how his teeth were the best. To the point where a man became angry with him, and hit him. Now Anthony eats with a straw.
Many of his colleagues thought he was well on his way to becoming DA. Until one day he was caught with a dead hooker in his apartment. He represented himself in court, and that was the one case he lost.
Everything went well, up to the low spot on the trail. It now appeared to be a small river. Rather than cross it, she took an alternate route.
The day of the big game Michael scored 40 points! His team still lost, the score was 70-100. Michael did his best,that was all that mattered.
He got a cramp. He tried to swim out the pool but the cramp was severe. He lost his strength and drowned.
He moved to another pump and it worked. Tom later found out he was charged at the first pump. He called his bank to get it fixed.
He got his license. He worked very hard. Eventually he could afford his own plane.
Her mom asked the dentist to put her under. But as she was too young, Julie had to endure. She came out of the dentist with nice teeth but a sulky mood.
Their star quarterback helped them make the  playoffs last year. All hopes for this season have been dashed. Their quarterback got injured and is out for the season.
Linda began to unpack her bags. Linda realized she forgot a swimsuit. Linda went to the store to buy a swimsuit.
Unfortunately he also fell into addiction. Tom was unable to pursue his martial arts career. He was always upset about it throughout life.
When he got there, no one else was selling corn. Warren ended up selling all of his corn for a hefty profit. Warren went home and had corn for dinner.
The restaurant was only 2 blocks from the inservice class. The restaurant also served cheap margaritas at dinner. So the group planned on drinking and then walking to the inservice.
He wanted to get a specific sandwich. He got overwhelmed by so many questions. Tim wound up answering wrong and getting a different sub.
Tim had to change clothes. He ended up being late for work. His boss yelled at him.
He wished he could accompany Lucy Liu to her next premier. Luckily she agreed and Hugh was able to go with her. Hugh had a great time and the died shortly after.
My uncle had recently recovered from a bad motorcycle accident. He was said to be mentally unstable. He constantly asked me for petty things and I sadly turned him down.
She did not feel like getting in the laundry and waited till dark. While bringing in the laundry, she heard something flap in a shirt. Before she knew it, a bat was chasing her back into the house.
Unfortunately Binch fudged the books one too many times. When the men came to audit him he went up to the roof. A plane hit the building before he could jump, awarding him insurance.
But Mary got more and more depressed. She did not want to stay with Mark anymore. They divorced.
One day, it stopped working. I searched for the problem, but could not figure it out. My friend finally told me that he broke the controller.
She ran circles around the table. She panted as she ran. Everyone laughed at her antics.
However later she was charged more than sixty. Allie couldn't believe it. She had spent most of her wallet.
She was wrong the pig grew to be 350 pounds! Marge decided to be a responsible pet owner and still loved Maggie. She kept Maggie until she passed away.
They would swim for hours. At the end of a pool day, they were tan and tired. They would go home and rest on the couch all evening.
Then, a girl in front of him turned around and looked at him. Joshua blurted out it wasn't him! The girl looked confused, and said she just wanted to borrow a pen.
The man did this for everyone on the block. He had so many cans he didn't know where to put them all. He had to store most of them all in his shed.
The group was called tribe called quest. I played one of their songs "1nce Again" over and over. As I got older I never stopped listening to them.
In an attempt to impress his teacher Unther, he cheated. Unther was disappointed in Arthur. Arthur was beaten up by a mob of angry fans, along with Unther.
He wanted to have fun. Instead he turned down the offer. He figured it would be fun to watch tv and fall asleep.
The officer looked at him like he was crazy. He told Miles that they were at war with terrorists. Miles realized he was never very good at history.
One of the trees fell across a power line, making the power go out. Bob's family lit candles and used flashlights to help them see. The next morning, the power company fixed the lines.
Riley noticed a coupon for a burger place. She pointed it out to Adam. Together, they decided to go there for lunch.
John was so sad. The nurse made him feel better. She gave John a Lollipop since he was down.
It skipped three times and then fell underneath the water. His brother smiled and then threw his own rock. It skipped over six times, much farther than Theo's.
They were so excited to tackle this together. Months Later, Bea ended up having a boy. Her friend had a girl and they knew it was meant to be.
She was at a store she visited every week, and the manager knew her. Since Sally had always been nice, the manager gave her a discount. Sally was so appreciative that she then shopped there twice as much.
She wiggled the key around angrily. Suddenly she heard a snap and the key broke in half. She had to call a professional out to deal with it.
Ana was doubtful, but she followed the instructions. When the stew was done, she warily sampled it. Then she grinned - it was delicious!
Starting a rookie at quarterback, they completely controlled the game. They beat the Browns by a final of 29-10. The rookie threw several touchdowns with no picks and looks good.
The glass shattered into pieces. Tom tried to clean it all up but missed a piece. He was stuck by it later.
They did not have much and first took menial jobs. My mother eventually became a registered nurse for a hospital. Me and my brother have visited her at work plenty of times.
She decides to wear her new favorite outfit. Brittany can't find the clothes anywhere. Brittany's mom had already laid out her favorite outfit for her.
We got in line for the test. I took the test. I got my driver's license.
Angry and humiliated, his wife filed for a divorce. The bad publicity and sordid details also ruined Bob's career. His reputation shattered, Bob moved away to try and start over.
Angie was scared, so she called the police. The police came and questioned the stranger at the door. The stranger was confused and did not know where he was.
The cops came to talk to her in the hospital. They informed her that her car was totaled. She was really upset because she couldn't afford to fix it.
However, Burt's pick of the motorcycle riders was difficult to find. They almost gave up, when they heard the motorcycle engines revving. Around the next stall they found the riders putting on their show.
None of his students understood the lesson. Wilton became very frustrated at his class. He decided to go the dean and quit.
I bought several groceries. I went to the cashier with my items and paid for them. Then I wheeled my cart to my car, unloaded, then went home.
But he was addicted to pornography. He preferred pornography to having actual sex with me. Pornography ruined our relationship.
Jill hired a contractor and the work started. Jill watched as the run down house turned into a palace. Jill was so happy when she moved into the house.
Once, she had Lembit Opik on her show. He talked a lot. Jackie was unable to ask the right questions because of his talking.
She put it in the cupboard and it melted. I told her all we sell is ice cream cakes. She demanded a full refund because she let her cake melt.
His children worried about him. They tried to distract him with stories they had just experienced. But Jim couldn't escape the trap of his mind.
I could not see the girl coming toward me. I ran right into her. She was okay.
Jan, the elephant trainer, explained all the steps. Soon, Lisa was scrubbing the elephant with telescoping brush. By the end, Lisa was as soaked as the elephant.
The baby in the stroller proceeded to fall out of the bottom. The baby was passed seamlessly between 3 people. The baby settled in Chad's lap at the bottom of the stairs.
Though he'd given them everything they needed. One day his wife looked over his garden and laughed. Crungle had planted his garden in sand.
MOVE had barricaded themselves in a home on 62nd and Osage Avenue. Shortly after 6:30 pm, the mayor ordered a bomb dropped on the house. Their house and an entire city block of houses burned to the ground.
After driving all through the night, they made it. They drove around looks for storm clouds the next day. Just when they had given up, a tornado formed 100 yards away from them.
She was almost ready to take pictures when she saw herself. Her mouth was totally blue from the candy. All of her pictures from the night ended up looking ridiculous.
One cloudy day, I was walking down the street and it started raining. At first I was mortified, but then I felt very much alive. The soft rain hitting my face and body felt very good and pleasurable.
There was a long line I had to wait in. After an hour I finally got my turn to ride the roller coaster. I hated it and I will never ever ride it again.
Once, he lit his shirt on fire to prove his manliness. He forgot to stop, drop and roll. Subsequently, Adam got 2rd degree burns from his stunt.
Three days later, the gift had still not arrived. Will called the Amazon corporate hotline. They informed Will the package was lost but they would replace it.
Ben sat in front of the school after his meeting. After a few hours, he grew impatient and started to cry. His mom showed up during the night time.
She watered them every day. When they were almost ready to bloom, there was a drought. All of her plants died.
The basement had spiders, and she didn't want to reach back there! The ring was valuable, though, so she knew she might have to do it. Just then, her husband came home, found the ring, and saved the day!
The instructor tried to help her relax. Jane was able to do well. She passed and got her license.
She called her neighbors to see if they have her dog and they didn't. So she posted poster with a picture of her dog all over town. Three weeks later someone called because they found her dog.
Barry noticed spider webs on the ceiling. He was disgusted by the spider webs. Barry cleaned his ceiling.
When it arrived they ate it all hungrily. The next morning, though, Tom was sick from food poisoning. Indian food was ruined for him forever after.
She bought lots of ingredients and supplies to make her cookies. Layla brought her new cookies to the farmer's market to sell. Everyone loved the cookies, and that was the start of her business.
Whoever had the least amount of corrections at the end of the week won. All the women cleaned to their best ability that week. Because Pam had just started working that day, she won the contest.
Tom thought of a picnic. Tom would set up the picnic on a hill in the night. His girlfriend was impressed at his efforts.
Finally she went and looked for some tissue. There was none in the stall. And she was all alone in the bathroom.
Trisha made up a story about how she was dating a boy in her class. Trisha then told the class she and her boyfriend broke up. Trisha successfully lied to her entire class to get attention.
He ran to see what happened. A tree branch had crashed through his window. Tom was scared but relieved.
I played a bunch of tennis as an adult. When I played Ping Pong again, I played like it was tennis. I was a lot better.
They got wet and cold. They came home. Their mom made them sweet tea.
I myself couldn't resist messing with the guy, in honor of my friend. The jerk pulled up to the building to pick up his assignments, I spang. Onto the hood of his car I went with him yelling and screaming after.
We played all sorts of games, but one day I decided to tree climb. I climbed up the tallest tree in the neighborhood. I grabbed for a branch that wasn't there, and fell two stories!
So she set it down. But unfortunately the bag was stolen. Suzy freaked out and asked everyone at the club to look for it.
Celia was the cafeteria manager. Celia decided to serve the students a bagged lunch. The students were given their lunches and ate outside.
He finally found someone who would make him famous. He signed a million dollar music contract. He ended up being very happy.
Kia contacted the police and the dealership. They traced the car's location and arrested the thief. Then Kia, relieved, got her car back!
She searched everywhere for the photo with no luck. She began to grow upset as the photo meant a lot to her. Luckily she found out her toddler had found it and had it.
She had always wanted jury duty. However the case she got was boring. Sue spent all day at courthouse being bored.
But then he remembered he had high blood pressure. He made sure to take extra medication to help him. He felt slightly better after that.
However, one weekend she attends a party where only steak is served. She loves the steak that she eats. Maya decides that she should never have lived without steak.
Today was Nero's first test. Nero was startled at first but then enjoyed every minute of the test. Nero came in second place, pleasing Ben enormously.
She decided to take a bath. Thankfully it went away. She was able to carry on.
He wasn't sure what he was going to do. He went on several interviews. He finally found his dream job.
He pulled a rabbit out of his hat. Then he put the rabbit back inside the hat. The rabbit disappeared and Tommy was astonished.
I had never tasted curry until I came to visit two months ago. I have now had curry forced down my throat for 42 days. I really do love curry though, but I miss sushi.
She turned on her air conditioning. She made it extremely cold in the house. After an hour, Claudia was tired of the cold.
After the concert she told Martin, she did not like it. He asked her who is her favorite artist. She said Kenny G.
She's been in a cult for the past five years and they never told me. I asked my mom why they let my sister join a cult. She told me she thought it would be good for her.
One day, Lulu slept through her alarm. If she didn't wake up she would miss her train. Her bird friends expected her, and woke her up just in time.
She got food from a restaurant. She reheated it and served it to Carl in a romantic setting. Carl knew she didn't cook but enjoyed the meal.
Suddenly, the big dog appeared. He jumped right into the John's cup of coffee. Coffee ended up on the floor.
She returned home and got to work. Katie spent the next few hours making her pie. Her family loved the homemade apple pie!
She realized it was her wedding ring. Leticia tried to pry open the vacuum to retrieve it. She accidentally turned it on and it sucked up her hand.
She wanted to participate but felt terribly sick. Luckily her teacher had brought sick band remedies. She wore the bracelet and felt mostly better.
A friend kept asking to play his own music. Tim kept telling him no and getting annoyed. Eventually Tim's friend got angry and left.
Cindy asked her mom if she could buy her the candy bar. Cindy's mom said no because it was not healthy. Cindy decided to steal the candy bar and put it into her pocket.
She wasn't paying attention and cut her gums. She started to bleed quite a lot. She rinsed her mouth out with water.
Nolan took a shower and went to sleep on the sofa. Then he saw a scary shadow. He turned on the light, but it was just the lamp.
John did not meet the deadline. As a result his presentation was incomplete. John was fired from the job.
When the teacher gave him his test, he couldn't find the answers. So when the alarm bell rang, he was relieved. He went out with the other students and his test was cancelled.
Will took care of his buddy's needs. Finally, Will presented the ring during the ceremony. Will received a very nice thank you gift from his newly married pal.
She went to a new stylist. She got her hair cut. She absolutely loved her new style.
Janie realized she forgot her paycheck at home. Janie drove back home to get the check. She returned to the bank to make the deposit.
She went to the store to buy a sign. The sign said to beware of poison oak. The kids no longer pass through her yard.
While peddling over a bridge a car veered toward him. Drenched in sweat and tired, he peddled furiously to avoid the car. Ryan dodged, stopped, and yelled an expletive at the car as it passed.
It made her cry and cry. Becka was embarrassed when her makeup ran all over her face. She swore she wouldn't see sad movies in the theater anymore.
However, Andy had heard too many horror stories about I-75. Andy decided he would take his normal route, as he felt it was safer. Andy knew he made the right decision about what route to take.
His friends pressured him into it. Tim wound up drinking more than he should. He threw up and had to be taken home.
He picked out a song. He practiced very hard. His family came to watch.
I grabbed a stool nearby. I was able to reach the pan. I put the stool away.
Miranda was accepted into college. She studied very hard. Miranda is a dentist now.
A teacher told him to play some scales. Don really was not ready for that. After that they played some duets with teacher.
He took it out of the freezer and put it in the oven. It took two hours to bake! The lasagna dried out too much and was no good.
They were excited to see other. They could not wait to catch up and see their team play. Unfortunately, their team did not win.
Tim fell out of his seat in one of them. The seat belt had snapped. The family was furious but couldn't do anything about it.
He opened his windows to let in the spring breeze. Then he heard a loud crash. A bird had flown in and tipped the vase onto the floor.
One day, a tsunami struck the coastal village where Kenichi was. Dozens died, but even more were saved thanks to Ken's vigilance. Every day on the 5th of May that village celebrates Ken.
So they reached out to the local adoption agency. Susie then found out she had to wait to adopt. They said she had to wait another ten months.
He counted the number of pages and it was over 200. He said he would keep it simple and call it 200 Pages. The publisher liked the radical title and published it.
Smoalbal smiled back at him and lined up at the starting point. They both revved their engines, but he starting signal never came. The race commencer had a heart attack, canceling the race.
He told her he had a question for her. She knew what he was going to ask. She turned Tom down gently before he could ask.
Finally, she had accomplished something. She rushed home to show her dad. He snorted and said it didn't mean she was intelligent.
Flustered already, and now mad, she wasn't comfortable speeding up. Soon she realized she had made the truck miss its ferry. She felt bad that the trucker had to wait so long to cross the fjord.
He decided to fight it. Chemotherapy was really tough. Tim kept fighting regardless.
Mary said she would come, but did not show. Mary later texted saying she had gone out drinking the day before. She did not get up until the party was over.
After learning about the place they were allowed to mine. Tim found several nice rocks. He kept them for a long time.
Dan went inside to check his email. When he next went outside it was snowing! Dan's bare legs were freezing!
He tried to talk to them, but they were so intimidating, he recoiled. As the noises weren't going away after a month, Abe decided to move. He found a new apartment, but there too someone was loud.
They picked out a set from the store. They hung them on the side of the house. When they plugged them in, only half lighted up.
I have a trip scheduled for next week. I had a great time during my visit to Florida. I am excited to plan another trip in the future to Florida.
She put a dough into the baking pan. She opened the oven. She accidentally dropped the whole pan on the floor.
Camden decided to play on the seesaw. He and his brother got going very fast. Camden fell off and split his head open.
But on the way to the club he met a beautiful woman. He spent the afternoon talking about electronic music with her. His missed his club show, but got a wife in return, definitely worth.
She looked up and saw her teacher handing out a pop quiz! Kis didn't worry - she only smiled to herself. She knew history was her best subject!
Nate really wanted to win the race. He gave one last big push with the top of his head. Nate got marshmallow stuck in his hair.
Throughout the day, the weather got worse and worse. A tornado warning was issued for her neighborhood. After it was over, Peggy found her house and cat in one piece.
When I got there I started tripping and falling. It was hard to balance. Finally I got the hang of it.
I went outside to grab my newspaper. When I came back, I saw that my cat had knocked the cup over. The coffee stained my carpet and I couldn't get it out.
When he finished, he showed her the portrait. She did not like it. She did not want to pay him any money.
Hitting the ball was harder than I thought. I struck out three times. It was still fun.
When he finished, she lowered the bird bath into the hole. The hole was much bigger than it needed to be. Sam just filled in the rest with gravel and called it a day.
After a few weeks, she reattached the hair as tiny ponytails. As Jenna walked around school, the hair started to slip off her head. Throughout the day, her friends mentioned seeing ponytails everywhere.
The next morning I woke up to go to school. I couldn't find my homework that I had finished. I found out that my dog ate my homework.
In an attempt to clear it up, she took her dog for a walk in the park. As she strolled she could feel her mind clear and relax. Upon returning home she was able to complete her paper in record time.
But when they were about to sleep they saw a bear. Fred tried hard to not freak out. But thankfully the bear went away soon.
Strangers sometimes came to talk to her. But she didn't listen anymore. She was ready to go and eventually died too.
He ordered it online. When the phone came in, it was broken. Jack was extremely disappointed.
Later when she was editing the photos she noticed that some were gone. Somehow they had ended up sent to the local paper! She called the paper and was able to get the embarrassing photos back.
He dropped down to an easier promotion and changed training. He got with a whole new camp. It made a huge difference and Tom started winning.
They decided to go to the park and play a game. They played for over an hour. When they were finished, they were exhausted!
Suddenly she began noticing mold behind her bed. No matter what she did, the mold would grow back. She realized the house was infested and moved out.
When Jerry got closer, he saw that the turtle was stuck in plastic! Jerry quickly pulled the turtle free and put it back in the water. Jerry had saved the turtle!
The friend messed up the dates. None of kate's arrangements came out right. Kate felt really let down.
He got there early and tried to watch every fight. Most of them were pretty boring. The main event was boring and disappointing as well.
Barb has begun pursuing hobbies and activities she had given up. On Friday night, she doesn't feel bad about not having a date. Instead, she enjoys a glass of red wine, relaxes and watches DVDs.
She couldn't choose which talent she wanted to do. Soon the day of the show arrived and she was forced to decide. She ended up doing all three and winning.
There was a bear. Tom wanted to get a picture with it. Unfortunately the bear ran off.
And then he went down the cyclists to get one. But they didn't have one big enough for him. And so he settled for a trike.
Will watched a debate where the two candidates sparred. Will decided he liked one candidate's answers over the other's. Will cast his vote for that candidate.
People seemed to agree! Within an hour, they sold out of what they'd made. They were $5 richer than when they got up that morning!
He decided after retirement he wanted to travel. He purchased an RV and travelled all across the country. His next trip will be to go to Europe.
When he peed I gave a candy as a reward. The process took a lot of time. I was very proud of his progress.
When her grandmother received the present, she was confused. Meredith had to explain what an ebook was, and show her how it worked. Her grandma was glad Meredith thought of her, but never used the Kindl.
Dan used another system to look up the application's hotkeys. He found a cheat sheet for selecting tracks and volume. Dan was able to continue viewing his videos without a mouse.
John was more interested in biology. At the end of his senior year, he went to college for biology. His father never spoke to him again.
It was for a chip flavor competition. Zoey remembered how she was always coming up with flavors. She entered one of her favorite ideas and it ended up winning.
She dressed to impress and did her hair. At 7 PM, everyone started arriving. The boy arrived with his girlfriend!
The group had a talk with member Willie D, improve or leave. Willie D tried to improve but he couldn't win over their audience. Therefore, rapper Big Mike superseded Willie D on two albums.
He went around the street calling his friends out to play. Eventually, Harry had gathered forty people. They had an extremely fun snowball fight!
Tammy starts sewing them up. She runs out of sewing material before finishing. She finds more sewing material under her chair.
He made her move her desk next to his. He wanted to keep a closer eye on her. She still stayed in trouble all the time.
Her mother tried to make her smile with the cake. But Aryah was deep set into not enjoying herself anymore. As she sulked in her corner everyone ate cake.
He got a scholarship to state college. He played well until the final game. He broke his leg and ruined his future career.
No one wanted to pay attention to Oliver or his toys. He looked at his parents and said "mom, dad". Being his first word, his parents freaked out and celebrated.
It collided with Derek's car. Although he was dizzy, he tried to get out of the car. He managed to escape and called the cops for support.
I jump in the water and it is freezing! I swim around to warm up and begin to play. I'm always so tired after swimming in the pool.
She sneaked out anyway. Julie was caught by her parents sneaking back into her room. Julie is now grounded for a month.
It woke him up from his deep sound sleep. He immediately jumped up and put on his clothes. After getting dressed, he disabled his alarm clock.
His opponent landed punches and kicks that made Jason fall. Jason lost the match in the third round but had an excuse. He said he had sex last night and was enervated.
To the point where last week she broke her paintbrush. She had to buy a new one. Now she takes better care of it but is still excited.
He asked a favorite professor to write him a recommendation letter. He was optimistic that the positive recommendation would help. Later that month, he found out he had been accepted.
Tom was excited to meet them. Unfortunately he found all the food to be disgusting. Tom kept it to himself and had a good time regardless.
I was called to teach for someone whose appendix burst once. I had to rush to the school to teach for her that day. The teacher was very thankful that I could help her on short notice.
I ordered them from Amazon. They shipped very fast. As soon as I took them out of the box, I was in love.
I couldn't figure out why he was scared of Michael. Finally, he revealed that he wasn't scared of Michael. It was the evil laugh at the end of Thriller that scared him!
Next day in class the Professor gave us a pop quiz. I was worried I would not pass since I did not study. The pop quiz was really easy and I got an A.
Tom didn't realize they were so spicy. He ate a handful without knowing. Tom wound up crying and having to drink a lot.
They started to talk to each other for a couple of days. Afterwards, he realized that she's worse than he thought. He also mentioned to me a moment when she punched him for no reason.
When she arrived late, the tried to sneak into the lecture hall. As soon as she sat down, her belly made the loudest grumble. Her attempt to sneak into the class had failed at that point.
Her mom had only booked the photographer for one day though. Maisie was forced to try to hold still for a few more pictures. Luckily they managed to get one great one.
She looked up five recipes and finally chose meat loaf. Asha rushed to the store to get the ingredients before he got off. At the store she forgot some ingredients but successfully made dinner.
Nothing he took helped make him feel better. Tim spent the entire trip sick in his room. He never took another cruise again.
There was a massive line. After a few hours, he finally got in the store. Luckily, the game was not sold out and he was able to buy it!
They broke up a few weeks after that. Don asked Andrea to return his ring. She did not want to see Don, so she put the ring in his mailbox.
My landlord stated pay it as soon as I can. I told him it would be when my tax check came. He told me that was fine.
She wasn't paying attention. Pete decided not to finish the story. His daughter cried herself to sleep.
Hers was pink, orange, or purple, and was measured into a small cup. Sarah's sister drank hers straight from a glass bottle. Sarah remembered this medicine, what it did, and never drank a drop.
However, they were still constrictors. Once, his largest snake got loose in the house. I woke up with it next to me in bed.
Tom's luggage didn't arrive with him. He had to deal with the airline. Tom got his luggage the next day.
I could not tell her how to do it, as she had an old slide phone. I had to go to youtube to get lessons. I called her today but her daughter had fixed the problem.
She even took a hot bath. Finally, she gave up and turned on the television. The infomercial did the trick, putting her to sleep immediately!
Tom tried to pet it. The cant hissed and tried to scratch him. Tom decided to just leave it alone.
To her, a nice jog was long overdue. She started out slowly. She didn't want to over do it.
With eyes on 5th street I lumbered out of an alley. That's when I saw a black cat cross my path. The day was done, I called my friend and told him I won't be coming.
One day we saw a homeless man living in the woods. He did not bother us so we left him alone. Later the police came and moved him to a shelter.
He had a big recital one day. Tim did great. He eventually got a scholarship for his skills.
Shane's parents got a call from the school. They knew he hadn't attended. Shane was grounded by his parents.
One day a bee stung Cooper's finger. Cooper put ointment on the sting. Cooper's finger healed.
He was drafted for many different teams. Sadly, Artourzy choked every second he could, and lost every match. Artourzy never recovered from being a choker, and quit DoTA.
The eggs started to fry. However, it wasn't combined with butter and it got stuck on the pan. Jenny had to scrape it out with a fork.
John used a sensitive device that could detect odors. He found plastic devices gave off a certain chemical as they decayed. John published his research in an esteemed science journal.
The woman picked it up for her granddaughter. She rushed it over right away. The little girl squealed with excitement over the pretty binky.
Fran's boss encouraged her to practice carrying trays at home. Fran followed her boss's advice. Fran became an excellent waitress with practice.
One friend suggested I keep the water in a cooler. I bought a cooler that held in the coolness. After that, my water was always cold when I brought it to the park.
Two dogs attacked him but he kicked them off and kept going. He only had some scratches. It was like a scene from the movie Werewolves of London.
But then she decided to give it a try. She wore it to bed and felt very beautiful. Kia decided the gift was wonderful after all!
Afterwards, they decided to meet in person. It was love at first sight for both of them. They finally married a year later.
I always failed my tests. I decided to read a lot of books that I enjoyed. After that I was good at spelling.
He hopped in his car, thinking he would be okay to drive. John failed to stop at a red light, causing him to crash. Everyone in the accident was okay, but John ended up going to jail.
Catherine was going through a divorce. She had tried to move to NH with her new boyfriend. Amanda's father went to court and blocked the move.
He drove fast and aggressively. Jane was more scared than impressed. She turned down a second date.
He spent an entire day filling out college applications. Weeks later he got his first letter back. He had been accepted into his top choice!
They visited a theme park. They approached a roller coaster. They had fun riding the roller coaster together.
I bent over to gather snow and felt a snowball whack me. I lost my balance and knocked my head against the wall. Afterwards, I woke up in a hospital bed with a nasty concussion.
He needed to take his mind off the storm. He played video games to busy himself. He had so much fun he forgot about the storm.
She grabbed the glue gun. She cut felt into the shapes of two ears. She glued them to the band to make a set of mouse ears.
She practiced everyday and grew to love math. She earned all A's. She got better grades than Tom and tutored him the next yea.
I dropped my water bottle on the ground. It shattered instantly. I got a new one made of plastic.
He saw a shadowy figure near the sink. James acted quickly and hit the person on the head. He turned on the light, and saw his wife sprawled on the floor.
He got injured on the frontline and was honourably discharged. When he came back to civilian life, he was very lost. Years later, he now helps war veterans get back into civilian life.
It was his girlfriend's birthday and he wanted to get something good. He asked all her friends and family for help. They were able to guide him toward the best choice.
One day she decides to cut her hair very short. All of her friends compliment her on her new short hair look. Vivian is happy she had the courage to cut her hair short.
I completely blanked when I got to the test. But after a while the information came back to me. I completed the test and found out I got an amazing score.
He laid it on the table. When he came back, it was gone. Mark's dog had eaten his sandwich.
She looked over the choices, and realized today was no better. She found something she could do. She worked on it for hours.
It got bigger than expected. Tom struggled to put it out. They decided to not try another one.
He was informed he had gonorrhea. He said it was impossible because he always used protection. The doctor shrugged and said not careful enough.
The whole community reached out with support and empathy. Aveline basked in the glow of their compassion. She kept playing the victim for more attention.
So she bought a box to do it. But it turned out streaky orange. She had to go to a salon to fix it.
Gina had been watching their shows all day. They decided to vote, and Gina was outnumbered. She decided to go outside instead.
My family is very picky. I usually stick to what they like. I was surprised when they all liked it.
James agreed and they went to the basketball court. James dunk the basketball the first try. Matt refuses to pay James for the bet they made.
Somehow the seamstress had messed up the order. Luckily, Mandy's mom was a great sewer. She fixed everyone's dresses well enough in a few minutes.
She spent a whole Saturday planting the seeds. She watered them regularly and was very patient. A few weeks later she had beautiful flowers.
The gallery agreed to do this. When they put up Jan's painting, lots of people complimented it. She felt very proud of herself because of this.
Three of her friends agreed. Unfortunately there was a snow storm. So she had to cancel.
Afterwards, Hannah took out her hair styling tools. She was trying to curl her sisters head. They spent most of the night doing make up.
Lucy was very unhappy. She lost her ring in the grass. Amanda helped her to find it.
He went to the party. In there he met a girl who he liked. They became boyfriend and girlfriend.
He didn't know if he should start with In or Once. In the beginning, or Once Upon a Time. He decided to write In the beginning once upon a time.
Once, he threw it too hard, and it bounced away down the road. He chased it down the street and around the corner, until he found it. He took it back home, and decided to play tetherball instead.
She decided to pick up some babysitting jobs. Sarah finally saved up. She was able to buy the shirt she wanted.
An ultrasound tech took lots of scans of Jenn's baby. After studying the scan, she determined the baby was a boy. Now, Jenn can finally start picking names!
When I got home, everyone started drinking it. I didn't have enough left for cereal. I had to go back to buy more.
He put all of his things in his locker. The girl in the locker next to him introduced herself. They became new friends.
He used it so much that he stopped buying pencils. Without thinking, he used it on a multiple choice test. But the machine that graded it marked every answer as wrong.
The cashier told her the cost. Maddie dug through her wallet, but she didn't have enough money. Unfortunately, she wasn't able to get ice cream.
But she did not want to be too confident so she took a test. She ended up finding out she was pregnant. Susie was so happy and told her parents.
He accidentally locked the door on the way out. Tom was locked out of his apartment and car. It took him minutes to get back in.
Sonya decided to join the anime club at her school. Everyone there was also a nerd. Sonya was happy to connect with people like her.
Tom called to complain. When it got there it was the wrong order. Tom never ordered from there again.
He had friends help with work. He bought parts and pieces on sale. It took a while but Tom finished a good project.
Yet unfortunately I had to wait about twenty minutes for them. Finally the tacos came. The wait was worth it.
Lori took the mail to the correct address. The woman at that address was rude to Lori. Lori decided that she did not want to be friends with this woman.
Mary came for her first lesson. She wanted to play her favorite song. The teacher told her she is not ready for this difficult piece yet.
He told Ellen to jump to shore. Ellen didn't jump far enough. Ellen fell into the water.
She decided to get tulip bulbs for everyone. She thought this was a cute way for people to remember them. And tulips are the national flower of Holland.
He asked her out on a date. They went to Mcdonald's and to a movie. They were in love but Charles had to return to California.
When she grew older she wrote them down. And eventually she wrote an entire novel. Now she writes every day and gets paid for it.
They made a wobbly clown tower and teetered over towards Julie. Each clown came somersaulting down to the ground. Julie clapped and clapped at the end of the performance.
He decided to take a look around the property. He noticed thousands of bugs crawling inside the house. Daniel was thankful he noticed before signing all the legal papers.
I tried more watering and fertilizer stakes, but the tree got worse. An arborist determined it was infected with an aggressive virus. Sadly, the tree couldn't be saved and had to be chopped down.
When he finally looked around, Tommy saw his class was gone. Tommy panicked, realizing he was lost. Then Tommy caught sight of one of his classmates.
This was illegal in my city, and a sting operation was set up for me. They made me get out of my car and sit on the ground. The real police never came, but I couldn't afford to get the car.
There he saw all his favorite animals. The monkeys were his absolute favorite. He spent the most time looking at them.
Naomi suggested they talk somewhere else. Charles told him to stop and the bully said let's fight at 3 o'clock. Charles to his girlfriend he was so worried, she said, that's angst!
Jared asked her to the prom and she said yes. Jared bought the tickets and rented a tux just for the occasion. They rented a limo and had the best night of their lives.
He was picked last. However, Tim had powerful legs. Everyone realized how great Tim was when he kicked 5 home runs.
Todd gave his social security number to anyone who asked. One day, Todd tried to use an ATM, but his account was empty. Suddenly, Todd regretted not being more careful.
His mouth was wired shut while he healed. After a month his jaw was finally healed. Tony had lost fifteen pounds because of the broken jaw.
The family stopped at a gas station for snacks. While getting back in the car, they forgot the young boy. A few minutes later, the parents noticed and reclaimed the child.
Every time he would get close to spider it hopped away. George grabbed a ladder and got right up on the spider. The spider leapt onto his hand causing him to fall off the ladder.
Before long the vet suggested letting the cat go to sleep. Jennifer didn't want to at first but soon she agreed. She sadly said goodbye to her cat for the last time.
Harry stood at the podium and mumbled the words on his notes. His classmates started to snicker. Harry crumpled his paper and ran out the door of the class.
Will re-entered the living room to see a horror movie trailer on TV. Will comforted his little daughter. Now Will always skips the commercials when his child watches TV.
Jessica was forced to chase him and fight for the shoes. In the chaos one of her nails broke. Jessica was so mad but no one else noticed so it was okay.
On July 1, the wedding went more beautifully than they imagined! It was like a fairytale for both of them and the best day ever! Jim and Tina bought a ranch and lived happily ever after.
He dreaded taking the test and thought for sure he would fail. As the day progressed on he was such a mess. When the test came, he forgot all the important formulas due to stress.
The accident left her severely scarred. Kurt didn't think she was pretty anymore. Kurt left his wife because he was a horrible husband.
She offered him a reward. Bill cleaned the house and wondered what the reward was. When he was done his mother gave him a high five.
His harness had broken a moment before. All his work buddies were trying to get to him. All of a sudden he lost his grip and fell.
Before Mike purchased anything, the police showed up. The police arrested Mike's neighbor. Mike's neighbor was trying to sell stolen goods.
The braids were tight, and they hurt. When finished Amy liked her hair very much. Her mother told her to be careful so the braids would last.
One day her friend came over and looked at the hen. Her friend realized the hen was stressed by a move to a bigger house. Jamie's friend told her when the hen is settled in she'll lay again.
This summer she took private lessons with a professional. She also practiced every night by herself. Now Leslie can play the piano beautifully!
Faya ran into the lake, her friends close behind her. They splashed around, then got something to eat. Everyone was having a good time.
Zach bet a lot of money because he was sure they were going to win. Instead, Zach's team lost the game. He was upset he was out of a lot of money.
This bypass saved a young girl's life. Her family thanked the doctor with a check. The check was for so much, Podnle Oddnle quit being a doctor.
Marnie tensed up when the clown car came out. When the clowns started getting out of the car, Marnie ran. Marnie had a secret phobia of clowns.
Joe found himself selling illegal drugs on the streets. He was caught and arrested. While locked up Joe decided to turn his life around for good.
I was removing the emails one at a time. I figured out how to use a filter to mass dump the emails. I am glad I have space now.
Alas, it became very cold as the day progressed. On the walk home I was very cold and shivering! I learned that I should take a coat to school during the winter.
Lynn and one boy sat on the swings talking. Kim and the other were on the see saw. That left Amy as the odd man out.
The vet cleaned the dog's teeth and gums while Ralph waited. Ralph was glad that the vet could take care of his dog. Ralph decided to take his dog to the vet regularly.
To placate the morons, the rest of society indulged their fantasies. They went around harassing people to encourage motivation. Unfortunately, this led to several murders per week nationwide.
He attempted to do that one day. During lunch, his teeth started hurting after biting into a gummy. Danny was not looking forward to that next trip to the dentist.
On his sixth donut, Mister Glick felt a pain in his chest. He was having a heart attack. While in the ambulance, Mister Glick grabbed another donut to eat.
This made Tom hate dinner. His mother covered the liver in ketchup. After that Tom loved eating liver.
I decided to run the boston marathon. I trained for nine months. Eventually, I ran the marathon and I had lost lots of weight.
Finally she grates a huge block of cheese into her omelette She takes one bite and her omelette is delicious. Juanita is very happy with the omelette she has cooked.
Simon told him that peaches were too sweet for some dishes. Del challenged him to offer a dish that a peach couldn't join. Simon eventually admitted defeat.
She searched all over her apartment for it. The last place she looked was behind the couch. Somehow the remote had ended up there.
Her other friend Kate said cheerleaders were stupid. However, Becky believed that cheerleading was a very athletic and fun sport. Becky decided to ignore her downbeat friends!
So, he gathered up the supplies and went fishing. He thought a lot about his wife while fishing. When he came back home he brought his wife flowers and apologized.
Today though, something came over him. He was inspired to entertain himself via his own imagination. He made a wonderland of his room and was never bored again.
He would be going back to his country China. He packed all his things. He took an airplane and arrived 18 hours later.
Unfortunately, the cab wasn't running at that hour. Yasmine did her best to wait. As soon as possible, she called a cab and made it to the hospital.
When the credit report came back, he was cautious. He didn't know his credit score, so he opened it nervously. But then Ben saw that his credit score - was excellent!
But Gina was ready for them. She answered his questions expertly, and professionally. She was pleased the interview was going so well.
The customer turned to Chad and thanked him for his service. Chad was happy he could help the customer get the item. However, Chad was more pleased by his kind words.
One day he sees an ad recruiting new police officers. Tyler successfully applies to be a police officer. He is happy that he finally has a job.
Girls were let in if they had money or a gift for Chris Brown. Anika was asked what did she have for Chris Brown. She said her smile and was let in to meet him.
He gathers ingredients and studies the recipe. Finally he bakes a delicious cake for his sister. Francisco is so happy he was ready for his sister's birthday.
I couldn't go, because we were trying to save him. In all the excitement, I must have lost control of my bladder. No one noticed I had wet my pants, and frankly, I didn't care.
A second guy, however, said he once caught 100-pound Trout. Jason felt a tug on his line so he pulled hard. The fish pulled back so hard Jason fell overboard.
It turned out he'd just moved into the house next door. Kim agreed to walk home with him every day. The new neighbor boy soon became her very best friend!
Stu immediately regretted his action. Stu found and purchased many bird plushies. When he them to his sister, she forgot about the penguin completely.
The pigs ran far away to Gary's dismay. Determined, Gary bought a book on sheep breeding. Pretty soon Gary was a big player in the wool business.
Jan determined to open the can on her own. She took a knife and carefully used it to pry the lid off. Jan was very proud of her industrious maneuver!
In order to make his family happy, he agreed to the trip. The beach had soft sand and it was a lovely day. Phil grudgingly admitted that he had a very nice day.
Becca threw up a lot. She took a pregnancy test. Becca beamed with joy seeing a yes on her pregnancy test.
He put his headphones in and turned his music on. He walked at a brisk pace while listening to the music. He made it to the store quickly.
By the time she left, the parking lot was empty. It was scary and poorly lit. Tia had to ask the security guard to walk her to her car.
Sue worked hard because Frank wins everything. On election day the votes weren't even close. Sue lost the election.
Ryan stops eating meat and starts to jog every day. After 6 months he starts to lose weight. Ryan is happy that he has finally started to become less fat.
Time was running out. Ollie wanted to find one more egg. Luckily, he found one in the knick of time.
Unfortunately, he had no money. He called and explained his situation. Luckily they were able to help .
I was startled by how wide the bolt was. This made me think about forces greater than myself. That night I began reading the Bible.
Sam obliged and crashed his car. He ran into a light-pole The car was totaled and Sam almost died.
He files for unemployment but didn't get paid very much. Derrick was unable to pay his rent so he got evicted. He moved in with his mom so that he could get his life on track.
It was rusting away and unsafe to drive. I sold the car for scrap metal. The money was almost enough to buy another car.
He did many after-school activities. He worked hard on his application. The college accepted him.
The company had recently gone bankrupt. When Marvel made a comeback the stock shot through the roof. Dan made over 100 million dollars on that stock purchase.
Finally he gave up and called an exterminator. They came and took care of the problem. Even though it was expensive, Charles was relieved.
Tommy showed them some racing games. Tommy showed them some rhythm games. They had a great time, and changed their opinion of arcades.
Zack stops and moves into the grass. The runner runs by Zack and waves. Zack begins riding again.
The first day they went to the waterpark. The second day they went to the amusement park. Stan refused to ride any of the scary rides.
Carly had to close her eyes. Then, her mom put the gift in her hands. Carly opened her eyes and saw a brand new book.
The doorbell rang. I opened the door, but nobody was there. I closed the door and my son woke up.
There wasn't anything in the fridge or pantry. He went out to get a burger. Dave felt full.
He took the challenge and began to chug. One hour later he lost count and actually drank eight. He was so drunk he forgot about the bet.
They shouted gleefully, in celebration. This was their graduation day, that they'd worked so hard to get to. They troupe told stories and roasted marshmallows well into the night.
Finally her parents agreed to let her stay up until midnight. Lee was proud and happy, feeling very adult. But by eleven o'clock, she had fallen fast asleep!
We saw an IMAX movie about the ocean. They liked the shark exhibit the best. We were there for three hours and had a great time.
He worked as hard as he could for a whole year, every single day. His friends and family were worried because Zach became very poor. But, he proved them wrong, and made a million dollars that year.
When they all woke up, Mommy made lunch, and they ate on the floor. Daddy arrived with the moving truck, and he unpacked the beds. They worked hard, and slept soundly that first night in the new house.
One day, his two sons found the gun. They decided to play with it. One son accidentally shot the other son.
She ran for cover under trees as the rains came down. She tried to make a makeshift umbrella out of branches. Her umbrella kept her mostly dry as she ran to her car.
She racked her brains to come up with a solution. Then she thought of a new idea: she could make homemade tea. Thea's tea leaves became highly sought after by the whole county!
One day Jill was out cutting firewood while Jill was milking the cow. She knew not to cut wood alone but was in a hurry. She cut the wrong way and the tree fell on her.
She got in her car and started to drive. After driving for a few minutes she got a flat tire. She had to call a tow truck in order to get home.
After putting an ad online, Jim found his new roommate. After moving in, the roommate was very rude and inconsiderate. Jim decided to tell his roommate to leave, and he lives alone now.
She bought some to cook. It didn't have any flavor. She knew her family wouldn't eat tofu.
He decides to start eating avocados at home. He finds them both satisfying and healthy. Horatio is glad that he is eating more healthy food!
He bought it for a decent price. When he got home he went online. It turned out to be worth much more.
Danielle was stunned but patiently looked back into her date's eyes. Then the restaurant's crew of waiters brought over a covered plate. Danielle cried as her date uncovered the ring and proposed to her.
She asked her roommate if she had seen it. The roommate admitted to borrowing it. She returned it and apologized.
He realized he had to make some extra money. Ron posted flyers around the neighborhood to mow lawns. After a month, Ron had the money to buy the computer.
Over the next few hours Matt cleans wax from his ears. Finally he has removed all of the wax. Matt decides he will never let so much wax accumulate in his ears.
She makes a list, does the shopping, then comes home to put them away. By the time she is done, she is exhausted and doesn't want to cook. Libby decides she will eat better tomorrow, and goes out for a burger.
After a minute, Gary suddenly began to fall asleep behind the wheel. Gary forced himself to stay awake until he made it home. When he made it home, Gary collapsed on his couch.
He couldn't stand it anymore and decided to do something about it. He took over the lethal limit of a drug called Zyprexa. He didn't remember anything for three days and woke up in the hospital.
To be safe, Heather checked into a hotel in the flat part of town. That night, Heather's home slid clear off the mountain in the storm. Heather was grateful she decided to stay at the hotel.
He practiced hard. Eventually, he became the teacher at the club. Zeke was finally good at parkour!
Susan left cookies and milk out. Santa came while Susan was sleeping. Susan woke up to many presents.
She decided to go to a new mall for shoes. She saw that this mall had a really great selection. She found her new favorite pair of shoes at this mall.
After the game started we bought hot dogs and sodas. The home team lost the game. We walked home sad.
Then, she went back to her couch to wait. Somehow, she fell asleep. She woke up to the smell of burnt nuggets.
Although he was depressed, it was hard to believe his words. I questioned his motives since he was more mean outside of jail. Overall, he remained speechless.
She took a long shower to get it all off for a date. Terry got dressed up and met her date. Her date told her that she had some glitter on her face.
Jet's garden was struggling! She bought a hose and began to manually water it every day. Soon it perked up and began to flourish once again!
Randy decided to wait for her to calm down in the backyard. It started to get unbearably cold. Luckily, she eventually calmed down and let him inside.
The parents saw the boys overall happiness level increase. They partially attributed this to the dog. The parents, their kid, and dog were one happy family.
However to my dismay my seat was horrible. There was a rip and I could hardly see. Thankfully they gave me a refund.
They went to their safe space and bunkered down. They waited and waited. The tornado hit and part of the roof was taken off the house.
After the therapy, she went in for her test. Her oncologist told her the cancer was all gone! Adalina was thrilled that her prayers had been answered.
Todd made a D on his test. Todd's parents found out. Todd was grounded over Christmas break.
As a result, I became very wealthy. Then, I realized that the gold miners were using child labor. I felt guilty and shut down my business.
However, she smacked her baby sister who was behind her. Her sister fell flat on the ground and started to cry. She had a large bruise on the side of her head.
I decided to make him feel better. So, I made him chicken soup. He was grateful for my generosity!
Allan decided to be a score keeper. Everyone loved how accurate he was! Allan never hated gym class again!
Two boys were pushing each other around by the pool. Carter saw that one boy was her brother. She marched over and broke up the fight immediately.
Her stomach began growling during the exam. But her kind teacher tossed her a granola bar. Afterwards, Linda never forgot to eat before class.
He practiced the language diligently every day. By the end of the class, he was speaking Spanish fluently. Brad was proud that he accomplished his goal.
His friend watched the snake for a year while Rick worked. When Rick returned home, he was so happy to get his snake back. The snake had grown almost a foot while he was away!
The doctor asked George to read the eye chart. To his surprise, George could barely read any letters on the chart. George was upset but finally admitted he needed to wear glasses.
They couldn't even afford to see a movie! So May decided to take them camping in the woods nearby. The girls all had more fun than they could have imagined!
Jamie finally broke down and bought a gun. One night, a man broke in and Jamie shot him dead. It turned out to be a man wanted by police for serial murder.
They first went to the mall. Then they went to get some food. They had a fun time.
The eye doctor tells Lucas that he needs glasses. Lucas buys glasses. Finally Lucas can see as far as he used to.
She went home and drank her water. Afterwards she scratched off her lottery ticket. Sue didn't win any money.
He was about to grab a bite to eat of the bread. A little puppy walked up to him whimpering. The boy decided to share a piece of the bread with the dog.
The boxes she received from the farm were smaller than she expected. Some of vegetables were wilted and unusable. Kay opted not to sign up for another round of the CSA.
The city worker looked upon the green lawn filled with frustration. All of the other lawns were brown and dreary. The drought stricken neighbors looked at Taylor with contempt.
Bev was a tiger. They got praise for their coordination everywhere they went. They decided they would do themed costumes again the next year.
Jen saved up her money for her big trip to Napa. Once she got there, the wine was even better than she had imagined. Her only regret was that she had to go back home.
I decided to research the issue. The dictionary said it was regurgitated food. I learned that honey is bee vomit.
Then the bully stepped on them! Iva's mom frowned when she saw the shattered lens. She made Iva pay for the new lens out of her allowance.
The other argued that Jack Frost was good for bringing snow. Neither child would give in. But after ten minutes they agreed to disagree.
Unfortunately they burned the turkey. They also messed up the sides. They wound up eating pizza instead.
Finally after twenty minutes, she won. Alicia decided to play again. This time she won in five minutes.
One day our new general manager wanted to see photos of the fleet. My boss sent me out to take photos. It was one of the most enjoyable work days I ever had.
She had to pack up and move from one state to another. She had never lived away from home. The move was the best decision she ever made.
It would purposely fly out of the cage to attack me. I assumed it would die in a few Year's. But after 19 Year's I'm convinced it's gonna live forever.
The caffeine from the tea revitalized her. Laura was energized and completed her study with full concentration. Laura aced her test the very next day.
However much to her surprise the team did very well. She made sure to block every goal from the other team. As a reality
They tried fighting us since they wanted the playground for themselves. We tried to run away and they ended up throwing rocks. A huge rock landed on my leg and I received a bruise.
She began running every day. She also went to the gym to lift weights. In a few months she had become muscular and shapely!
I got to fire it for ten dollars worth of ammunition. My aim was terrible but kept getting better. It was fun and taught me a lot.
He didn't have the money he needed to get the puppy he desired. Bob patiently waited for the annual free adoption day. He walked away from the animal shelter with puppy he wanted.
Sometimes it was really muddy out. We would leave the park tired and dirty. But the next week we'd go back for more.
Sandy was so heartbroken at the loss of her friend. Sandy  decided to visit Sam's mother for comfort. Sandy felt comforted once Sam's mother prayed with her.
After hours of waiting, Don began to get frustrated. Suddenly, a very rare species of bird arrived at the park. Don snapped pictures of it happily and then went home.
But nobody laughed! In fact, everybody looked shocked. Rod wished he hadn't told the joke.
When he graduated, he was the valedictorian. Trey went to college, got a great job, and never came back. Trey moved his mom where he loved and he was happy.
But when the bases were loaded I made sure to make the most of it. I hit a triple to right that cleared the bases and put us in the lead. It was a huge win for us and a huge moment for myself.
This time they headed to the ocean the second they arrived. The simply loved the refreshing water and the view. They couldn't wait to go back next year.
She had to modestly cover her hair with a hijab. At first Ella thought it was strange and uncomfortable. But she soon grew used to it.
Her boss had been very rude to her. Frannie decided to put in her notice to her boss. Her boss told her to leave and not come back.
Adrian, a fat black man, massaged the shoulders of Carla. Phil liked Carla and told Adrian let's fight over him touching her. Adrian didn't want to fight but Phil punched him in front of everyone.
His grandmother served his something green that looked like spears. She told him to pretend he was destroying light sabers as he ate them. So the asparagus wasn't so bad after all.
At first she was nervous about spinning. But when she arrived, she sat that it looked quite fun. Eva ended up having a wonderful time at her class!
He went to the store to purchase new ones. The store was out of his size. Jake was incredibly upset and spent the day indoors.
A pictured of God the daughter replied. Honey no one knows what God looks like the mother responded. Just wait I'm almost finished the daughter replied.
Jerry hit a deer on the way there. Peggy saw the blood splattered all over the car. Peggy called 911 since she never had plans with creepy Jerry.
Mikayla didn't care to see what was inside it at all. She was there to visit every country exhibit she could in one day. By the end of the day Mikayla considered herself a world traveler.
She decided to get even. Enlisting the help of a friend, she set up a prank which backfired. Luckily, Dora's hair will grow back in a few weeks.
She opened it up with a screwdriver. She saw it was clogged with dust! She blew the dust out with some compressed air.
They planned and they planned and went to Hawaii for their trip. They saw all kinds of cool things and at all kinds of yummy food. From then on, they went to Hawaii every year.
She decided to cut off her internet. She didn't want to. She had enough money for her expenses.
Cameron asked his friend if he could help him. Cameron's friend wanted to play on the see-saw. Cameron agreed to help his friend by playing on the see-saw.
Vera was vigilant about keeping the carpet spotless. She put down throw rugs wherever anyone might walk. Eventually, the white carpet was covered in colorful throw rugs.
The third is a trouble maker. For two hours he continues to get out of bed and want to play. Finally he becomes tired and falls asleep.
I wore them every day. Everyone noticed I wore the socks daily. Now everyone calls me Stripey Socks.
Bill refused to give the person money and entered his car. But the person pounded on his window and cracked it. Bill sped off before the situation became worse.
Jay was sad that he didn't have one. Tom had an idea. He let Jay borrow the bike when he wanted because of friendship.
She began to rethink her school choice. She fretted over her decision for weeks. The day before school started she decided to change schools.
Suddenly, she got a bite of something weird. It was a large piece of ginger, something she didn't like. She got so grossed out, she spit the food out.
He tried getting the nerve to ask her out. He was nervous but finally asked her. To her delight she said yes.
In a pirate costume he would haggle for the best price on things. Some people thought his act was funny and gave him a good deal. Mike built up a vast collection of treasure this way.
Halfway through the movie, a cinema worker noticed the candy. He told me I had to throw it away. I gave him the middle finger so he kicked me out of the cinema.
She started to hurry down the path back to her house. A man walked out and asked if she needed an umbrella. She happily took the umbrella from the man and walked home slower.
She woke up in the middle of the night with a story idea in her head. She stayed up writing for three hours. Her boss loved the story and gave her a bonus for her work.
They called about twenty random numbers. A box of pizza and the police both showed up to her house. Heather didn't know how to block her number.
I built a snowman and an angel. It was really cold. I enjoyed playing in the snow today.
He talks to his boss and gets approval to move. He packs up all his belongings and sells his house. He moves to Florida and is never cold again!
She sent it to different places. Eventually one publishing house picked it up. It sold well and they asked her for another book.
Jumping out of bed I got dressed and ran from the room. My dad was already up with his Sunday paper waiting on me. Without even saying a word I sat down beside him to have breakfast.
Jim moved his father in with him. Jim spent his days and nights talking with and caring for his dad. When Jim's dad passed away, Jim felt so good about what he had done.
I accidentally hit my dad's window and it broke. My dad is going to be mad when he gets home. I hope my dad does not ground me for breaking the window.
The whole lab started to smoke. They grabbed the fire extinguisher. They were not able to save the lab.
On the way to the beach Tyler told his dad they were missing the exit. After missing the exit his dad angrily flipped around. As Tyler was saying no U turn, they were hit by an oncoming truck.
One day she posted on social media that she was accepting donations. Nobody donated to her to start her business. She realized she should get a loan from the bank.
His friends challenged Brent to go through a haunted house. Despite his fears, he went through a whole haunted house. The next day he was able to poke fun at his friends for not.
The store was out of everything she needed besides the basic candy. She ended up decorating paper bags with handmade paper bunnies. Her children loved her homemade Easter decorations on Easter morning.
After dinner, we decided that dad would leave with my brother. That meant I had to drive away from the restaurant alone. I felt like a jerk, waltzing over to my car in a handicapped space!
Jo's mom looked pleased, until she found the device gathering dust. She saw Jo cuddling up with her favorite old books. So she dusted off the device and put it in the closet.
My partner ordered a beef burger. Then we split an order of fries. When we were done we walked home.
Over the weekend some guys made fun of her for it. They claimed she was a bad driver. Kelly laughed it off because she really was a bad driver.
Finally Larry completes the report he was working on. He emails the report to his boss and turns off his computer. Feeling exhausted, Larry leaves for the night.
Irie's parents bought a trampoline for the backyard. Irie was so happy to have her own trampoline to jump on. She spent a lot of time on it and learned a lot of cool tricks.
The sights? The locals? No, Neil replied, the best part had been all the foreign food!
While he was giving the tat, he sneezed loudly and harshly. Soon I realized he had scribbled on my friend, because of the sneeze! My friend was so livid, he demanded the tattoo be free.
Of course my family and I wasn't planning to leave the house. However, the blizzard actually caused severe damages. Caused roof problems, my car had to be towed and our fence was broken.
One month later, Detroit's unemployment rate was down. People were in the streets cheering for Jeff to be mayor of Detroit. Jeff kept focused, and promised to higher minimum wage by next year.
The ranger told them the rules of the park and answered questions. The couple decided to leave their food bag in their car. The couple slept more at ease, having no food to attract bears.
She saw some tea and poured it into the rice. She thought it was a sauce. We ordered another dish.
I also bought some audio software so I could auto-tune myself. My tracks all turned out silly and erratic. I didn't mind because I was enjoying myself so much.
His friends suggested the new fighting game. Ned bought that game, and he loved it. He was happy he had listened to the recommendations!
I have some particularly beautiful blue and red specimens. I'm not sure what I'm going to do with all of them. At this point I have many binders filling my shelves, full of petals.
One of the students was even shot in the leg. The SWAT team stormed the house and rescued the students. The six kidnappers all pled not guilty to their evil deed.
She opened it, finding a ring. Her boyfriend had replaced the prize with an engagement ring. It was the best Cracker Jack prize ever.
He was not a very good swimmer. He began to drown. He died because his parents weren't there to save him.
She let her friend read and edit the book. She sent the new version to publishers. The publishers loved the new version.
When Jason went on the coaster it was very thrilling. The boys then ended up going on a dozen rides. In the end it was a great trip for the boys.
I also made bread. The pasta came out good, but I burnt the toast. My boyfriend still liked it.
He went to the mall to shop for a new pair of boots. He saw a pair of waterproof boots that he really liked. He was able to buy them for 50% off the retail value.
One of the legs had broken and given out. Jon's computer fell on the floor and broke. Jon had to replace the table and his computer.
She gets her tools and her workplace ready. Then she works on the chair for a couple of hours. Finally the chair is like brand new.
He made arrangements to meet up with one trucker at the next stop. They both drove to the next stop and had lunch at a nearby restaurant. After lunch, Bob finished work and checked into a motel for the night.
He picked up an extra shift at work to make some money. He bought the new talking doll she had mentioned about wanting. Bill was deemed "Best Uncle" by his niece.
I was sad and suicidal all the time. But, I had to put on a smile for the kids. I realized that I should have gone to college.
John did not find anything he liked. John went to a used car dealership. John found a wonderful used vehicle that he purchased.
He scrutinized the map helplessly. Then Elle took it and turned it over. She was able to find their way back to the main road!
She got her cap and gown. When she finally walked the stage, she was relieved. She finally had a bachelor's degree.
The day before the game, I fell and broke my leg. I was so upset and my coach was so disappointed. The coach scolded me for being so careless.
Amy really missed being friends with him. She started to approach him but they began to walk the other direction Amy vowed she would make things right with Ray in class tomorrow.
Marge enrolled in a local community college and took a class on it. After her first semester, Marge became an expert in technology. Now Marge's friends all come to her with their computer questions.
Once Miley embezzled a bunch of her client's money. She tried to hide the truth from her company, but they fired her. When the SEC found out, they sent her to prison for a long time.
Chad read the sign in shock. Meaghann begged to buy the house. Chad bought the house.
She had a bad temper and was unpredictable. The lease on the house is up soon. The three girls won't be living with the other roommate again.
He sat through the proceedings and waited. When the time was right he stood up and walked with her. A fierce glare was given to the man he was giving her away to.
She wanted to dance, but no one was asking her. Finally, a boy came up and asked if she'd like to dance. Molly and the boy danced together the rest of the night.
I got the steak. Jessie got the vegetarian option. All of us were very satisfied with our meals.
He called for a reservation at a popular brunch restaurant. They had a pleasant first date and both ate pancakes. Unfortunately, Kelly decided not to see Eric for a second date.
Then he stacked three balls atop each other. He finished by adding the eyes and nose. Ed was very proud of his snowman!
When she found the biggest pumpkin, she cut it from the vine. When she got back home she carved triangle eyes and a smile into it. She had the spookiest carved pumpkin of them all that halloween!
While we finished the whole box of pizza, we watched a movie. Afterwards, she left. I decided to work on my homework for an hour before sleeping.
They did not seem to notice him. This caused Bill to make even louder noises at them. They turned their head at bill and just smirked.
Nicole decided to delegate some of the work to her able employees. They ended up getting the project done on time and correctly. Nicole took them all out for pizza for a job well done.
The were both off work with no plans so they decided to try going. They drove three hours to the city where the band was playing. A scalper sold them discounted tickets and they enjoyed the concert.
She asked her friends, but they weren't interested. Then Ty had a great idea. She went to the class with her little sister Susie instead!
They all had a blast. The only issue was the horrible humidity. Other than the humidity, they had fun.
When they were in the insect room, Tom brought out a live mouse. Tom did get in trouble for his stunt, but did not get punished harshly. When he got home, Tom's parents grounded him for one week.
She'd forgotten the lesson they had tried to teach her. A professor caught her by using a service that detected plagiarism. Miley was unceremoniously expelled shortly after being found out.
He whimpered and shook the water all over us. He jumped out of the tub and soaked the bathroom floor with water. Constantine now runs anytime someone says that it is bath time.
Once it began to boil, Sam read the rice instructions again. Once he saw that it would take over 40 minutes, he turned it off. Sam picked up the phone and ordered a pizza instead.
While the pasta is cooking he is distracted by the television. Unfortunately, he allows the pasta to become overcooked. Nick feels embarrassed about his overcooked pasta.
I learned how to braid by playing with bookmarks in the bible. My job is now a hair stylist. So church did teach me something useful.
One day she met a girl name sally. He was nervous but went up and ask to be her friend. Sally said yes to Andrew and made him a happy kid.
Jane turned away for a bit. The little sister wrecked her lego set. Jane was really upset over it.
The police asked me if I was okay. I threw up on their shoes. They got angry and locked me in jail for the night.
He heard several loud thumps that weren't supposed to be in the movie. Then a burst of sunlight entered the theater. Young martial artists had kicked open the door to the theater.
She wasn't supposed to take rocks, but did anyway. Her seatmate told her keeping the rock would cause bad luck. Angela gave the rock to a stewardess to return.
My dad and I got free tickets. We sat in our seat on a cold October morning. The Packers beat the Rams.
Brian stopped his hand from reaching in. He then scolded the man. The man left and apologized.
Having no money, I broke into my change jar. After counting, I found $15 worth of quarters. I went to the beer store, bought a 12-pack, and enjoyed the game!
I begged my two year old son to help me look for my keys. Much to my frustration, he didn't budge. They were in his hand the whole time.
Still, Sue wanted a child, so she and her husband decided to try. After many long months, she conceived a baby. She carried it to full term and delivered a perfect healthy boy!
After he got out, Yuna threw a piece of her food at him. A teacher found out and asked Yuna to talk to her. She ended up giving Yuna detention.
Courbin ate pizza. He played games for hours. Afterwards, they went home completely exhausted.
The other car took Jake's spot. Jake had to park further away. ON the way into the store Jake keyed the other car's side.
The city official told everyone to evacuate to a safe spot. Everyone ran through the fast winds. Most managed to reach and the official gave them further instructions.
She challenged him to a race. I counted to three before they took off. As soon as Bob started to run, he tripped on his shoe lace.
One day, she asked me to adopt her baby, because I bonded with her. She needed help because of her deafness, and already had kids. I declined, but was so touched and still babysat her baby.
His mom turned her head to say something to his dad. When she wasn't looking an emu stuck its head through the window. It ate almost half a bucket of food before she could close the window!
Then it was his turn to hide. Mark's dad searched high and low, but to no avail. Mark had won the game!
Alex wanted to find another group to celebrate his favorite holiday. The day before, he realized he had the only family that celebrated. Alex learned to be grateful of his family's unique tradition.
He was playing with a dog he thought was well behaved. Just like him, it was not well behaved. The dog bit Ben because he was being rough with him.
She would serve them food and beverage. Her neighbors thought highly of her. They would praise her for being such a good person.
She hoped they would not fire her for incompetence. Then she learned that they wanted her to work the register. Kay was relieved to have a job she was good at!
I practiced daily and felt prepared for the performance. The music started playing and my mind went blank. All I could do was stand still in total embarrassment!
She always wore pants and rarely wore dresses. One day she had to attend a wedding and wear a dress. Randi put the dress on and ended up having a really great time.
One day, his father invited him to join him. After five years of apprenticeship Jude finally went off on his own. He traveled far and wide and was very successful.
He asked his sister for help. His sister said yes. Michael finished his homework just in time.
Eventually he tries to become an amateur singer. He practices every day until he becomes a good singer. Cornelius is happy that he has at least one hobby.
Billy looked at the floor as his teacher talked. Billy's mother did not say anything to Billy as they drove home. Billy was sent to his room to think about his bad choices.
One just has to fill out a survey. He used the offer once a day for a week. Finally Mcdonald's blocked his IP address from taking the survey.
She said when he earned the money, he could have the bike. He saved up his money in a piggy bank. When it was full, Shawn broke the piggy bank and bought a bike.
Not many people knew of the game though. He wasn't able to get enough signatures to start it. He gave up and couldn't start the club.
I google the answers every time I heard their questions. Friday I called in with the correct answer to the trivia contest. My answer won the free pizza contest so now I am a winner.
They didn't want him hanging out with the wrong kids. He joined the scouts and learned good morals. He grew up and got a great job.
She reluctantly agreed to go try it out at the beach. She was shocked when she found a diamond ring in the sand! Having planted it there, James got down on one knee to propose.
She was the only one that offered to try new things and go first. The rest of the class was quiet and wouldn't share or participate Ricki learned a lot and did well at her class each time.
He didn't want to appear sad, and determined to be upbeat afterwards. He was put under for the first time having no idea what to expect. He bounded out of the bed talking wildly, ripping his mouth stitches.
He could not keep up with the flow of dirty dishes. The dishes began to pile up by the sink. Eventually the pile came crashing down and broke many plates.
Mike knew it was from not brushing enough. After, Mike saw the bill for his cavity fillings. Mike decided he was definitely going to brush more often.
She pressed the button that dispenses the soda. Her soda got stuck in the machine! She was able to get it out by kicking the vending machine.
Both him and the instructor went on a flight inside a small craft. The student was delighted to have finally flown. The student is now a professional airline pilot.
Cindy snuck some candy and stashed the wrappers in her dresser. In the morning, Cindy heard the sound of spraying. Her mom was spraying a trail of ants that led to Cindy's dresser.
When she got to her home, all of her friends were waiting. They planned a big party. It was the best birthday Susan ever had.
I decided to harvest my own honey. I built a structure to house hundreds of bees. After a few weeks, I had successfully harvested some honey!
He created his own super hero name and costume. One day, radioactive waste spilled on him. Soon after, he got cancer and died.
So patty went fishing in the pond instead. She caught 4 trout and 1 bass. Patty made delicious fish sticks for dinner.
On a cold night, he took too much heroin and fainted. Marshall was overdosing. His roommate found and called 911 immediately.
She watched the boats pass by. The water was wild and fast! Kim thought it was pretty but dangerous.
It was a German Catholic Church at one time. I admired its Gothic architecture. Sadly, the church was sold and converted into condos.
When the book is delivered he reads the whole thing in one sitting. Jason practices kicks and punches in his room. Jason realizes that reading a book is not a good way to learn kung-fu.
He picked it up and didn't put it down for six hours. Now Frank loves to read and wants to be a writer. He looks at the day in the house as a blessing.
But then her fancy meal burned and Lee nearly cried! Then, at Ivy's suggestion, the two went to eat at McDonald's. The toe ended up having a very enjoyable meal together!
Alas, I did not realize I couldn't use olive oil to fry food. The olive oil reached its smoking point and burned. As a result, the chicken tasted terrible.
His first job paid $35,000 but went out of business. After its closing Craigus couldn't pay the rent. His mother wouldn't loan him money and he lost his apartment.
Then Jennifer set herself up out in her yard. Jennifer sipped her hot chocolate and watched the meteors in the sky. Once she started to get sleepy, she headed inside and went to bed.
The main sail of his small boat began to unfold. The wind caught the sails and became taut. The boat sailed far away into the sea.
Nick noticed some bluebirds in his backyard one day. He decided to build a bird house for them. Some weeks later he was delighted to see a bluebird was nesting in it.
He continued in college and started a local school paper. Eventually Tim got into a famous reporting graduate school. After his hard work, he became a national news reporter.
Her sweet little dog had died outside on the patio. Paige and her family were devastated by the loss of their dog. Paige's dad took care of the little dog by taking her to the vet.
When his time came to leave he went to pollo tropical. There was a very big line. Alain decided to go home hungry.
It was always just right ahead of him. Dan finally got a splendid idea. He got out his mobile and took a picture of the rainbow.
When he heard about the oculus rift pre orders he wanted it. He logged in the site to find it was 600$ to preorder it He never was able to buy the virtual reality gear.
He was too lazy to do it himself. While they did it for him he lounged around the store. Eventually he paid and drove back home with his new oil.
Tom ordered a brand new mechanical keyboard online. It came in the mail the next day. Tom's wrists no longer hurt with his more ergonomic keyboard.
The lot was huge, and there were trees everywhere. Kim fell in love with a small tree no taller than her. Her grandma protested, but Kim still got the tree she wanted.
However, several phones were missing when they got back. My aunt gave the family the benefit of the doubt and blamed Jim. Although he didn't admit that he did it, she showed the phone to Sam.
All day he spent in the woods waiting to see some game. Ethan didn't see anything the entire two weeks he spent outdoors. He went home very disappointed.
As she grew older Christina knew she had to do something with her life She worked hard and eventually became the theatre's manager. She felt it was the first step to improving herself.
Yet one day she ran out of them. Tina was disappointed. She had to go and buy more.
It was just to test them, they explained, and put her in bed. When she woke up, Santa had brought presents and eaten his cookies! It had all happened just like Mommy and Daddy said!
She took a flight on Saturday. She attended the shower on Sunday and took a red eye home that night. She was very tired but pleased to see her friends in California.
They also saw penguins which they love. They had lunch and bought souvenirs. They took lots of pictures to remember their special day.
So she ended up using Wikipedia for her entire assignment. Terry received an F a week later. And she never used Wikipedia again for research papers again.
Would the other kids be nice or mean? That morning she hugged her parents before heading off to school. Other kids greeted her and she started the day with a smile.
They made sure to bring a flashlight and a radio. The storm came and it was violent. Everyone emerged from the shelter ok after the storm had passed.
Her boss started to talk about all of the great work Sarah had done. Sarah was getting a promotion and raise! She was so surprised and excited.
The nearest gas station was over 20 minutes away. He asked a fellow camper for some gas so he could make the drive. The camper obliged and Christian was able to fill up his car.
I decided to go in after her but it was a bad idea. All the hot water was gone. She had been in there for two hours.
His drawer was 30 dollars short. Tim tried really hard that week. After a month he was the best cashier at his job.
I tried to write however, my hands were too cold. As soon as I got home, I decided to take a hot shower. My body was warm afterwards.
He found one place he had never tried before. He loved their sandwiches. He began frequenting his new favorite sandwich shop.
They looked at me oddly, as if I was a problem for them. As a solution, I used my laptop battery and unplugged from the wall. Now I can use any cafe which is available, and not worry about trips.
He vowed to go back to his homeland one day. When Menzel was retired, he decided to travel to Kenya. He loved his homeland so much that he stayed there until his death.
She ran to her room to see her bed. It was a black lacquered daybed with golden balls on the poles. Gina was thrilled with her new bed.
When I graduated, I got a job at a construction firm. They asked me to invent a new kind of bridge. I invented a new bridge and was finally an inventor!
It was great fun as we danced to Jackson Browne. My friend taunted me because they were jealous. It was the best homecoming dance I've ever attended.
A person was walking on the opposite side of the street. He was swaying back and forth without any emotion. Diana was scared and she tried to run away from him.
Chad was instantly drawn to the reclaimed wood counter top. Chad loved the contract it would provide in his kitchen. Chad decided he would purchase the reclaimed wood counter top.
John got angry as well and took a muffin from his plate. Matt picked up a piece of cake from his plate and pointed it at John. Right before they could fight, Mrs Steiner yelled at both of them.
I went to the shed and grabbed a rake. I raked the leaves on my yard. I put the leaves in bags and went inside.
Yesterday however they found a mouse in their food. Ramona was horrified. They would never go back again.
I took off the tire and inspected the brakes. The left side caliper bolt was broken in two. I replaced both bolts and repaired the brakes.
The private investigator eventually found her biological parents. Samantha contacted them and agreed to meet for dinner. Afterwards, Samantha kept in touch with them.
Apparently there is a standard size fish must be ? Every fish I caught was too small and got thrown back. At the end of the day I caught 5 but went home with none.
After a while she came up with an idea. We bought covers for a much bigger bed. Now we have plenty to spare but she still gets it all somehow.
She counted down every day for months. It dragged on forever - she was so eager! Finally it was prom night, and Gina was so happy!
He ate breakfast and brewed a cup of coffee He relaxed and watched the news for awhile before cleaning He later went shopping and got some groceries
He had his draft cheat sheet printed out. His power went out just as his draft was set to begin. He had to call his friend and have him do the draft in his place.
Sunday morning, the statue was found blocking the roadway. The statue is so heavy it takes five people even to move it. It is thought that several drunken men must have been the kidnappers.
I decided to enter the local golf tournament. I was so nervous that I was not playing well. I decided not to enter any more tournaments.
Tim felt awful. He decided to confess. Sam was just happy Tim told the truth.
Now all that was left was simply hiring someone to do the job for him. He looked in the papers and online for the best person to do the job. Once he had someone in mind he called them and set up an appointment.
He decides to try out for the track team. Marcus practices very hard until tryouts begin. Marcus succeeds in tryouts and makes the team!
Then she entered an archery contest. She took first place! Iva was officially an archer now!
One day, I was talking to his father on the phone. His father told me that he was cheating on me badly. I broke up with him and never looked back.
After I go tthere, I picked out some new pants. After checking out, I went home. Once home, I put them on and was very happy.
I use my pool net to fish them out and place them in a bucket. I put the bucket in my car and drive it to a nearby pond. When the eggs hatch the tadpoles will be in their new pond home.
When I was done, I ended up winning. The computer lost. I then proceeded to play again.
I was told to stay home and rest. I slept all day after the doctor. I am starting to feel better now that I am rested.
Her mom walked out of the room. She came back with a piece of fruit. Elle was extremely disappointed.
He decided to eat the patties by themselves. But he was only disappointed. When he opened his freezer to get ice cream, he saw misplaced buns.
They had been talking for over an hour. Sam really wanted to get off the phone wit his mother. He made up an excuse about how he had to go to class.
She visited the resident adviser and explained her need to move. She was told there may be an opening and she could move. Amy was ecstatic to be moving away from Sue.
She still needed to go to the grocery store to buy food to prepare. She decided to order take out. Her parents didn't mind and they had a good time.
Upon stepping on the concrete steps, he slipped and fell. He came down hard onto his back his shovel flying into the air. That day Billy didn't like shoveling the sidewalk.
She decided to go to the doctor and look for help. The doctor ordered an MRI and decided she needed surgery. Mary had surgery and now has almost full use of her knee without pain.
Kim tried to get information on what happened. Nobody ever found out. She eventually moved on.
As soon as the baby was delivered, Kelly went over. Kelly was thrilled to meet the baby. She thought the baby was beautiful.
She has been trying to conceive for years. They underwent a procedure, successfully. Both sets of grandparents were thrilled.
He tried it again. He burned the chicken. After five more tries, he finally cooked the perfect chicken.
He went over to the pump and looked at it like he had never seen one. Dan saw the old man's confusion. Dan got out and went over to help him pump his gas.
However she couldn't eat it all. She decided to save it for the next day. The next day the leftovers were still good.
He told her that she had to use all of the worst cards. Then, he used all of the good cards. She never knew better and he won, of course.
They tasted very good. Immediately when they flavors were created, the girls packaged them. They got to take them home after.
Despite sharing everything with me, he didn't tell me this fact. Dan chose a ring on his own, without my help. He's now engaged, and I hope to be the best man!
The ship got very close to the glaciers. It was amazing to see how blue the ice glaciers were. We want to go back again on our next vacation.
He immediately tried to play it. When it began loading, the game froze. Nothing he did could get it to load, the game was broken.
In the end, they caved and agreed to get her a pony for Christmas. When Christmas came, they presented her with a rocking horse. Her resentment and sense of betrayal festered for years.
Then she drove downtown, where the homeless people congregated. Nea began passing out the warm items to the needy people. The homeless people accepted them gladly and thanked Me warmly.
Normally the black cat would sit in the window or look at Mary. One day Mary opened the door and cat got out and it ran away. After that Mary lived a happy life, and not a scary one.
Tom got an interview with the HR department at Ernst and Young. It went pretty well for him. Now, Tom works there.
ONce there they realize it's empty. There's no other dogs for their puppy to play with. So they play with it themselves.
She took us to a Mormon meeting house in the area. I had my photo taken with a pretty Mormon woman. We took some pamphlets and left.
At first she thought it was music from a nearby car. Then she thought it must be a mechanical issue with the car. It turned out to be the suction from the tip of her water bottle.
I found a nice set of headphones. I bought the headphones with the gift card. I bought the headphones home and they were excellent.
He admired it so much that he took pictures of the vase. Phil's cat jumped onto the mantle and knocked the vase over. He cried as the pieces lay all over the floor.
He was able to go into the planetarium at school. He decided to go into the space program after this visit. After college, he was accepted into NASA.
On the way there he got stuck in a huge traffic jam. Larry called his fiancee to let her know what happened. His fiance was frustrated but understanding.
It was bad for the environment. Jim had a plan. He would now bring reusable bags whenever he shopped.
They ran outside of the outlet store. I tried to chase him however, he was too fast. I lost my sight of him.
She gave me a necklace he bought her, I tried to sell it on eBay for her, but nobody bought it. I will keep posting it until it sells.
Everyone was coughing and rubbing their nose. I told him he might be a bit paranoid, and he grew despondent. But he was right, the bake shop was owned by Satanists!
Maxwell decided to try walking one day. He discovered that it was faster to walk home. Maxwell's friends soon joined him in his walks.
Then she got a home tutor. He taught her the concepts and helped her learn. Ginny's grades rose to As and Bs!
Tina woke up at 7:30 am. Tina texted her boss to say she would be late. Tina had never been late before.
I picked tulips and roses. When I was done I put it in a vase. I got so many compliments on the flowers.
Her car started swerving and lost control. Kelly got scared. Her car stopped and she had to call for help.
She grabbed an egg. But when she cracked it open, she saw a developed chick inside. Rin's boss gave her the day off.
So she wakes up her husband and sends him out to get both. He drives all the way to the store and back. When he returns with the items she is asleep again.
We sat down to eat dinner. He made rude comments the entire time. We never invited him back again.
My parents called me to the car to go, and I ran as fast as I could. As we were pulling off, I realized I left my shoe! I begged my parents to go back, and was sad because they wouldn't.
The veterinarian said if he continues to gain it will be unhealthy. We don't want to risk any health problems. We put him on a healthy diet immediately.
It was a lonely kitten looking for food! Clark took the kitten home and gave him food and water. The kitten become one of Clark's best friends.
One summer, she auditioned for a part at the local fair. She was so nervous at tryouts that she forgot her routine. She didn't get the part.
A big man suddenly pushed him aside and took his suitcase. Johnny protested but the man was bigger than him. Johnny felt like a pushover when he left empty-handed.
At the meeting, she was told to sign her life away. Jenny got a bad feeling and didn't trust the label. She declined reluctantly, and followed her hunch that it wasn't right.
But when he looked down he realized how high it really was. He took a deep breath, hopping in. It was even more fun than he expected.
All of a sudden, she noticed a glimpse of green just a few steps away! Overjoyed, she sprinted back to her waiting friend, the object in tow. Sadie's owner took the ball and petted her for being such a good dog!
He got home with his mother and they prepared the eggs for Easter. He woke up on Easter Sunday and was so excited to hunt the eggs. He hunted the eggs over and over and was very happy.
He played with Army men and GI Joe dolls instead. In secret, though, he still liked playing with dolls. Eventually, he didn't care what anyone thought about it.
Further investigation revealed that that wasn't the case. Instead, they called their landlord. He came out and helped them fix things up.
While hungry, he tried to take his sister's cookie. She fought back and took it away from him. George cried afterwards.
But Calvin made friends in a local gang. He shot a man over drugs and another man for insulting him. He ran from the police but is on death row in California.
He peered out his window and saw a bunch of police officers. It looked like some couple was fighting in front of their house. Shawn shook his head and closed his curtains.
She went to the doctor and he gave her some antibiotics. She took a pill every day until they were gone, just as she was told. She was better in short order thanks to following the directions.
Once I got on stage I realized I wasn't brave enough. I ran off stage and the audience laughed. I realized that public speaking was not for me.
A few days later, he saw a teenager stealing food at a grocery store. And he yelled at the boy and slapped him. But a security guard quickly overpowered Joel.
The video showed a woman swimming with ten golden retrievers. Watching the video was a lot of fun. I felt foolish for ever doubting that Facebook would entertain me.
Unfortunately for Steve, his niece was one of his employees. Although she was the best, Steve feared being accused of nepotism. Feeling he had no choice but to pick her, Steve sadly fired her.
He was really nervous about it. Finally, it was time to play. The song actually went extremely well.
He also bought a book which illustrated a few basic chords. He practiced these chords for many weeks. Joseph was finally able to play a full song on the guitar.
They got there early and bought some popcorn and soda. Then they sat down to watch the movie. It was a very good film and they talked about it on the way home.
He thought his socks would be sufficient. Tom ripped through his socks and ruined them. Tom was sad about it and learned a lesson.
Anne and Sam were sad to be separated. However, the girls realized they could still email and text every day. The girls remained best friends even with the distance.
There was a lot of dust and cobwebs. Damon found a box with a large gold nugget. He took the nugget home to have it appraised.
I sat in the chair trembling. When they stuck the needle in, I flinched. My arm ended up hurting for days.
Using a pin, he picked the lock of the door and snuck inside. He took money from the teacher's desk and was about to leave. The teacher walked in the room and caught him in the act.
The employer says their employees should be proud to work there. The employees started seeking better paying jobs. The employer was left very confused.
They finally decided to date. They're parents thought it was puppy love. Ana and Alex married twenty Years later.
Bella's favorite were the killer whales. She decided she wanted to work with them when she grew up. Bella is now in college studying marine biology.
He went to meet his new sister at the airport. She smiled and wrapped her tiny arms around his legs. He decided having a little sister was wonderful.
His dad practiced with him every day. On game day, James was excited. He hit his first home run.
He said the salary was great and you get a lot of time off. Plus you are forced to retire at an early age and with full benefits. He sold me on it and I just applied to become one.
Dominick stopped paying attention to the teacher. He realized his grades was getting bad. Dominick started paying attention to the teacher again.
Not only a computer fell out but a few other electronics did. The boss came in to find out what the big noise came from. He began to get angry at Nancy.
They were going to sell it and keep the profits. It took almost a year to get the house sold and get money. They were so relieved to finally have the money.
Her mama gave her a nail file to fix it. Lorraine filed the ragged edge of her nail until it was smooth. She returned the nail filed to her mama when she was finished.
When the doctor looked for the heartbeat, he couldn't find it. He told us my baby had died and miscarried. I got a D&C the next day and had the baby removed.
I immediately opened it up and put the stuff on my head. When I was done it looked horrible. I knew not to do that again.
Turns out there was a bomb threat at the school. We were all panicking because we never had this happen before. Turns out it was just a bad prank.
But she has grown over time. She pulled and tugged and the jeans. They ended up ripping in half.
She had no allies left in her class. And sitting next to her old friends was uncomfortable. Gina felt like an outcast.
Without checking the recipe, he starting mixing the ingredients. He tasted the batter and pursed his lips. He had added a whole cup of salt!
When the show started he still needed more seating. The manager had to explain to the patrons that they had to stand. The patrons tried to find a spot on the wall to lean against.
She put the baby in the sink. Using a sponge, she washed the baby. When she was done, she wrapped the baby in  a towel.
Suddenly, she yanked it open. A glob of foundation flew onto the mirror. Jenna had to clean it up with cleaning spray.
A girl bumped into her spilling he could drink all over her dress. As she wiped up the spill the lights came on in the club. Holly was furious the club was closing.
I listen to it at work and at home. My friends try to get me to listen to new age hip hop. It just doesn't sound as good to me and they disagree.
Her mother came in with some delicious chicken soup. This seemed to do the trick, as Kelly felt better shortly. In no time Kelly was back on her feet and well again.
When he finally saved enough, he went out to the store to look. The new iPhone caught his eye immediately. He walked out of the store already texting his friends.
Her arrow pierced it and brought it down. Happily, Tia went to get it and bring it home. There, she plucked it and roasted it for her family.
I decided to move to Texas. I loved the warmth of Texas. I decided to retire in Texas.
One day they caused quite a disturbance in the halls. The principal was very angry. Fred and George never returned to their school after that day.
One night she decided to cut her own hair. It was a mistake. Allison wore a hat for the next several weeks to hide her hair.
Freda was so heartbroken and angry Freda learned to accept her fate Freda smiled as she took her last breath and told her daughter goodbye
Her front tire was flat! She called the auto club for help. Soon they came to replace her tire.
He went to the local jeweler in his city. He looked around and found a watch her liked. Jared then purchased the watch and it looked nice.
He only eats red apples. He thinks his sugar gets low if he doesn't eat an apple. It is an interesting quirk about a person.
The dog constantly poops wherever it pleases. I confronted my neighbors about the dog poop. They started to teach their dog where and where not to poop.
Then she booked a cruise. She sailed to the Mexican riviera. Emma loved her cruise!
She kept turning the knob. Eventually he pulled over and told her to get out. She promised to stop messing with the radio after.
She took up a job mowing lawns. It took her three weeks to save up the money. She got the pants and couldn't be happier.
Their new house is really little. We didn't know how we would all fit for Thanksgiving. Somehow there was enough room and it was a lot of fun.
She then went to the store and bought the ingredients. She returned home and began to make the pie. Her first homemade pie was delicious and was eaten quickly.
He did not have time to eat anything. Darren jumped on his bike and raced towards the school. It turns out he made it just in time.
She eagerly watched the drawing on TV. As the numbers were called out, she grew excited. She had matched every number and won the lottery jackpot!
When his grades came out, his grades were great. Bradley's good grades earned him a spot on the Dean's list He celebrated that weekend with his parents.
The Johnson's don't have TV, and didn't know there was a hurricane. It was to late for the Johnsons, the didn't escape. But later, swimming in the water, they got saved by a helicopter.
He asked his sister May for help. May took an old shirt and carefully cut and sewed. She made Ed a vest better than any he'd seen in stores!
David saw a nice blue velvet couch on the curb with a free sign on it. David called a friend with a truck to help him move it to his house. David had a nice blue velvet couch.
We rode a camel and a horse. My brothers got to pet a monkey but I was scared. My dad said that we will get to go again very soon.
My wife did not like this type of candy. I ate most of it. I might need to diet for a month.
She continued to walk towards the kitchen. She placed her hand on the kettle when I told her not to. She ended up burning her hand.
He bought him a new smartphone. The smartphone was too advanced for the grandpa. The kid was happy to try to help his gramps though.
My excuse not to clean was that I needed to make money on Mturk. Thinking of stories is hard, so I've mostly been looking at Facebook. I feel really guilty, but lucky.
He saw mold on the floor. He cleaned the bathroom. His bathroom became clean.
He would try and try all day but kept getting blocked. His coach taught him how to be a back row hitter because of his size. He is now one of the best back row hitters on the team.
There were 45 minutes left. So Jane decided to take a quick shower. 10 minutes later, she heard a knock on the door.
His friend Eric blindfolded him and told him to try again. Patrick threw the ball and it sailed through the air. It crashed clear through his neighbor's window.
She came across her brother's chemistry set and was soon absorbed. She loved watching the interesting chemical reactions! Felicity decided then and there to become the best chemist ever.
They had blast drinking a ton and playing slot games. She woke up in the bath tub. She realized she had too much to drink the night before.
A tow truck was called to bring it to the shop. The mechanic said it just needed a new battery. The car was running like new again!
She didn't want to lose her whole summer of being outdoors. Then she decided to get a job as a lifeguard. Telli got to earn cash AND swim and tan in the sun every day!
However, her mom said yes when June asked her. She dressed up and left the house. Her father was bickering at her mom for letting her go.
He got up from bed. Richard made his way to the kitchen. Richard made himself a sandwhich.
He heard small voices from inside his home. He got very scared. It turns out it was his friends who threw a surprise party.
When they arrived, I set them up. I closed the curtains and they cut off all light. I sat in my chair and relaxed.
They weren't supposed to be mixed. They caused an explosion. The scientist and his lab burned down.
She wasn't exactly sure what to expect. She studied day and night to be prepared. After her last final of the semester she felt like she had done well.
She wasn't sure if she should reveal her mistake to her friend. The next day, her dilemma was rendered moot. Her capricious friend announced she was done being a vegetarian!
He adopted another one from the pound. Now his cat had a best friend. Both cats were very happy!
Finally she had a few thousand dollars! She found a great used car for sale in the paper. Nita was so pleased with her new car!
Mary and her family read the bible after dinner. Lucy felt odd and left out. Mary's mother allowed them to color instead.
Her parents brought her outside and showed her a beat up sedan. She tried to be nice and sound appreciative but she was disappointed. Then, they revealed that it was a trick and her real car was nice.
All of these homes were destroyed by the fire. The community pooled their money together to rebuild the homes. A few years later, all the burnt homes had been rebuilt!
The coach told him he didn't weigh enough. Matt ate nothing but unhealthy food for weeks. He gained enough weight and was able to make the wrestling team.
Mike was worried about how he would pay his bills on time. He filed for unemployment and looked for work daily. He found a new job and paid all his bills on time.
He couldn't leave, so his friend Al invited him over for the night. He was happy to have such a good friend, and accepted. They had a good time together despite Arthur's flight mishap.
She told him to stop, he was like a brother to her. Then he tried to talk to her about his feelings. She said no because she didn't feel a need to have sex with him.
She accidentally stepped on one. A drill bit went into her foot. Her mom got her a band-aid right away.
He decided he wanted to get a Sony DSLR camera. He saved up for months to purchase it. Sam was finally able to order his Sony camera after a few months.
Val was on her best behavior while at lunch. When lunch was over Ali's friend June congratulated Ali. She was impressed by Ali's capacity to forgive.
She got her pen and pad out and was ready. She started writing the article. When she was done it was published.
Although I tried talking about tomorrow's party, he didn't listen much He tried to speak about a different subject. I ended up leaving since he couldn't stop talking.
She hadn't been awakened for a night feeding. May went into the baby's room to check on her. The baby was awake, smiling, and cooing.
She saw that he had taken his diaper off. The contents of the diaper were all over the place. She had to clean it all, and she was grossed out.
Last week, his friends didn't see him because he had so much work. He kept complaining about it when we saw him. However, we all think that he enjoys it.
Chad forgot to learn how to ride the bike. Chad climbed on the seat. The bicycle fell on top of Chad.
An old man watching him laughed at his failure. Frank went over to the old man to yell at his rude laugh. The old man got scared and ran away.
So she went down to the beach. There, she spent hours flying it. Alice was very happy with her new kite!
Eventually he finds the aisle with beans. He buys the beans and returns home. Finally Jackson eats the beans.
Joe went to bed that night thinking this would make them feel sorry. When he awoke the next morning, Joe found his bags packed by the door. His mom attached a note saying she'd see him when he gets back.
One day, Gray's mom told him to just lay down and go to sleep. Gray got a cup of milk, drank it, and went to sleep. From then on, Gray's mom let him fall asleep on his own.
Jim took some time to wipe the sand out of his eyes. When he can see clearly again, he attacked Brad. They ended up rolling on the ground.
Pete was incredulous so he tried out the ladder. Without the extra rungs, the ladder was too weak to hold Pete. Pete fell down and said that it was certainly faster for falling.
It had been the same routine, every day since his plane had crashed. Woken in the morning, and made to play poker all day long. With the last cut, Rich won the right to live another day.
Buzzy smacked the broom against the wall as he yelled at his wife. The handle broke and scratched his hand. Buzzy yelled even louder.
There was no one else at the house. And Gina had nothing else to do. She decided to sit on the porch and wait for her grandma to finish.
She tried it on, but it did not fit. She looked for a better size, but the store did not have it. The store ordered the right size, and she went home.
He began to sleep 5 hours later each night. After grueling nights, he accomplished this. He was able to get his sleep schedule back on track.
Fortunately, an elderly man stopped behind them and gave them a lift. Once they arrived at the school, the man stayed to listen to the show. The band then brought the man on stage to thank him for his help.
She took him to a taxidermist and got him stuffed. Milly put him in her living room where she could see him every day. Milly was very happy to have Buttons back again.
Mark washed out a bowl and got a book on fish care at the library. Unfortunately the pet store was all out of fish! Mark's mother got him a hamster instead and he was just as happy!
I ordered a hamburger. My friends ordered the same. My wife said people often do that.
He asked if I ever made ice cream from snow ? We went outside to get the snow. He showed me how to make it, and it was delicious !
There had been a tornado the month before. The thought of another had her on edge. She checked online and realized it was only the monthly test.
When I got to the register, I realized I couldn't afford everything. I had to put a few items back. I was sad to leave the store without all my items.
The boys crowded around, making ribbiting sounds. Dan lost his footing and suddenly slipped. He fell down right on top of the frog, smashing it flat!
He moved Julia away from Daniel and threatened him. Julia said that they were friends. Her father didn't care and asked Daniel to stay away from her.
Chuck took the list and bought everything online on Thursday. Trish was sad that she would miss the shopping. She got over being sad when she had a nice easy Friday with the family.
Finally, they acquiesced. But the kitten scratches and made a mess everywhere! Ella realized she should have thought harder about getting a kitten.
One day I came across reddit.com. The introduced me to Mechanical turk. I have been working at home for six months.
I ended up missing my flight. Thankfully I was given a new flight. Finally I got to my destination.
He had no idea we were going to the houseboat, a place he loves. When we made a left turn on Homestead, he was so excited. We had an amazing time all night on the boat and the next day too.
One day, Erin went to a cookout with one of her friends. The host had baked beans on the menu. Despite her dislike of beans, she ate some to be polite and liked them
He planned how he would spend his $100 paycheck. When payday came he found his check was only for $75. He forgot he would have to pay taxes.
As soon as she was put in the ambulance they started CPR. We arrived at the hospital within 10 minutes and the doctor took over. I then received the news, my 16 year old daughter had died.
I have gained a lot of muscle. Now I have to move up to a higher weight class. I am glad I lifted weights and I can be in a different weight class.
He decided to get it shaved. Now Jeff looks weird. His mom didn't recognize him.
He had to gather all of the blankets in his house. Corey does not regret his decision. His blanket fort is awesome.
I found the game on a website online. I put my card info in the site and bought the game. I waited for a few days for it to arrive in the mail.
Emmy's mom called them inside to rest a while. She had two cups of steamy hot cocoa for them. They warmed their hands on the cups as they drank.
After all her friends got the invite, she decorated for the party. When all the friends arrived they played spooky games. All of the Isabella's friends thanked her for the best party.
He figured that out later. He cheated on her. He broke her heart.
She learned all of the songs. Unfortunately their mother had never attended one in person. For her 50th birthday the boys surprised her with tickets.
One day she got sick and had to miss a semester. Amanda became severely depressed. She was very happy when she was able to return to her college.
So, I started taking flying lessons. It has taken a long time and a lot of hard work. Yesterday, I got my pilot's license.
Sue started inventing wild tales for her diary. While cleaning, Sue's mom found the diary. Sue's mom waited with a lecture ready for her daughter.
Both locations were pretty and serene. We ate at nice places and stayed a nice hotel. It was sad to head back home.
He decided to audition for the local team. He was granted a position at the team! After many years, Hari made it to the professional leagues!
She asked if she could join the class. Christa said she could. The new student was pleased to be able to join.
That day Dad was carrying a cardboard box in the door. He said he had a surprise for us all. We were so excited when we saw the new tiny puppy he has for us.
It took him five seconds to decide to go. As he packed his bags he thought about how amazing the weekend will be. Before he knew it, they had arrived.
I follow the windows with setting the alarm. Finally, I call the home security company to check my phone lines. I do this every night to sleep peacefully.
She walked through cities, and sampled the local cuisine. She tried to find her birth mother, but was unsuccessful. She realized that America was her true home after all.
When I opened the envelope, I found money in it. Although my mom wanted to keep the money, I refused. I walked to the address and gave it to the owner, who thanked me.
One time, I found the gun and started playing with it. My dad found out and grounded me. I realized that I shouldn't play with guns.
They inform him that the stereo is stolen. They ask him some questions, confiscate the stereo and leave. He vows to never buy anything on craigslist again.
One day he was driving and picked up a hitchhiker. When the man got in the car Larry recognized him immediately. The hitchhiker was his father!
Me and my grandmother sat in the front row. The final match was on with Hulk Hogan. Hulk Hogan defeated Andre the Giant.
He decided it wouldn't be hard to make popcorn on the stove. He put in oil and the kernels, shaking it like his mom always did. But he had put in too many kernels so the pot overflowed!
Training the dog took a lot more time than Josh had thought. Josh began to worry he wouldn't have time to date again. His fears disappeared when he met the perfect girl at the dog park.
Kella put a frantic ad online. Another contractor answered and said he could finish the job. He did a great job and Kella was very pleased!
Just then her roommate entered. Her roommate was a lot more outgoing, and wild than Amy. Amy was concerned, but she hoped they would be friends.
After that was done, I put the meatballs in the bread. Next, I topped the sandwich with provolone cheese. Lastly, I enjoyed my sandwich.
He was stupid and threw a pebble at it. The ostrich was mad and started chasing him. Kevin was able to escape.
It was her mother. She asked her how her day was. Terri said it was fine.
When the host asked her recipe, Gloria became very quiet. She refused to speak. If others knew her recipe her empanadas wouldn't be special.
One day, Judy threw up during gym class. But teachers refused to change her schedule. Judy no longer ate during lunch time.
She wound it up and put it next to her son. As it moved, the boy freaked out. For some reason, the toy scared him.
We spent the night indoors and woke up in the morning to a snowstorm. She and I walked a few blocks to buy hats and gloves for the kids. With everyone warm, we enjoyed a snowy few days in the city.
Jill suddenly slapped Mary out of frustration. Mary told their mother what had happened. Jill was grounded for 2 weeks for her rude behavior.
He tripped on a branch suddenly and saw a mouse. The mouse looked at him and ran away. The boy was curious and followed and he found a watering hole.
He stopped to help and saw kids inside. Without self concern he broke the windows and saved them. His fear now gone Bill joined the Fire Dept.
I washed several loads of laundry for hours. I took the freshly cleaned clothes and folded them. I brought the clothes to my dresser.
Her grandma suggested a Funny Girl. As she read the box her grandma told her the plot of the movie. Lucy had never heard of it but decided to give it a shot.
He used a net to chase them with. But none of the minnows were slow enough to be caught! Finally, Even gave up on the idea of having minnows as pets.
Lela was certain she'd never get caught. She had underestimated the tenacity of the IRS. They totally caught her, convicted her, and put her in prison.
I gave it to her. She opened it right there and then! She smiled and said she wanted to date me!
Sally ended up meeting some really great friends at school. Sally began enjoying her new life in high school very much. Sally thrived in high school and had a great time.
He worked for hours and finally found something. Eric had found a cure for cancer! The vaccine was distributed worldwide to cure cancer.
I became tense since I was jealous. Therefore, I stood up to Jerry and pushed him. He landed on the ground.
Jennie put on her uniform, and drank a sports drink. Jennie played well the whole game. Jennie's team won!
She used her antique grandma's casserole dish. She prepared the peppers and placed them in the dish. Unfortunately, when she lifted the dish, the bottom fell out.
When it was time to go home she went to the parking garage. Amy couldn't find  her car. She walked around for an hour before she found her car.
He hoped this would make his car easier to see. And reduce his chances of getting into an accident. But the next day, he hit a parked car.
I then went to the fridge to get the peanut butter. I laid out everything and made ready to make my meal. But when I opened the package of crackers they were broken!
One afternoon the freshman sat in his lap. She asked Milton could she sit in his lap everyday? Milton said yes, but they would have to keep the affair a secret.
They started ascending a narrow staircase to the top. On the summit, they were surrounded by clouds. They tried taking a selfie, but all that showed up was fog.
I asked to get a ceiling fan put in and never got a response. I recently called about my kitchen light bulbs going out. I washed dishes in the dark for three weeks before I got a response.
We scheduled to meet in Nordstroms in Cerritos at five o'clock I first went window shopping and people watching. At five, my mother wasn't at Nordstroms and she never showed.
There he saw her, standing by the ferris wheel. Finally he approached her, and she smiled in return. They chatted all night, and have been inseparable since.
The bank was on the third floor. So everyone had to go up the stairs. It made it a good workout for all the customers.
Gary set up a video camera to watch the baby chickens. On the video, Gary saw foxes stealing the baby chickens. Gary built a stronger chicken coop to keep the foxes out.
She ordered a large popcorn with extra butter. She accidentally received a medium instead of a large popcorn. Sally told the cashier and was able to get her correct order.
Mary studied every day at the library. Mary aced all her finals. Her parents were proud to hear that she got straight A's.
When I got older, my dad contacted me. He wanted to have lunch and talk. I showed up, but he did not show up that day.
Unfortunately her internet connection was weak. The show wouldn't load no matter how many times she tried. Madison resigned herself to another boring night.
Tuck was determined lose weight by hook or by crook. He developed a strict diet and exercise regimen After a year of hard work, Tuck lost over a hundred pounds.
I applied to a janitor position. The employer refused to employ me because I had a degree. I realized that my degree was an obstacle to becoming a janitor.
I was planning how to pull them out of the garden to transplant. As I sat contemplating, I saw a hummingbird fly out of the tree. I decided to leave the trees exactly where they were.
Trying not to panic, he clung for dear life to the pole overhead. He cried out for help, hoping someone was nearby to aid him. Bored of waiting, the next kid in line pushed him down the waterslide.
One day she wanted to chase after her older sister but couldn't. She decided to take her first step and go after Sister. She started and she couldn't stop!
All of her co-workers thanked her for all the candy. Ida was very glad that someone was enjoying all the candy. At the end of the day all the candy was gone.
He searched pottery stores to no avail. Finally he bought himself some clay and made his own. It vaguely resembled a pig.
Tiffany especially loved taking care of the residents. Tiffany wanted to do more and decided to go to school for nursing. Four Years later, Tiffany graduated and loved her job as a nurse.
But then his dad chuckled and told him to cheer up. His dad glued the truck back together easily. When the glue dried, it was as good as new!
It was about pilots. He was very surprised. They had a great time at the play.
Amy was shocked, and promptly asked for a divorce. Bobby started creeping on Amy, and Amy got a bat. Amy bashed in his skull, and Bobby creeped on the floor.
He got online and looked how to make money. He read an article about freelance work and building websites. One week later he now has his own website design business.
I started to ask many questions. The teacher got angry at me for asking so many questions. I told my parents what happened and they scolded the teacher.
He went outside and picked a few large ones. Then he added them to his pasta. But John got sick because his mushrooms were poisonous!
I put thousands of dollars into my account and set up a portfolio. Alas, the portfolio did terrible in the fiscal quarter. I lost almost all of my money!
Mary had to spend thirty dollars for a huge scratching post. Now her kitten has an outlet for scratching. But Mary is finding her new cat to be very expensive.
Sara saved up $15 and bought a gown secondhand at a consignment shop. She wore it with her head held high. And everyone at prom complimented her lovely dress!
Sam hates mowing the lawn, but loves his allowance. Sam finishes his routine of chores and beckons his father. John happily gives his son his hard earned money.
But his hand slipped, and he dangled from one carabiner! Quickly he regained his grip on the wall. There he clung, panting, until he had calmed down.
She decided to take a small bite. Sure enough, her tongue was burnt. She ran it under cold water to avoid the pain.
Every day, even when he did not want to, he went to the gym. Tony worked hard for an hour each day lifting weights. After six months Tony was big, strong and proud of his accomplishment
Joe decided to cheat during this blackout. He took another ball and rolled them at the same time. The lights came back on during his deceit and he was ashamed.
Then he sat down to write a song. He couldn't play the guitar. Jim signed up for guitar lessons.
Then he filled it with milk. His doorbell rang and he left the table to answer it. When he came back his cat had eaten it all.
He was sad for a while, but then he had a new idea. Lou went to work as a firefighter. Now he earns a living by helping people!
He stumbled over and stuttered when trying to talk to her. She thought it was cute and gave him a chance. It didn't go anywhere but it gave him courage.
He went out on Friday. Pictures from Friday surfaced. Come to find out, he has a girlfriend.
They rented out a boat and went out to sea. They put on their gear and dove down. They saw amazing things and were delighted they had tried diving.
We end up driving to California. We hung out at the beach for 2 hours. Then we drove back to Arizona.
He carefully picked them off of the tree log. Afterwards, he carried his mushrooms home. He was able to sell them to a restaurant for $300 the next day.
Just as she is buying the soda a friend almost sees her buy it. Lucretia is very happy her friend did not see her buying a soda. She goes home to drink the soda alone and is very happy.
He took a cab to his hotel. Then he went out and ate a traditional African dinner. Neil knew he was really going to like Mali!
His phone was dead. He stopped by someone's house and asked for directions. He made it safe.
He listened to his mom. Derek got into college. Now he is a doctor.
They had lunch at the museum afterwards. Soon after, the class was given a tour. The teacher assigned the class homework to write about their trip.
He ordered mint chocolate chip but they were out. After careful consideration, he ordered vanilla with cookie dough. Jacob liked it better than mint!
He like to play with a ball of yarn. One day, the cat lost his ball of yarn. Then Jane went to the shop to buy another one.
I called our email hosting provider. They said there had been a spoofing attack. They wiped my boss' email account and restored his old mail.
Her father brought her a small foot stool. She was able to reach all the parts except the top. Her father put her on his shoulders to add the star to the top.
He decided that he was in great shape. Michael entered a Fit Man Competition and trained for many weeks. He lost in the finals but decided that he would do it again.
She bought some lavender bath salts. She used them the next time she took a hot bath. They made her very relaxed!
Finally a friend recommended that Viola become a carpenter. She trained very hard for a long time. Finally Viola had a career that she loved.
They made it into town and found a gas station. They relieved themselves and filled up their tank. The family enjoyed seeing the local attractions in Birmingham.
Everything she owned was drab She decided to ask her mom for new clothes. There was no money to buy Gina a new wardrobe.
He worked at a smelly place so he couldn't help it. In fact, he sort of liked the smell. The smell was like memories to him.
Next, he made campaign posters to hang up around school. Finally, Ted drafted a speech to give on election day. On election day, Ted was not elected because people liked Bob better.
Every night there'd be a call from an unidentified number at midnight. Ed decided he didn't really want the phone, after all. He put it back in the gutter where he found it.
He opened up the package. To his disappointment the screen had a pink tint to it. Sam called Amazon and was able to get a replacement phone.
Coach has asked Dan to host a special event for him the last 12 years. Dan always says no but agreed to this year if Syracuse advances. Syracuse advanced and now Dan has to host the event on April 30th.
I had to quickly rush to the store to buy some more. I bought some mechanical pencils from the store. Luckily, I made it to the test on time.
Joe sold subscriptions to his neighbors. Instead of turning in the money, he bought the bike. The neighbors waited for months before complaining.
At sixteen, his father finally agreed to let him take real lessons. On his first solo flight, the plane's engines stopped! He remembered his brave grandfather, and calmly glided to the ground.
However, she spit the peace out and threw up. Her dad got furious when he saw the icing in the trash. He told Janet that she ate cement instead of icing.
We were amazed at how good the fighting scenes were. They did a really good job, and acting was great. It was a fun night and we really enjoyed it.
As Jane sipped it, she acted tipsy in front of her friend. When Jane went to the restroom, her friend went to the bar. She asked the bartender to make what Jane was drinking.
I did not know if I would be able to go to college. I applied to many colleges. I was happy when I got a scholarship!
A piece of dust got in her eye. She ran to the bathroom. She washed it out but her eye remained red.
The boys at school call her warrior princess. People are so mean. I wish I was a warrior princess so I could make them be quiet!
The next day, Jan came to school grumpy. He was grounded by his parents and his car caught a flat tire. I couldn't resist laughing at him.
The owner was delighted to have us over to fish and joined us. Once we arrived, we spent some time fishing for bass. It didn't take long before we caught one!
On the way to their destination, the bag ripped. Matt was upset. They went to a store and bought more food.
But Avery begged her for new shoes. Lulu finally caved in and agreed. When they were done she bought five pairs.
Grandma hoped that they were the right size for Vinny. When Vinny came over, Grandma gave him the new shorts. Vinny was so excited that he put the shorts on right away!
She got her first job this year. She had enough money to buy them one. Her parents gratefully accepted the gift.
He tried to fix it but the storm was messing it up. He had his family light candles and get flashlights. Luckily, they lasted long enough for the power to come back.
One day John followed Eric, and discovered he was doing ballet! Eric hadn't wanted to tell John, as he was worried John would laugh. John reassured his friend he would never judge him for his hobbies.
She met a few colleagues who invited her to drive into New York. That night, they all drove into the city and ate dinner. After the trip, Georgia continued to stay friends with the group.
He said I had the flu. He gave me some medicine. I overcame the flu within the week.
Unfortunately, she didn't schedule her nervous breakdown well. Emily missed work on Black Friday. Now Emily is frantically trying to earn at least $400 on mturk.
The other chose games based on the number of letters in their names. The tournament played out and we were shocked at the results. My son with the letter strategy won by a huge margin.
One day, her parents said they were coming to visit. Syd planned to meet them in a cafe to avoid notice. As she approached the cafe, Syd abruptly turned and walked away.
Jonah was very sad because it was his mother's favorite table. Jonah's mother was not angry. She used a cloth to wipe the crayon away.
After a month, he received a promotion. Ky was excited. He believed his skills showed he deserved his promotion.
The men were aiming long pointed sticks at each other! He learned that it was called jousting. Ed thought jousting was fascinating!
He was very upset. Jason marched to the bank office. The bank fixed the mistake and apologized.
On the paper was a love note. She was confused and didn't know who it was from. Then, her neighbor appeared and admitted that he had left it.
Soon he was strong and buff. Then he joined a fighting league. Soon he was fighting on national TV!
James went up to catch the football. The football hit him right in the fingers. James had to sit out the rest of the game with a sore hand.
When she got it there was a problem. It was ice cold. Lucy had to heat it up.
Colin didn't know what frightened him more. Was it seeing his dead fiance and stillborn child? Or that someone had broken into his home to put them there?
She took a quite, harried shower. She scrubbed her body and washed her hair. She felt so much better and cleaner afterwards!
But she accidentally vacuumed up metal screws. And the vacuum stopped working. Kim was devastated.
When she walked in, she saw a girl from work that she doesn't like. The girl yelled at her from across the store, but Linda ignored her. She hurriedly got her groceries and left.
She went to the store with her mother. She found a tie with little terriers on it. It would be the perfect birthday gift.
He ended up hitting her on the face. In addition, several tables were broken as they fought. My father made an announcement in order to cancel the party.
But when she was called, she stood, resolving to do her best. To her relief, the questions were easy. Grace scored very well on her oral exam.
I  moved  the  furniture  and  used  a footstool. The  cat  can  now  climb  on the  furniture  like  a ladder. He is able  to  look  out  the  window.
He heard that American Idol auditions were being held nearby. Brian went and auditioned for the show. The judges laughed at him and weren't impressed at all.
She went and laid outside for a while. Unfortunately she fell asleep. By the time she woke up she was really sunburned.
He encountered a much younger woman in her early 60s. They started to talk and ended up liking each other. Fast forward a few months and now they are engaged.
The doctor was advised he take a break from work. John decided to relax at home for the week. He was soon back to his vibrant self.
Gina offered to walk to the store. But her grandmother was afraid she would get lost. Gina needed to wait for her grandpa to return home to go to the store.
But eventually they catch up with him at work. All they want is a job reference for an old Navy buddy of Jack's. Jack is relieved.
I grabbed her up, and wrapped her in a scarf I had with me. I took her home, bathed her, and fed her milk and chicken. I've had her for seven Years now, and she's my best buddy.
Xavier spent the whole class period making rings. It counted for credit because they required soldering. Xavier did this every week to avoid actually learning metalworking.
Her aunt passed by her after the ceremony. Ann smiled and threw rice at the bride and groom. She had a great time acting silly at the wedding!
Unfortunately, the dish sponge had seen better days. She squirted dish soap on the wet sponge to put in the microwave. After 30 seconds, the dish sponge was like new again.
He blew the train whistle to alert him. The man refused to move. The conductor also didn't move because he didn't know to do.
We got lost and ended up in a rough section of town. A kind old man showed us the way. I was pleased when the GPS became popular.
He forgot his car phone charger at home because he was in a hurry. Halfway through his shift his phone ran out of battery. Without the map it took him an hour for a 10 minute delivery.
Nick went to the store. He purchased a much faster smartphone. Nick is much happier with his new device.
And it was cold. Both of them complained. And they got a refund.
They put candles in it, but it they sank to the bottom. Despite this, Charles was so happy for his birthday pudding. Now he gets pudding instead of cake every year.
Then, I got to lunch, and I spilt my milk all over my new dress. I went to the off the milk and  I found a twenty dollar bill. When I walked out I had a big smile, and I had a great day after that.
There, he ate four plates of food. But that night, he got a terrible stomachache. Ben wished he had eaten a little less
When she awoke on Friday, it was 5 minutes past her exam time. She rushed as quick as possible to her classroom to find it empty. The professor had moved the exam earlier that morning!
The note invited Andy to meet her behind the gym after school. Sue waited and waited behind the gym but Andy never showed up. Later she found out that Andy liked her and was too nervous to come.
I also considered consulting a cookbook. My roommate told me to just search the internet. The internet turned out to be a wonderful lasagna resource.
Mary spent most of that day bird watching. When she returned home she researched bird watching on the internet. That was several years ago and Mary is still an avid birdwatcher.
But her friends encouraged her to come. Emily sat on the hot sand and watched her friends swim. She regret going.
Ed was so unhappy! He had to dress warmly that day. Ed was forced to walk the mile to school.
Mike jumped out of bed and gathered his tax papers. He began crunching numbers and filling out forms. Fortunately, Mike was able to file his taxes at the last minute.
Naturally, the market collapsed. I lost a lot of money. I decided that the stock market wasn't for me.
Since Nancy was afraid of heights, she never rode a roller coaster. Since Nancy declined Greg's roller coaster offer. Greg went on the roller coaster by himself.
He took off his shoe. Bob noticed that a blister has formed on his toe. Bob put blister lotion on his toe when he arrived home.
When the chef gave her her order for the table, she took a bite. It was rather chewy but actually delicious. Rachel decided to dear
Sal went to the pet store but on his way he heard noise in an alley. Looking in the alley, he found a skinny, filthy cat. Sal took the cat home and soon the two were best friends.
Football games and tailgating are just one example. The South is rich in history. However, the South is usually made fun of for many things too.
Aubrey spotted her old friend Mary across the aisle. She ran and gave her a big hug. The two danced together all night.
He wanted to quit and become a famous skateboarder. Jim finally got the courage one day and quit his job. Jim practiced everyday but was never good enough to turn professional.
They left for their trip in January. Mary and Fred visited five major areas during the vacation. They had a great time and looked forward to their next adventure.
Pat settled on trying out Falcetti music. He went through a few weeks of classes. Pat's piano skills have gone from beginner to intermediate.
He set up a schedule to workout every day. John made this commitment and took it seriously. He could definitely see a difference in his physique after two weeks!
Many people saw the sign and word got around. The next week there was a boom of business. The bar owner had to hire more staff to handle the new customers.
He decided to ask her to marry him, and bought a ring. He took Angel to her favorite dining place and proposed. Angel said yes, which made Adam happy.
As soon as Jan stepped on the ice, she fell. Everyone went completely silent. Jan started laughing hysterically at her clumsiness.
His mom turned out the lights. Johnny heard a clap of thunder in the distance. Johnny ended up right back in his mom's bed.
He decided to research different breeds online. Hillary went to the Adoption Center and saw several choices. After weeks of thinking, he decided to go with a 13 week old lab mix.
He went to Mary's house with his guitar. He played love songs on his guitar. Mary told Sam to go home.
We made lots of money on different business adventures. Matt ended up being a jerk to me. I figured out, money isn't everything.
As soon as they walked in, ally grabbed about four pairs of shoes. Each one fit perfectly. Jill ended up buying all of them for her.
He started handing out flyers on the street, near his restaurant. People started coming in. Timmy was overjoyed with excitement.
Tom and Bill began talking. They discovered they have similar interests. They decided to go to dinner together that night.
Everyone ate some gumbo then went back for more! After lunch, everyone helped clean the dishes. Grandma Jenkins delighted in her time spent with family.
On Saturday morning, she put them on the table with the other goodies. By noon all the baked goods were sold. The chorus had raised nearly half of what they needed in one day!
She felt comforted when she saw her parents in the audience. The contest came down to May and another girl. May won the spelling bee when the other girl missed the word irony.
She could not see where it went. She looked everywhere and almost gave up. But then the family dog sniffed it out and the ball was found.
Walking out there was a 20 dollar bill lying in the parking lot. No one was around so Kim picked it up. Handing the bill to Jan, Kim said that lunch was on her.
I tried to have a walk with her. Unfortunately, we ended up getting stung by bees. She was happy that I at least tried.
After sharing her 100th story with Matt, he started to get annoyed. He warned her to never share another story with him again. She did anyway and he beat her up for ignoring him.
The note asked Cindy for a date. Cindy read it and wrote him a note back. Cindy's note said yes!
They debated what to do for vacation. They finally found the perfect compromise. Sixteen family members made the cruise with Susan and hubby.
Finally a coworker convinces her to drink iced coffee through a straw. Juanita begins drinking iced coffee every day at work. Now Juanita no longer feels tired when she is at work.
He blew the train whistle to get the driver's attention. The bus driver heard and began to move his bus. The driver wasn't fast enough and the last 1/3 of his bus was smashed.
She's not here to do that for me anymore, though. So instead I began to patch up my little bear. Today again I run the needle through and stitch.
His mom called the district office to get registration information. She gathered all the stuff to get him registered. Charles is all ready to start kindergarten now.
She put on one of the dresses to wear to school. Marie walked proudly into class wearing the donated dress. Another girl snickered and said that was her old dress.
He decided to mow his lawn himself. He quickly became tired. But after he finished, he felt proud of himself.
Mary changed her number and the problem stopped. She is very careful about whom she gives her number to. Ironically, she felt  more loved when she received all the calls.
Brian went to the store and bought some seedlings. Brian planted a pine tree in his front yard. Now Brian's yard is slightly more exciting.
Later, she developed hives. The doctor said it was an allergic reaction to Chinese food. She doesn't do Dim Sum much any more.
She went there last week only to find out that they closed down. She was told that a Mexican restaurant is opening up there next week. Jennifer will now have to force herself to like Mexican food.
He needed to find some way to get to his appointment. He noticed his bike in the garage. Then, he decided to ride the bike to the appointment.
She was happy when he agreed. Gina hung up the phone relieved. She was happy it had turned out well.
He arrives on time and is dismissed immediately. Puzzled by this, he calls his boss. Roberts company got bought out and he got fired.
He walked down to the water to toss them to the geese. But a big one started chasing him to get to it. He didn't feed the geese after that.
He helped her get her bags on the plane. They ended up talking. It turns out they hit it off and got married a year later.
She realized that she couldn't afford to buy a gift. She let one of the admins know. Luckily, they were able to help her out.
The dishes began to smell funky. She wore gloves and a face mask and threw out her dishes. She learned to be more mindful of her cleaning habits in the future.
The store didn't sell those type anymore. He went online. They were too expensive so he just got a different one.
The dog saw a squirrel and started to chase it. Mary lost sight of her dog and started looking frantically. She heard her dog barking in the distance and searching.
In an attempt to cheer up, she went for a walk in the park. While she was there, she met a jewelry designer named Kurt. They became friends, and he made her a ring just like her old one.
he also helped children get clean water. It was very difficult sometimes. But Neil felt he grew from his experiences in Gaza.
When drew looked inside, he saw luxurious items on the table. A butler appeared and asked if they wanted anything. Pam told him no and took Drew to her 2 acre backyard.
He prepares by working out. Emmerson has practiced and scouted the course. Emerson wins the tournament.
After six years his parents were stable, and he finally returned home. His cornfields had all lain fallow for over half a decade. But the rest had made them fertile, and that year his corn grew tall!
In addition, it turned her umbrella inside out. She flew into a puddle. Luckily her belongings didn't get soaked.
He rushed to the hospital and his friends were all there. They waited and prayed for their friend. Unfortunately, the friend ended up passing away that night.
He thought to himself to start looking at smaller jobs to make money. He got a job as a security guard at a store. After a year he realized he liked this job instead and stuck with it.
The only suit he could afford was secondhand. He bought the suit and gifted it to his dad. And his dad loved the suit just as much as if it were brand new!
They told him they had extras they needed to get rid of. He turned down their offer. He had heard of such scams online before.
Olivia decided she needed space. While she took time for herself she met someone. Olivia then broke up with Alex.
I decided to try to make my own. I am saving a lot of money making my own. I am thinking of starting a business selling my fruit snacks.
The man liked all the attention that it brought him. Even after he worked there for years he was still called New Guy. This confused every new employee that came after him.
He told his best friend, Charles, he liked Katrina. The next day Charles flirted with Katrina. Now Katrina wants a relationship with Charles and not Ronnie.
Gray decided to start one himself. He gathered his friends and established the team. Soon the baseball team was practicing every week!
From a corner of the yard she heard a noise. When she investigated the noise she found a wounded kitten. She saved the kitten that day and the two were always together.
She saved up until she could afford the eco-friendly car. Then she headed right to the dealership to buy it. Ana felt so good about her eco-friendliness!
Belle ate three slices of pizza and a large taco. And she decided to get more food. But as she approached the kitchen, people began to stare at her.
Until that winter Rashida's coldest memory was her in a hoodie. Rachida didn't even own a jacket when she moved. She quickly found out what a cold Winter was all about.
When we got to the big slide, I was terrified. I went down and landed in the pool! I survived the big slide, and was ready for more.
I finally saved up about five hundred dollars. I went to the local best buy store. I bought a very nice looking laptop.
He sat down to play poker. The first hand he had won $500. Bob bet it all on the next hand and lost everything.
He felt that his work was too intense to share with the world. He took his notes and went out behind his lab. He dug a deep hole and buried everything.
Jon did not end up liking his time at the school. Jon decided to more carefully pick a school to transfer to. Jon changed his favorite animal to his new mascot, the tiger.
She frowned, then had an idea. She flipped the eggs into a fluffy omelet. Her breakfast was perfect after all!
Many people and animals were displaced during the storm. As a result, Alex adopted a dog orphaned in the storm. Sometimes good things can happen even during tragic events.
I began to strike flint into some tinder. I got a small fire going and built it up. I warmed up and cooked some food.
But at her new school, everyone was very friendly. Her classmates were kind and inquisitive. After only one day, Beth had made dozens of friends!
He used a friend's computer to research the problem on the Internet. He was able to find a solution pretty easily and it worked perfectly. Robert was glad he hadn't spent his money unnecessarily.
Suddenly, the electricity went out. Laura could not see a thing. Finally she was able to find a flashlight and could see again.
The battery was depleted. Phil got angry and threw the phone. It broke and became completely dead.
He got on stage and took a deep breath at his piano ready to fail. All of a sudden a fire alarm went off. Everyone had to leave the auditorium and the recital was cancelled.
Their hands were put into plates of food. Dan knew the eyeballs were grapes and the brains spaghetti. Yet, he played along and gasped with the others.
Kim decided to look for a job to earn money. She looked on-line at many employers. Kim was hired to a job and saved enough money for her car.
Her cat walked by and gave her a funny look. The girl waved the ruler and tried a spell on the cat. The cat just purred and rubbed against her.
She felt like she was cheating on Jamie by liking josh. But each time she saw him she knew she liked him. She didn't really have to choose, since neither of them even knew.
For three weeks they spent breaks and lunches together. Suddenly, Anita started spending time with another guy at work. Charles was very hurt because that guy was like Charles' father.
One day, she got her other friend Katie to come to the shelter. Katie loved dogs and cats too and fit in great at the shelter. Katie took a dog home with her because she loved it so much!
One day it had a sign out front saying to come in. Joe took it as a sign and climbed inside. Once there he found it was filled with gold and he died a happy man.
He settled on a candy bar. He brought the candy to the clerk and tried to pay for it. Tim didn't end up getting it because it was too expensive.
It was a song that I liked and he was signing it very well. He had a guitar case out in front of him with money in it. I put a few dollars in his guitar case.
Joe was sad. It turns out his faucet was broken. He bought a new one and it was perfect.
She was just about to give up when she heard barking from nearby. She ran over towards the noise, and there she found Fido! Jane cried in joy as she hugged her dog.
Suddenly, someone stuck their hand in the window. It was some kid who thought he was funny. Shawn told him to go away.
I eventually got hit on the side by his car. My car drove into  the forest. It landed in the water.
Gina didn't want to go with, but without them she was bored. She called her uncle's house to find out when they would return. When she heard the music blaring she knew it was no time soon.
David started washing his blankets more often. David also used a new towel after showering more often. After a couple months, David's acne cleared up.
This has become a very helpful scenario for me. When my wife cooks I secretly feed the dog as much as I can. Then I compliment her on how great the meal was!
Suddenly, Sandy got a bite! She reeled the fish in and struggled to pull it out of the water. Finally, she was victorious, and held her prize proudly.
He decided to pretend like he was sick. Jimmy played the video game at home instead. He was really glad he was able to play the game on the release date.
He then realized he could ask his teacher for help. Dominick started making good grades with the help of his teacher. He realized school was good for his brain.
One day, he accidentally shot an endangered eagle. Hank didn't think anyone saw him do it. He took the bird home and ate it, with a side of potatoes.
As she is walking she steps on a starfish! It surprises her and she jumps in the air with a shriek. Jenna decides that the beach is no longer a relaxing place.
Her boss caught her, and Nicole got fired. Nicole realized there were better ways to deal with rude customers. She wouldn't make such a bad decision again.
Then they slathered it in BBQ sauce. They ate their hot tender meal outside. Ed's barbecue was a great success!
There was a class climbing the ropes. Gina wanted to join them. But she realized she had better get along to her destination.
As much as I wanted to be leader, I gave her the role. She ensured that everyone performed their role properly. In addition, she led us to getting a good grade.
He decided to go to the eye doctor and get contacts. He wore them to school, and everyone gaped. Now that his thick glasses were gone, no one picked on Nic!
The turkey was golden brown with crispy skin, Ryan's favorite part. His brother grabbed the crispiest piece of skin before Ryan got it. Ryan stole it off his brother's plate and ate it.
He decided to call it with his mother's phone. He heard the phone ring. Brandon found his phone inside the couch.
A car pulled up and the window rolled down. An elderly lady wanted to help Lucy. Lucy Felt hope for the first time in hours.
Then marchers came by, playing drums. Some of them even threw candy! Ann and her son really loved the parade.
He saw a small, white snake holding still. He picked her up and took her inside. He got her a terrarium and has kept her as a pet ever since.
She walked alone to the bathroom in the school. She held the tears back so others wouldn't see her cry. But she knew she would cry once she got to the bathroom.
She wished she was able to go to the island of misfit toys. But soon realized that the place was make-believe. Sasha's dreams were crushed and wishes there was a place for her.
Ken took a running start and jumped as far as he could. He only made it half way and created a terrific splash. He was soaking wet on his walk back home.
She invited him to go to the park together. She remembered something soon after. He had to go to work.
On the big day, Hannah did as many crunches as she could. Sadly, she could not set a new world record. Hannah has given up on her dream.
Today they held the elevator door for me. They also pushed my button for my floor. As I left I complimented their mom about the kids' helpfulness.
All of them would bring him so much chocolate. By noon he had eaten six bags of pink and white M&M's. And at noon he had six bags worth of pink and white throw up.
I threw it out this evening. I'm moving and I need to downsize. Now I'm regretting not trying to find someone to give it to.
He could feel right away that there was something wrong with the bike. The front rim had been badly bent. He had to walk the bike home.
The wine went everywhere. I tried getting out but it was stained. I felt terrible.
Her party celebrated her successes. She had too much to drink at her party. Luckily she learned her lesson and won't do it again.
Outside the kids were running around playing. It was worse there than in the house. She decided it would be best to hide out in her dad's car.
She found some sentimental ones. She found some cute ones. But she decided to get him a card about how much he farts.
They laced up the skates and got on to the ice. Arthur and his girlfriend both fell flat on their butts! With some practice, they decided they really enjoyed skating.
He stepped over junk in his father's yard and knocked on the door. The old man answered drunk and dirty. He went in and they talked for a long while.
By the time she got home, it was well past curfew! Her mom was waiting up for her. She grounded Amy for two weeks for missing curfew.
However, Brittany hardly ever responded to her. It made Tiffany sad until Brittany texted her, asking for money. Tiffany smiled as she deleted the text.
Mike decided to invest in a new mattress. He bought a sleep number mattress and loved it. He was waking up well rested and without any pain.
He flew into seattle and took a taxi to the hotel. But, the taxi got into a car accident. Bob ended up in the hospital instead.
Her dog got loose from his leash and ran away. Tara's dog chased the rabbit all over. Eventually Tara's dog got tired and came back to her.
When they got them they got great seats. The girls ended loving the movie. When it was over they wanted to see it again.
One day, the housekeeper noticed the closet was slightly ajar. She peeked into the normally locked closet and found it empty. From that day forth, she thought Jane was somewhat eccentric.
She took a break, but was sick when she started again. She realized the zucchini smell reminded her of the dentist office. She wasn't able to eat zucchini for a decade afterwards.
I now  have pictures of pretty birds, a blue lake and strange people. I placed the pictures in a video editing program to make a short film. You can see the final result of my idea in a filmclip on YouTube.
Amy was excited for the chance to move up from the stockroom. Amy paid attention and worked hard in cashier training. It pleased her to be complimented for being a fast learner.
Alissa went in for surgery and got her tonsils out. After surgery, she was off from work and could only eat ice cream. Alissa went back to work a week later feeling better.
Then she taught Ann to paddle and kick her legs properly. She let And practice in the shallow end at first. But soon Ann and Hana were swimming laps together!
So, I decided to get a part-time job. After a month, I secured a part-time job. Alas, it didn't pay the bills so I quit and got a full-time job.
But the boy wouldn't turn her way. She tried to remember why she was angry and keep her face screwed. But after 5 minutes she was tired of holding the mean face.
The one thing I hate about going there though is the traffic. The traffic is so long. When I get there though, the long wait is worth it.
She went flying through the air and landed on her face. She actually broke her front tooth. Joseph realized it was bad and immediately apologized.
He turned on his lights and siren. He gave me a ticket for speeding. Now I get up earlier when I have to go to work.
He would slip and try to catch himself on the ice. It took him 50 minutes to walk 50 feet. Ted never leaves home without his snow boots now.
Noel told the doctor he had trouble sleeping. The doctor gave Noel a card to by medical Marijuana so he could sleep. Noel legally bought marijuana in California and was stoked.
The traffic lasted three hours. Thankfully when it ended she was able to get to work. The bad thing was that her boss was unhappy.
They baked dozens of cupcakes for the party. When Brandy arrived, she was so happy. She knew her friends cared about her because they worked so hard.
His neighbor suggested that Larry use a certain fertilizer. Larry bought the fertilizer and applied it. Larry's grass grew lush and green like his neighbor's.
He went to the bathroom and he looked very bad. He decided to hide while people took their photos. When it was over, Ted went to class uncomfortably.
But the party called him at least three times a day. They called him in class and at work asking for commitments. Charles called them demagogues and said stop calling.
Jeremy decided to create a castle with a modern twist. A group of onlookers stood and watched. An impartial judge among them ruled that Jeremy won the contest.
One night he had a performance in a theater in Las Vegas. His personal waitress kept his champagne glass filled. Mario was drunk and sleepy and passed out during his performance.
He quickly made a quick snack. He put on his gym clothes. Chuck drove to the gym to workout.
He drove really fast to his friend's house. When he got there he realized he forgot his guitar pick at home. He borrowed his friend's pick and they jammed for hours.
One day, Tom filled his pocket with worthless slugs. He planned to give the handful of slugs to the first hobo that asked. But when the hand reached out, he shoved a handful of dollars into it.
For some reason, her mom actually said yes. She went and made Julie a really nice sandwich. Then, she let Julie eat it on the couch.
I offered my niece $5 to eat a black egg. She almost threw up but she ate it. I gave her $10 for her troubles.
Dan got out a bicycle pump and topped them off. His wife looked at him oddly for it. Dan shrugged and pointed out that it worked.
Until he came across a leather bound journal, full of strange symbols. Richard had a good friend who was a linguistics professor. He couldn't wait to take the journal for analysis.
She had surgery to reduce the size of her nose. No one liked her after the surgery. She found out that it wasn't her nose that people didn't like.
It turned out Jane was already at the mall and waiting for Tom. Tom and Jane met in the food court and began shopping. They had a great day together and planned to do it again soon.
Timmy ate his entire plate of broccoli. His mother surprised him with a new skateboard. Timmy rode his skateboard all around his neighborhood.
They met in Geology class. Charles boarded his new friend's boat and they went sailing. Charles gave his new friend the name Captain Jim.
Sometimes Pickles left rats in Barney's bed. This made Barney angry. Barney doesn't have a cat anymore.
I decided to stop using electricity. I bought candles instead. My next bill was very affordable!
He learned that bodybuilders train muscles. He learned that athletes train movements. He improved his functional movement and health due to his training.
In the morning, he slept through his alarm. He didn't wake up until two hours after his appointment. He had to call and reschedule.
I paddled out into the ocean. I Stood up on the board. I caught a wave.
He really wanted to play. However he decided to study. He ended up getting an A on the test.
He decided to get a frozen pizza instead. He thought it was a good idea. But then he realized he had to cook it.
It was eating apples right out of their tree! They weren't sure what to do. The horse grabbed another apple before trotting off.
She studied the notes carefully. The next time he was sick, she gave him her notes. They were glad to be able to help one another out.
She learned keyboard so that she could make music like them. Her mother told her that music was a lazy career. Jane knew it was hard work, but persevered with her idols in mind.
I went over to it and looked over the items. I saw an interesting wooden box with cards in it. The man gave it to me for free since I liked it so much.
She ordered a triple scoop strawberry ice cream cone. Strawberry were her favorite fruit so she was sure to like it. The Ice cream was the perfect treat to cool a hot summer day.
One month after boot camp, his lung function was tested. Dan had lung function suggestive of asthma. He was immediately dismissed from the academy.
In the meantime, he's been working at Starbucks. It's been tough for him. But hopefully soon he'll get an interview.
He knew missing kids ended up on the back of milk cartons. He didn't have a new photo for his parents to use. He knew his friends would see the embarrassing photo and he went home.
I was so stressed out I could barely sleep. Finally, I got online and discovered Mturk and started making money. I'm so relieved to be able to fix the heat pump!
Her sleeve snagged on something and wrecked her performance. Natalia's leotard didn't get in the way and allowed for easy movement. She left Abbie in the dust, teaching her to let go such irrationality.
They decided to visit the local zoo. Joe really enjoyed the elephant exhibit. He purchased a souvenir elephant decoration.
His favorite sweet was cookies. So she make him a cookie cake. Alex was so surprised and loved it.
Sue and her friends planned their vacation. They packed up their bags and drove to an airport. They hopped on an airplane and flew to an island getaway.
I put it up on eBay. It sold for $20. I have looking for turntables ever since.
Flecks of ash rained down all around like snow. In the distance, a deep crimson glow gave tell to an active volcano. The news ran stories on it for many weeks.
Sarah looked up several likely shelters and visited them. Sarah adopted a cat. Sarah is much less anxious now.
Mary stopped and sat down on a rock to rest. Mary looked at the ground and saw a rattlesnake. Tommy grabbed Mary's hand and got her away from the snake quickly.
I pulled three all nighters that week. I survived the exams. Then I slept for two days straight.
When he got there, the employee directed him to a field. Ted picked two buckets of apples. He paid and went home to bake a pie.
But on Christmas, he presented her with a huge box! She opened it, and found another box - and another and another. Inside the eighth box was the exact ring she had wanted!
We decided to take it down. It took a few hours of cutting and some planning. Eventually it fell over without hurting anybody.
The mom always won but this year was different. Little Susie used only the best chocolate and finest sugar. Susie won this year, to her mom's dismay.
Luckily his friend, Harry, gave him some money. Fred opened the shop as soon as he could. Many people were very excited.
One day his friend Alex came over and wanted to play. They played the game quietly to avoid being caught. They quickly pretended to be reading when Rob's mom came in the room
The cop demanded that Jim hand over all his watches and be arrested. Jim insisted his innocence and offered the cop a watch in good faith. The cop took Jim's nicest watch and let Jim go on his way.
Annie arrived just when a foal was being born. She was angry because her uncle wouldn't let her in the barn. Annie pushed past to see the foal lying dead in the hay.
His plan was to mail it to us exactly ten years from when we wrote it. I thought it was a very cool idea at the time. Alas, 23 year old me would find out that 13 year old me was an idiot.
They refused and he was miserably happy. Trevor tried to sing the blues about his happy life. The tune sounded okay but the soul just wasn't there.
One day, they decided to go fishing. They fished all day. They caught many fish, and had a great dinner that night.
While his dad was walking down a path, a car came by and hit him. David felt terrible. David took his dad to the hospital.
He then went over to the poker tables and lost thousands. Right before heading back home he went over and played the slots. On his first roll he hit the jackpot and won a million dollars!
When she saw them in concert she was stoked. She couldn't believe how fabulous they were. At the end she got to meet them.
A tornado had been spotted. Quickly she made her way to the basement. Just in time too.
That's when she found a huge trail of them along her wall. She sprayed all of the ants with ant spray. Then, she cleaned it up and hoped that they wouldn't come back.
But none of those cats were quite right for her! Finally Ella visited the local animal shelter. There, she found the perfect soft, loving little kitty!
She began practicing everyday. She hired a vocal coach. She realized her dream and became a professional singer.
When Christiane visits, Joe spends lots of money on taking her out. Last time, Joe did not have enough money to pay for his prescription. I lent Joe money until his next paycheck.
Her favorite thing was too cook, and it was a huge stress reliever. She decided to cook and sell plates for twenty dollars. She built her own successful cooking business for the locals.
He carefully explained why she was being let go. They shook hands. Sadly, Ramona cleaned out her desk and left the office for good.
She finally met a woman willing to teach her. After many months and a lot of practice Fran learned sewing. After 2 Year's Fran was able to see her own clothes.
Last night he prayed and asked God to make him stop. This morning he left and bought a cigar from Walmart. Outside it started to rain and the water ruined his cigar.
But she found she had none in her fridge or freezer. She ran down to the nearest store but they were closed. She ended up finding some at the nearest 7-11.
So, I bought a squirrel guard yesterday. It's a metal dome that protects the food. Today, the birds will finally get to eat uninterrupted.
In class, they were making jokes about homosexuals. In the hall, they also pointed at Maria and laughed. Maria tried to ignore their jokes and walked away.
In desperation, Ralph set up a Go Fund me Account. To his surprise, donations poured in from all over. Ralph was able to keep his family in their home.
But they did not copy each other. Their teacher failed both of them. And John and Sarah could do nothing about it.
Disregarding this problem he went ahead to schedule the trip. Once he opened his cabin he soon grew disappointed. The cabin was filled with rodents.
She mentioned having big news. When she arrived I congratulated her on her pregnancy. Unfortunately that wasn't her big news.
She started saving money for it whenever she could. Soon, she had enough to buy it! Now, Gabby has a nice new laptop to use.
She began dancing. People began looking at her. People looked at her like she was crazy.
He looked all over the living room and under the furniture. He gave up and went to the fridge for some milk. Jeremy found his remote where he left it, in the refrigerator!
They saw a ship coming closer. Cannon balls started shooting past them. Steve and Sandra ran terrified into the jungle.
Malek decided to pay the bill for her. He also told her that she didn't need to pay him back. Sally got excited and hugged malek.
She tried to surf on the wave. Briana fell and was sucked under the wave. She escaped but was scared of surfing again.
However, she couldn't find it after looking in the store again. The cashier told her that she didn't see where it went. Nancy was mad and walked away.
She went to the store and bought lots of food. Then she took it home and put it away. Anna's cupboards weren't bare any more!
I took out the lawnmower from the closest. Since the lawn needed to be cut down, I decided to cut the grass. At the end of the day, my mom gave me the money.
Chris suggested Karaoke. Jesse agreed with Chris' suggestion. They went to karaoke bar and had a great time.
They packed up their belongings and drove for days. After a long trip, they arrived to their hotel near the grand canyon. Kyle and his family walked to the canyon and took pictures.
The neighborhood store had everything I needed for the eclipse. I quickly assembled the devices to watch the eclipse with everyone. The eclipse started to occur and the whole family enjoyed the show.
The falls light up with all the colors of the rainbow. Last year the falls had very bright and vibrant lighting. The Jackson's can not wait to see what the colors will be this year.
But since he was a teen, he has heard about a guy who looked like him. Ron met that men in a music retail store and research his history. He and that man were second cousins!
When she awoke, she didn't recognize her location. She asked the driver where they were. The driver informed her they were in the Amazon, far from Natal.
I posted my treasures with Rebay dot com. The items still haven't sold. No more Etailer dreams for me.
Then, she left and waited. Finally, it was time to check on it. Unfortunately, she had burned the beef.
I learned they don't earn much interest. Bonds also take a long time to mature. I stopped buying bonds many years ago.
He cut down a tree. Next he cut up the tree. Last he nailed the together.
And her mom had migraines, so loud shrill birds were out. Then Nah thought of the perfect pet - a fish tank! She got four fish and loved watching them every day!
He was able to pay for the tuition of all his siblings. His siblings looked up to him as a role model. His siblings got Richard a brand new car as a token of appreciation.
Without it he would have nightmares. One day he was so sleepy that he forgot to turn it on. He realized he was now brave enough to sleep without it.
I mentioned the fact that she always had a positive attitude. In addition, we stayed up all night. Everyone left after 6 o'clock in the morning.
At the restaurant they held hands and laughed. At the end of the date they kissed. The date was a success.
It was supposed to be arriving soon. He waited for the mailman to arrive. He finally got the earbuds.
Gina was sitting near a window looking into the yard. She saw one of the men strike the other one. Before long the men were having a fist fight in the yard.
The polish dropped on the carpet. I immediately rushed clean it up. Unfortunately it would not come out.
On the next day, I started the assignment. When I finished, I tried to turn it in online. The notice says that the submission deadline was yesterday, not today.
But she found folders and pencils. She bought 5 different pencils and refused to sharpen them. She didn't want to ruin the design, so she didn't use the pencils.
Amy procrastinated till the last week. The first day she had very little done. Amy ended up staying up 2 days straight to finish on time.
My mom told me to stop chewing gum. My mom cut out a piece of my hair. My friends at school laughed at my weird hair.
Linda's knees hurt, so she sat down while the chicken cooked. Linda fell asleep soon after. The smoke alarm startled her from her nap.
The theater would allow the bickering from time to time. The last time the outburst got out of hand. Cedric is banned from all movie theaters.
The principal called her mother. He explained the situation in detail. The mother scolded the girl and then took her home for the day.
She looked all over for it. Then she saw her black Lab Izzy with some papers in her mouth. It was Jill's math homework.
Suddenly, she tripped on a cactus. A needle went into her ankle. Someone's parents had to help her get it out.
My brother flushed mine down the toilet. So I threw his down the drain. Dad was so upset.
Kim found stuff she liked, but wanted to look around more. When she found nothing else she went to look for the ones she chose. The store was so big it took her an hour the original set she chose.
Finally, she went and told her teacher. The teacher thanked Amy for her honesty. Then, he sent the cheating student to the principal's office.
Also, he had to walk through a part of town which was not the best. He saw somebody off in the distance, walking towards him. It was a little old woman so he felt some relief.
She took the test that morning. While she waited for the results, she was so anxious. Finally, the results were posted and saw that she had passed.
Her friends tell her she should get some gas before it runs out Stubborn Jen insist she was still good to go until the next town Halfway to the town she runs out of gas
At first he just whacked away with his sticks. But his teacher slowly taught him rhythm. After a while, Tim was drumming like a professional!
She tried not to ask about Ray. But as she heard his voice in background she couldn't help herself. Amy realized Ella was uncomfortable and changed the topic.
They had no spaghetti sauce, and Leslie hurried to the store. She got the sauce quickly, and had the meal ready just in time. Leslie and her husband had a lovely dinner together.
He started a water quality project. He saved many lives. He ended up being voted Man of the Year.
He wanted to ask her out, but he was nervous. Then one day she asked him to stay a little after class. She pulled him aside and shyly asked him for a date!
From his door to his friends house was slick ice. He carefully and slowly walked with each step cautious. Tom made it to his friends house safely.
Kelly was shocked at one of the pieces that was $75,000. She could not believe her eyes. To her dismay, the woman next to her purchased them.
His boss fired him recently for not enough sales per hour. The last place Charles thought he'd find a job was through Craigslist. But he applied for a public relations position and is back employed.
Tim took him seriously. he told his teacher about it. The teacher intervened and got Tim's classmate in trouble.
I looked online for some recipes that used tofu. Anytime I cooked I replaced the meat with tofu. The next time I saw my doctor he said my tests look healthier.
The call went to voicemail. The caller asked where everyone was. He hung up and waited for a call back.
When she answered the door she saw her friend. They were holding a casserole dish. Kathy thanked her friend for bringing her food.
She decided to google the show to find out more. The top link on google was a video on Youtube. Amy was back on Youtube watching the old show.
The cold and wet blasted through them and made him shiver violently. He spotted where he had left the shovel. Jon scooped it up and raced back inside where it was warm and dry.
She would definitely make it! Right as the rain got bad she pulled into the school parking lot. The kids were very proud of there mom for saving them!
She finally finds a pair that she can afford. She loves wearing her sunglasses when she goes driving. Now her eyes feel fine, even after very long drives.
Nevertheless, Bob decided to fight the disease. Amazingly, Bob surpassed two months. In fact, Bob defeated the cancer and lived a healthy life.
One day, one of Sammie's friends came over to play. Everything went as usual until his friend kicked it high into the air! The ball flew far over the wall, leaving Sammie sadly with no ball.
I quickly got ready and went to the office. My boss was angry and refused to give me a promotion. I realized I needed to be better about being on time to work.
Little did I know that the potato was old. I drank the soup and ingested ricin from the potato. I was sent to the emergency room but I lived to tell the tale.
A terrible pretzel shortage happened at his local market. Philip couldn't get any pretzels for weeks. He determined it was the worst Christmas ever.
He learned that eating some raw vegetables is good. He went shopping at the grocery store and bought raw vegetables. John felt his health improve soon after eating the vegetables.
She purchased many different types of probiotics and none worked. Kim spent over $200 in 6 months trying probiotics. She finally gave up and started drinking Kefir.
After a while he was not happy with his progress. He then switched over to a much larger shovel. Now Steve was digging much faster.
Kevin's wife drove him to the ER when he began crying in pain. At the ER, the doctor suspected Kevin had appendicitis. Kevin was rushed into surgery where his inflamed appendix was removed.
He retraced his steps, but could not find it. He told the store manager he had lost his dollar. The store manager gave him some lunch for free.
His mom needed to clean him up. She put a spray on it, that hurt really bad. Jamie cried for a second but then he got a band-aid and felt better.
Ray hoped he would make the council! After the votes were cast, he checked the scores. He had made it onto the student council committee!
Val went to her mom and made herself out as the victim. Val's mom was extremely upset. Val was pleased when her mother decided to visit the principal.
She researched her hair type and what was best for it's growth. June completely changed how she took care of her hair for one year. At the end of the year she had reached her goal of long hair.
The littlest one would try to play games with his parents while eating He eventually decided to sit down and eat with them. They were all happy and excited to eat together for once.
Finally, the last dog in the whole shelter came up to them and barked. They smiled at him and realized he was the right dog for them. They took him home and he lived there happily with them.
She had started to venture out of her comfort zone with her plants. She decided to start growing fruit trees. The first blooms of the trees showed up that spring.
She was heartbroken! Then a kind neighbor returned her ring! He had seen it lying on the walkway outside.
He also announced everyone's names as they received their diplomas. I grabbed my diploma and a picture was taken with the president. I came down in an excited manner.
She asked her roommate if it belonged to her. Her roommate said she borrowed it from a friend. Suzy was tempted to take the coat because it was, indeed, cute.
Oswald loved oranges. His favorite part was seeing how happy his oranges made people. At the end of the day he would count smiles not money.
There was an accident on the road that slowed down traffic. This made me even more late to work. When I finally made it to work, no one was there and I was relieved.
But one stormy night, the electricity went out. While the power was out, looters broke into her house. Jen was forever after unable to be in the dark.
There were three orange tigers and a white one. Two were sleeping but the other two were active. They were playing with huge tractor tires.
The kids were impatient to go to the zoo. After the game, John drove his kids to the zoo. The kids thought the zoo was not so great at the end of the day.
He disliked useless things and he viewed trash as useless. One day he saw some birds pecking at his trash. He still loved garbage day but realized trash wasn't totally useless.
Jim drank some coffee. Jim wasn't used to so much caffeine. He felt worse than before.
They decided to bike instead. They enjoyed it a lot better. It's easier and still burns calories.
But when he wore his headphones, no one paid much attention. Ray felt that the headphones were a waste of money. And he rarely used them afterwards.
I have some subway car and bus photos as well. I was able to get some framed photos. My favorite photo is of a woman boarding a trolley at night.
She had a bucket of grain to feed to the goats and baby sheep. One of them tried to get the whole bucket from her! They were not very polite but she guessed they were just hungry.
There were three eggs still in it. I put the nest back on tree securely. I continued my walk back inside.
When the food arrived the portions looked like a kids meal. Kim ate her food and enjoyed it very much. She was hungry again less than 2 hours later.
But Amy just walked to her room while stuffing her face. Her mother stood at the door, watching her with anger in her eyes. Amy simply ignored her and finished her cake.
One day she meets a terrific man who marries her. A year later she is pregnant with her first baby. Lauren feels elated that she will be a mother.
By the time I came into the front, there was virtually nothing to eat. I simply picked up a carton of milk since the remaining food was stale My stomach growled for the rest of the day.
When she walked on the red carpet, she chatted with many. However before her eyes, a woman came and threw flour on her. Kim was shocked and ran off the carpet to get cleaned.
She took a sip and felt her mouth on fire! She burned her tongue. She had to drink cold water to treat the pain.
It was a man who was yelling and seemed drunk. Jasmine felt really uncomfortable and decided to get away. She crossed the street and the guy gave her no issues.
To her surprise the boy had outgrown the new shoes in 3 months. Amy purchased new shoes a half size larger than needed. She was happy when he was able to wear them for 8 months.
He prepared for his interview by practicing with his friend. All of his practice made him feel more prepared. He went to the interview and got the job.
She gathered up all the ingredients. Karen ate the sandwich. Karen was very satisfied and full.
She asked the teacher for help. The teacher gave her help. Kasey tried her best and made a B.
The next morning, his face started to hurt. He went to the mirror to see if there are any bruises. He ended up with a pimple.
He knew he had similar interests as the person. They got along well and became friends. The man befriended his idol.
They arrived but were unable to find a fire. They fixed the fire alarm and told Sally the house was safe. Sally went inside and tried to go back to bed.
He asked all of his friends to look for his phone. A boy found it on his way to school and turned it into the school. Matthew was relieved to pick up his phone the next day.
It had been many years since she last swam! But she jumped in the pool and found something relieving. Swimming, like bike riding, was something you never forgot!
The vet said the puppy had a cold. He gave the puppy some medicine. The puppy recovered quickly.
One day, he decided to find a way to cure his depression. He realize that working with kids made him happy. He became a preschool teacher and cured his depression.
She twisted her ankle badly. She hopped on her friend's back. He carried her back to get medical treatment.
As she dug through the racks, she noticed a cool coat. She checked the tag and saw that it was a great price. Margaret bought the jacket and wore it immediately.
I could barely remember anything the test was asking me about. I did my best, but I was sure I failed. When I got the test back, I realized I hadn't done as bad as I feared.
Every month she slipped it into a smaller hole. Soon she was wearing her belt as tight as possible! Nala was proud of her weight loss.
Hailie picked some Macintosh first. Then she decided to pick some Gala apples. She filled her bag all the way up to the top.
he knocked, but nobody else was home. Then he remembered where his mom hid the spare key. It was under the rock on the porch!
They look everywhere but nobody knows where he is. They finally find him at his favorite bar. They drag the drunk singer back to the plane.
Gina had been going around the street for a long time. But now that a car had driven on it she wondered if it were open. Gina wanted to check, but didn't want to take time to turn around.
Maria felt torn because she wanted the sweater for herself. Then she pictured her friend's face when opening the gift. Maria knew what she would do as she bought the sweater.
Halloween passed and all the candy was on sale. Donna bought enough candy to last for months. Her coworkers were so excited for all the new treats!
The dentist asked when the last time I flossed was. I honestly couldn't remember but I know I don't floss often. The dentist told me I have gum disease and need to start flossing.
They came up with a strategy and a formula They campaigned and gained much support Donald ended up winning the presidential election
She began to feel waves of nausea and dizziness. She asked her father to pull over and she threw up outside the car. After throwing up, she felt better and they continued driving.
One girl suggested that they turn the light off, so they did. Suddenly, all of the kids quickly left the closet with Maya inside. Maya was so scared she began to cry.
He aligned the part with the appropriate slot and locked it in. Then he plugged the custom graphics card fans into his power supply. Now, the graphics card was installed and ready to go.
Luckily, it landed safely on the ground. The mommy bird came back to feed the baby, but couldn't find it! The mommy checked the ground and brought the baby bird back home.
He also rang people up in the register. He got free ice cream every day for lunch. Neil really loved his job!
I had a fence to climb over so threw my book which landed binding up. I climbed over and landed wrong on the binding spraining my ankle. The book happened to be a Bible for children.
We didn't realize when we were gone that the water main had broken. We came back to pack our stuff and my husband had to use the bathroom. It was not a fun way to find out the water had been shut off.
Since the water had no heat, I was freezing while showering. I came out shivering and quickly grabbed a towel. I eventually caught a cold throughout the day.
Kate took her idea to a leading computer company. The company loved the micro chip design. Kate successfully sold her design to the company.
Jimmy studied hard and took practice tests everyday. Jimmy got a perfect score on his test. Jimmy's father was so proud of him.
In the middle of the drive, an argument began. Carly yelled at her mom and got out of the car. Her mom had to apologize and talk to her before they could go.
She called the babysitter's mom and demanded they pay for the pearls. The babysitter's mother burst into tears. Later that night, Arlene found the necklace in her bathroom.
Amy had to learn how to make keys. The process was simple enough as long as you chose the right key. Her first key Amy used the wrong blank, and had to start over.
She decided to have a party to celebrate. She got all her friends together at her restaurant. The night was a blast.
We scroll through netflix for a long time. Neither of us wants to pick something the other doesn't like. Maybe that's what love is.
This day is not starting off good, he thought. Then it began to rainy. When it rains, it pours, he thought to himself.
Surprisingly, her ex-boyfriend showed up. She tried to make him mad by saying that we're together. She simply wanted to see me because she wanted to make him jealous.
We all dressed up in our best disco clothes and headed out. It was a lot of fun with funny dancing and outfits. We're planning on going again next week.
His longterm girlfriend told him they were done for good. Wade more confused than ever asked her why. She said he didn't post her as his woman crush Wednesday on Instagram.
He posted some photos on Facebook. My wife said she would like to go there sometime. We made plans to go in the spring.
Shane agreed to attend but agonized over the roller coaster rides. In order to impress his crush, Shane rode the tallest roller coaster. Since that day, Shane has loved riding roller coasters!
In addition, he pointed out what each student did wrong on the test. He told the class that my mistakes were beyond unacceptable. Throughout the rest of the day, I felt completely embarrassed.
The physical went well, and Bob was healthy. The doctor then asked if he had a flu shot recently, Zach said no. Then he pulled out a huge needle, and gave Zach a shot!
I did not start working on it until two days before it was due. My laptop's hard drive decided to die while I was finishing it. Luckily my best friend was able to recover my work and I made an A!
I was ashamed and read the game box three times. I watched YouTube videos but that did not help. Now I know because I just asked my son to show me how to play.
I tried to straighten it out however, it continued to move. The right side of the car collided with another car. I had to park in the grass in order to see the damages.
That year his father got very sick and passed away. Manuel was very sad and had a hard time with it. He went to live with his sister until he turned 18.
She spread the peanut butter and jelly evenly on her bread. Then she put both of the pieces together. When she finished making it, Jan sat down and at her sandwich.
Teo was lying half way out of his corral! Sarah watched as Two inched along on the sand. Minutes later and Two was out, shaking off the dust out of his mane!
She was relieved to hear their parents' car returning. Jill accepted a ride home and waited for her pay-off. Instead, the dad just dropped her off with a wave.
No matter what he did, he couldn't get the number to be unblocked. He eventually had to call the company to remedy the situation. He was embarrassed, having to tell his neighbor why she couldn't call.
The game tonight came down to the last shot. Jim missed the shot. His team was very disappointed in him.
They finally decided on a nice vinyl that they thought would go well. They paid for it in full and waited for the installation. Once the installation was done they were impressed with how it looked!
Renee looked at the humble house with hodgepodge furnishings. The grandparents hugged their child and thanked Renee for coming. They apologized for wasting her time because they had all they needed.
Jensen eventually gave up looking. Two weeks later he found it under his bed. Jensen was happy he finally found it.
Curious, Ed agreed. When he met the man he gaped in shock. They two men were twins, separated at birth!
Her friend suggested that she enter it into a contest. Gabrielle decided to give it a try. She ended up winning the contest!
The caller stated he was selling health insurance. I told him I had health insurance. I told the caller to not call my phone number again.
She called her boss, and explained the situation. Rainey finally found a ride to work. Rainey's boss told her she was fired for being late.
I managed to get through the week without killing him or me. I went to a bar to celebrate my relative success. That's when I found out my husband had overdrawn your account.
She waited with her coworkers in the dark all morning. Everybody went home at 1 pm, as the power was still out. She got home and we had coffee.
She was devastated and scared to pieces. Her mom helped her through her pregnancy, and eased her fears. She had a healthy baby, and her mom helped raise it.
He worked very hard. He finally graduated. He got a job as the police department.
Triumphant, he got up to go tell his parents so they could see. As he stood, his footsteps shook the table, collapsing the cards. He told his family what he'd achieved, but no one would believe him.
Thankfully I got home just in time to see it. I ended up loving the episode. I couldn't wait for the new one the following week.
They ran to see what it was. It was a huge flat rock. Now that is their play rock.
Martha's bread came out delicious. It was so good her husband began bragging about it to his friends. Martha soon had many people who wanted to pay her to make them bread.
Matt studied very hard to get better grades than Elly. During their next test Matt knew all the answers. He got a higher score than Elly and was very proud.
We went to the barber across town. He sat down in the barber chair and the cutting began. Once the haircut was finished, he looked very handsome.
James worked all the overtime hours he could but it wasn't enough. He collected all of his old DVD's and games and pawned them. James collected enough money for the gifts he needed to purchase.
Every time the garbage filled up, Randall squealed with delight. One day was taking out the garbage and a huge spider crawled out. Randall has never taken out the garbage since.
Even in high school, where thin meant good, she was often teased. But after high school Kim got an offer that made up for all that. A scout offered her a huge salary - to work as a fashion model!
Getting the foil to stick required a lot of duct tape. In the end James had a very shiny suit to play in. When he was done playing, it took a long time to get all the tape off.
One day she discovered that the yoga studio she attended was closing. She was sad as this was the only yoga studio in her small town. She enjoyed yoga so much that she decided to open her own studio.
But my dad started a fire and he made me some s'mores. I ended up having a really good time. I can really count on my dad to have a good time.
The first thing she draws is a beautiful orchid. Priscilla is proud of how her drawing comes out. She is satisfied that she found a way to be more artistic.
He end up falling to sleep in his tent and was feeling very hot. Suddenly, he realized that the left side of his tent was on fire! He used his water canteen and defused the fire immediately.
She always wanted a daughter. They got pregnant again. Joyce and her husband had twin girls!
It bothered Celia to see this misinformation being published. She sent an email offering the corrected information, including proof. The website's owner thanked her, making Celia feel appreciated.
She started taking lessons enthusiastically. Two years later she held her own piano recital. As the crowd applauded, Melissa felt very proud of herself.
His teacher said he needed glasses. His mother bought him glasses. After that he never had vision trouble again.
She wondered if she should stay in. She decided to go. The rain stopped by the time she arrived.
One day a tourist was chased by the alligator. The police got involved and caught it. It turned out to be a man that made alligator souvenirs.
The couple decided to have a child. Once the child was born they named it. The name was Ariel,  after the mermaid.
The vet said his dog had a sore leg. He told Jim to let his dog rest for a few days. Jim's dog felt better and was walking normally the next day.
My mom told me that I needed suntan lotion. She said the Florida sun is strong but I did not take her advice. That night my skin turned painfully bright red.
Bert and his partner decided to go to a nice steakhouse. It was alright, but Bert felt that it was overpriced. Bert resolved to get better value for money in the future.
It was fun being team captain for her. She was happy because it looked good on her resume. Julia was captain for three years.
The other offered a better discount. Amy liked both of the store and would loved to work at either. After weighing her options she went with the job that paid more.
But Gina didn't like his eyes. There was something cold and evil about them. Gina never felt comfortable when he was around.
When she entered she saw him standing by the stairs. She stared at him, hoping to make eye contact. But instead of catching his eye, he looked right past her.
Mandy was confident that she could make a delicious cake. She found a German chocolate cake recipe and went to work. Mandy's cake was so good that is was gone by the end of the day.
When she got her report card, she had four As and one B plus. She was so disappointed she wouldn't be getting her bike. Her mom was still proud of her grades, so she got it anyway.
The next day, Janet ran into Harry. He was walking with his ex-girlfriend. Janet immediately started to feel jealous.
The doctor decides that Becky needs prescription pills. Becky gets her prescription pills. She now has control over her headaches.
While in her first year, she began to make new friends. Jacky came home for the holidays with a new perspective. Jacky appreciates more since being away at school.
He trained his mouse and keyboard movements with precision. He eventually became the top ranked player in his country. Timmy would go on to win many competitions through the world.
Later she awoke and needed to use the restroom. Her dad was upset because she didn't go when the stopped for gas. They sat in angry silence for an hour after the second stop.
Yesterday was different however. It was Christmas time and he spent a lot on family gifts. It was the first time in two years he went over his budget.
She finally went and got tested for everything. Sadly, the doctor told her she had HIV. She was so devastated, that she went into a depression.
She bought all the right ingredients. She cooked everything just right. Somehow the pasta tasted awful!
He was prescribed glasses. And he was amazed at how clearly they made everything look. Tim's drawings were so much better because of his new glasses.
She went over and greeted them hello. A girl Cindy was very nice. The two became fast friends.
He went to a toy store and bought a bunch of gifts. He dropped them into a Toys For Tots box. Lee felt like he had made a difference with his generosity.
The instructions didn't make much sense. So they made up their own rules for the game. They played with the set for hours.
Finally she relented and wore her glasses to school. And to her surprise, no one mocked her. Instead, she received dozens of compliments!
He took Gary down for a tour one day. There were thousands of cans and MREs on the shelves. Gary kindly complimented his dad on his work.
Chris spoke to the artist. Chris and the artist got along very well. Chris and the artist became best friends.
Today, Stanley starts dozing off as his boss walks by. His boss tells him that he must never fall asleep at work again. Stanley starts bringing coffee to work to stay awake.
Finally he found a fashionable and warm jacket. He bought it. Now Andrew stays warm in style in his terrific new jacket.
At the store, their mom bought a bunch of balloons. They blew up all the balloons in one room of their house. They played among the balloons and had a great time!
She asked me some personal questions and looked at me strangely. It was getting very awkward and eventually I just ignored her. I just walked off to the bus stop all scared and nervous.
Finally she made the jump and opened her own makeup shop. Now she does makeup for weddings and events. Erin is so happy that she is a professional makeup artist.
All of a sudden she heard loud splashing. There was an alligator in the water. She ran from it in a zigzag pattern like her grandpa had taught her.
Suzie started to cry when she couldn't get it to fit now. Her mother got out her sewing machine and made changes to it. Suzie hugged her mom and went out trick-or-treating in her costume.
Our cat, Buttercup, had got into the dryer and gone through the cycle! I took the cat to the vet and they told me that she might not make it. But luckily, Buttercup beat the odds and we renamed her 'Dryer Kitty'.
Her bosses are now mean to her. She is ready to quit. She is now searching for a new job.
He looked up quotes online from different insurance companies. He eventually decided on switching to Geico. Marty saved fifteen percent on his insurance by making the switch.
I could not find the new book on the shelves. Then the librarian found that the book had just been returned. I was happy that I was able to get the book I wanted!
The outlet still did not work so I called a professional. The outlet cost me forty dollars to have fixed correctly. I was glad I called in a professional so I did not get hurt.
A few weeks later, he was notified that he had passed. He flew out to Los Angeles. The game went well for him.
Last night she went to the Prince concert and took a selfie. She posted her selfie on Facebook. It received about two hundred and fifty likes.
They went to live in Jen's one bedroom apartment in the city. There were a lot of tears and misunderstanding. Ultimately, Jen felt she did her best for her niece.
Then she remembered that she had given her mom an extra key. She had known she was prone to losing things. Kia's foresight saved the day!
A month later, I got an ultrasound. They told me the baby had no heartbeat and that he died. I was devastated and got D&C surgery the next day.
I became worried and went to the dryer. Sure enough, my husband had washed his wallet with his pants. Now, he always double checks all the pockets.
Amy made it but Beth gave up halfway to the top. Her lungs burned and her chest hurt. After a break she decided to walk the hill instead of running.
It was none of their business! She didn't have to answer how she felt about the ordeal. Amy wished, in fact, that she could just forget about it altogether.
He ran into the street. A car almost hit him! From then on, Ben walked Pepper on a leash!
It was getting to be almost an hour and no cab arrived. Larry called to ask what was up. It turned out that there was a mix up.
It was wagging its tail and sitting by itself. I went over to pick it up. It seemed very happy and lonely, so I adopted it.
He started smoking weed. He dropped out of college. He had to get a job in the trades.
She could not take her eyes off the scary creature. Luckily her older brother heard her scream and he killed it. Carrie felt a sigh of relief and was thankful it was dead.
We boarded the plane and I took my seat. The engine started roaring and all of a sudden we took flight! The experience was very scary, but at the same time, it was so fun!
She waited 10 minutes at the service desk. The cashier took her coupons and gave her $4 in return. She decided she would always get her refund if she forgot her coupons.
They talked to friends and family about the idea of the cabin. Then they asked other cabin owners if they were happy. The owners confirmed and Tim bought a cabin.
Soon, everyone began carrying the same one. Sarah felt complimented that they copied her. She was very proud of her fashion sense.
She brought in a wok and Chinese vegetables. Then she made up a big tasty stir fry. Shay's class loved her Chinese cooking!
To my dismay, the stain wouldn't come out. I tried so hard to get it out but it was stubborn. Finally I got it out with bleach.
Suddenly, her pants ripped open. She was so embarrassed and she ran from the class. Her sister came out after her and they never went back.
He wrote a list of every tea on it. Each time at break he drank a tea and crossed it off the list. Once the list was all crossed off he started again.
She apologized for her selfishness. But it didn't matter. Gina was given 4 days of lunch detention for her actions.
However, Jen fell during practice and sprained her ankle. Jen was sad that she couldn't play for her team. However, she was happy that she could still encourage her friends.
He started off running but he tripped. His whole body was rolling. When he landed, he was dizzy.
IHOP said short stack pancakes cost only $1 if we had green. My wife and I both had green shirts on. Dinner was fun that night.
Cora began to search the internet for cruise discounts. She found a great deal for a Caribbean cruise. Three weeks later Cora was finally enjoying the ocean breeze!
He wanted to make his deposit an even 500 dollars. He took out his calculator to see how much extra to add. The man deposited 13 dollars and 47 cents.
She was so happy! But then she binged to celebrate. She ended up gaining it all back.
It was dusk before they realized it was time to go home. They were farther than they thought they had ridden. Amy's wasn't able to ride for a week as punishment for being late.
He was the all time scoring leader for his school. He got a full ride to play basketball at Duke. Todd eventually was good enough to play in the NBA.
She gave the list to her mom. Her mom tried her best to get what she wanted. On Christmas morning, Emma's robe was under the tree.
It was not a flattering photo. Bob's boss saw the photo and loved it. Bob's boss heaped praise on him.
Matt now owes $5000 but he won't sue his mom Luckily, he had enough money to pay it back Everything ended up okay
When it came down to the party, Tina was mad. Tina did not respond well to not being invited. She ended up not talking to Lucy again.
She looked down and her bikini top was gone. Her friend Lila saw it floating out to shore. She swam to it and gave it back to Jill before anyone else noticed.
Jeff hurried to collect all of the trash in his house. He quickly rolled the garbage bin to the curb. Jeff was just in time for his garbage to be collected.
Cara was worried about missing the test, so she talked to her teacher. Her teacher said it was okay and these were extenuating circumstances. Cara was allowed to take the test at a later date, and she passed.
Unfortunately yesterday she spilled dye on it. Thankfully she was able to get it out. Kelly vowed to never ruin it again.
He visited a small farm. He asked if he could ride one of the horses. The farmer gave him permission.
A company saw the story about the app in Business Insider. They offered Chad 6 times revenue to buy the app. Chad sold it to them and became even wealthier.
By the 5th floor Amy was panting. Since it was only 6 floors she thought it would be easy. When Amy arrived at her desk she was panting and sweating.
Ray looked for the right bike for months. Finally he found one that was what he was looking for. Now Ray loves his daily commute to work.
Nick was very lonely. One day, Nick met Bill at baseball practice. Nick and Bill became very good friends.
He went to the shelter and adopted one. He gave it to her for her birthday. She absolutely loved the puppy.
An hour later, he smelled something burning. And he rushed to his oven. His pizza was black and crispy.
The approaching storm however forced them on their way home. Both of them ran to avoid the storm. They made it back just before the rainy started falling.
Her dentist tells her that she needs to get braces. At first Laura isn't happy because she doesn't like how braces look. However, when the pain goes away, she is glad for the braces.
When classes were over and summer came, it was finally time. The family loaded up their car to drive to the beach. It ended up being the best vacation they took all year.
He ate only the right foods. Then his friends asked him out for pizza. Tim blew his diet.
They would get ripped or wadded up, and often completely ruined. Isabel finally got desperate and went to a craft store. Her brother wouldn't be able to rip a poster super glued to the wall!
The girls drove from Texas across the country to California. They made lots of memorable stops along the way in each state. Both girls hope this is something they will continue in the future.
After a few semesters he dropped out. He found out it was boring and uninspiring. Now he doesn't do anything.
Finally, met a girl name katie. They have begin together over five years now. They were highschool sweethearts and are now married with kids.
She saw that there was no mustard left! Sadly, Ivy ate her sandwich plain. It wasn't very good without mustard!
The next morning, the laxative worked. Rod felt much better afterwards. He was glad he had taken care of his problem.
After days of neglect the sink overflowed with water. The water soaked the floor and ruined the wood. The owner had to replace everything when he noticed.
Becky couldn't concentrate on what she was working on. She decided to take her laptop to her bedroom. She was finally able to concentrate on her laptop.
I started talking to her a lot. I saw her almost everyday. Now she is my girlfriend and we are happy.
The downstairs neighbor loves to play loud music. Jared couldn't focus on his studies. He decided to move to another apartment complex.
He suddenly realized he used hair gel instead of toothpaste. Jimmy quickly spit out the gel in his mouth. Afterwards he rinsed out his mouth with water.
Someone tipped over a roman candle. The firework burst out into the bushes. A huge fire was lit and the boys all ran away.
He knew I liked him but he used me and dated other girls instead. Year's went by and I got prettier and more confident. I ran into Thomas Year's later and didn't even glance his way.
Molly had never gone skiing before but she was able to learn. Unfortunately, she made a mistake and crashed. She ended up having to rest for the remainder of the trip.
I was fired. I cleaned out my desk. Security escorted me out of the building.
The senior prank was coming up at school so he got an idea. Joe took all twenty babies and let them loose in the school. The school had to close for the day.
Jenny pleaded with her parents to skip the concert. When her parents refused, Jenny wailed for hours. At the concert, Jenny was too hoarse to sing.
They lavished her with endless praise and no constructive criticism. When Lisa applied to a conservatory, she was roundly rejected. Devastated, Lisa was furious that her parents had coddled her.
He started to eat it. A flock of birds were moving towards him. He started to run away from them.
He messaged him and told him that he was interested in going. Gerald waited excitedly for the weekend. He went to his friend's concert and had a great time.
The linesmen waved the flag and he was off like a shot. The sensation of speed was exhilarating, he was flying. Fred screamed across the finish line in first place.
Once they arrived, she immediately rushed to Guest Services. She proudly walked back to her family wearing an I'm Expecting pin. Everyone cheered in surprise over their great start to their vacation.
I called and ordered a few pizzas. Thirty minutes later, I had three different pizzas. I sat down and watched the game and ate.
They were all locked out. The little kids were scared. Gina managed to keep them calm as she thought of a plan.
Unfortunately it had rained recently. Kim accidentally stepped into a muddy puddle. It ruined her new shoes.
When he came inside, he began itching. Joe looked down and saw he had gotten in poison ivy. Joe had to go to the ER for an allergic reaction.
While they were swimming, the boys saw a big snake in the water. I tried to scare it away by throwing a rock, but it didn't work. We left the creek because we were afraid.
It had signs of infestation from an invasive beetle in the area. We had to cut the beautiful red maple down. We were sad, but happy to be helping the environment.
One morning Mary woke up and got a great surprise. Mary's mom had found the perfect pet for a small home. She had bought Mary a goldfish in a glass bowl!
After drinking the espresso, Quentin felt very hyper and wound up. He did not enjoy the feeling. Quentin decided never to try espresso again.
I've always had ideas for start up businesses. I've just never had time to pursue any of them until now. I've started two fresh business of my own and I'm doing just fine.
But Bob says he can't whistle. Bob's friend starts to teach him. Just when they think it's a lost cause Bob whistles his first note.
He went out of his way to put himself out there and meet new people. He attended local in person meetups for his hobbies. He met many like minded people and made new friends.
They had fun helping me assemble the pizza and put it in the oven. We all ate together while watching Jeopardy. After dinner they told me pizza night is their favorite.
Her father had 3 children. She didn't live in the same state as them, so she rarely saw them. Of the 3, her favorite was her older sister Kim.
She found about three that she really liked. At the end of the trip she decided to apply. She ended up getting into her top choice.
I fell asleep while writing the essay. I woke up and quickly finished the paper. I brought the essay into class last minute and passed.
He had salmon. But he wasn't sure if it was safe to eat raw. Carlos worried as he ate his pieces of salmon sushi.
He was expecting them to give him the old family car. On his birthday, he saw that it was a brand new, nice car. He was so surprised and excited.
The name stuck with them at school the following week. The kids all went around calling them Rock Band Riot. They were getting popular all because of a video game.
Stan had two servings of beans. Stan's digestive system doesn't take well to beans. Stan's terrible gas forced his tent mates to make him sleep outside.
His coach told him he needed to work on his shot. Jeff joined a gym and spent all winter perfecting his basketball shot. The next summer Jeff tried out again and made the team.
The store was so crowded I was worried there'd be no deals left. Eventually I stumbled across a TV that was heavily discounted. I ended up buying the TV for my parents.
When the technician arrived, she told him where to put the box. The man installed it and showed her how to use the remote. Once he left, she explored her new tv.
She asked her mother again. Her mother yelled at her for asking. She was tired of being asked when they were leaving.
Steve really likes his current job and doesn't know what to do. He decides to flip a coin to make his decision. The coin lands on tails.
Finally it was her turn to be served. The girl at the desk didn't know how to make keys. Gina had to wait another 5 minutes for a manager to come help her.
Morgan started an initiative to beautify the city. The governor gives Morgan the award. Morgan is very happy her hard work is being recognized.
One night they couldn't resist and finally hooked up. George felt dreadful and told his fiance about the incident. The bride broke the engagement and ended their relationship.
He started going to local tournaments. Eventually he entered a national tournament. Jon won the national tournament!
Sam spun his chair around for fun. He got very dizzy after all of this spinning. When he stood up to go home, Sam lost his balance and fell.
Although his apartment is small, everyone feels very comfortable. His friends tell Quentin that he is a terrific host. Quentin feels blessed to have such great friends.
So she decided to get it painted hot pink. Her car gave her lots of attention. So she was happy about her decision.
Sean asked for forgiveness but his mother was angry. She grounded Sean for one month. Sean learned he should be more careful in the house.
This causes a big scene. Everyone jumped in and defended the friend. He lost some friends from that status.
This time, he could not deny that he needed help. He asked his friend for advice about the problem he had. Hank's friend gladly helped.
I begged my Mother to allow me to meet my Father. She arranged the meeting when I was 5 Year's old. I knew who he was immediately, I did not need an introduction.
It was so huge and impressive! Neil took tons of photos. He wanted to remember the impressive site forever.
Stephen followed the process correctly. His claim was denied. Stephen should have called GEICO.
When I woke up I saw she had flipped half of the rug over. My wife laughed when she saw the rug. We posted a photo on Facebook.
I opened the soda and took a drink. I breathed the soda in as I took a drink and spit the soda everywhere. I made a huge mess and then had to clean it up.
He had never even been to daycare. His mom walked him to the door and kissed him bye. He had a great first day.
I bought a pound of Starbucks coffee. I replaced it with Maxwell House coffee. I laughed when she did not notice the difference immediately.
Unfortunately the store was all out. They got apple juice instead. Unfortunately nobody ever wound up drinking it and it went bad.
She became very nervous the day before her date. The day of her date came and things went well for the most part. Lynn found out her date still lived with his parents and she cried.
When Fred boarded the bus, he began to feel ill. After a minute, the movement of the bus caused Fred to vomit. Fred was embarrassed and had to clean up his mess.
He would throw the ball as far as he could down the lane. No one could find a rule against throwing so they were angry. The owner of the alley banned him to keep the peace.
Tod set up shop in the city and then began to work hard for Years. One day a fierce storm washed away Tod's shop, leaving him broke. Tod was heartbroken and suffered from depression until he died.
We pulled the cover up to our cheeks Mommy came in and read us a story. Then she kissed us goodnight and turned out the lights.
The train had never been late before. The people knew today it was going to be very late. Flames and screams poured equally out of the tunnel.
Suddenly a fireman pushed into the room and picked him up. He carried Kevin out of the house and dumped him on the lawn. The fireman had saved Kevin's life and extinguished the fire.
A player approached Junior and gave him an extra baseball. Then, his dad snapped a photo of the two together. Junior now had a ball and photo that he could show all his friends.
The prosecutor told the jury to watch The Last Seduction movie. That was where Michelle got the idea to try to kill her husband. The jury found her guilty.
She went to her friends house and they were glad she was there. All of the girls put on makeup and played dress up all day and night. Madelynn had a lot of fun and wanted to go back again.
Kate spent all month finding as many box tops as possible. On the last day of the contest, she turned in her box tops. She ended up winning.
She enjoyed the walk very much. One day she saw some new flowers. She stopped to smell the wonderful flowers.
She called her mother. Her mother gave Luana advice on how to deal with emotions. Luana learned to cope.
The man then showed that he had John's wallet. John had left his wallet on the counter while ordering food. The man was returning it, but wanted to prank John.
My nails glistened. I got many compliments. I will keep them this color.
She heard about a free backpack giveaway. She brought her son and he got a backpack. Inside were all of the supplies he needed.
Soon, she got a bright idea. She started cooking and selling plates. She saved her money and bought her own food truck.
He saw headlights behind him. He decided to try and run away. Jake wound up crashing his car and getting arrested.
He had to work tomorrow but did not want to go to bed. He wanted to some enjoyment today, even if only for a little while. So, he sat down on the couch and picked up his favorite book.
The tutor was a charlatan and was also bad at math. Consequently, Bart failed his math test. Therefore, Bart decided to sue the tutor.
The store was out of gifts! Tammy drew a nice card for her mom. Her mom loved it and cherished it forever!
Some of the group left to get snacks. Then, Pam's friend let her know she had food in her teeth. Pam was so embarrassed and she went to clean her teeth.
She felt her day would be boring. On the day, she opened her door and heard, "SURPRISE!" Her friends and family gave her a totally fun birthday party.
Since their family keeps growing they decided to buy a house. This was a surprise to the Johnson kids. They found a beach house and bought it.
He was sure to get plenty of sleep. He ate breakfast the following morning. The test turned out to be a breeze.
He applied for a loan. Luckily, his loan application was approved! Ricky was happy to be able to pay for college.
I agreed to take him on a train. I booked two tickets for a train from Spain to France. My son had a great time on the train!
Dan tucked his hands under his armpits for a few minutes. When his hands warmed up he was able to type again. Dan's keyboard smells like deodorant now.
One day, he was surfing the web, and came across a Downs Group. He joined the group and made many friends just like him. His confidence improved and he finally felt like he belonged.
She kept it securely around her finger, or so she thoughts. When she went to the beach today she ended up losing it. Thankfully though, the lifeguard found it in the end.
Always a gentleman, he let her try her's first. He could hear crunching as she bit into her food. He hadn't cooked the spaghetti long enough!
Zoey informed her that she was actually left handed. Her teacher helped her re-string the whole instrument. Zoey thanked her a lot.
She twisted her ankle very badly when she fell. She went to the doctor, and discovered it was sprained. It took several weeks before Morgan's ankle was healed.
The class was boring since we couldn't talk and had to work quietly. Eventually, the substitute started to complain about being here. All of the classmates ignored him.
Her husband was so excited when she told him and broke out in tears. They tried to become pregnant for over two years. They both can't wait to meet the baby.
She asked her parents to do her room in a cartoon theme. They had to think about it for awhile. Eventually they said they would decorate her room again.
They are old and flat. Bill is so frustrated he goes to the store and buys pillows at 2 AM. Bill comes home with his new pillows and has a restful sleep.
Suddenly, Mike felt a powerful earthquake beneath his feet. A tall tree from his neighbor's yard smashed into his backyard shed. Mike's yard became an even bigger mess, but Mike was safe.
Simon spent the afternoon making his room spotless. His mom took him to an early evening show. Simon enjoyed the movie.
They next day the college was hung on the wall outside of class. She confessed to the teacher she hadn't really put in effort. The teacher told her she didn't need to because she was natural.
She spent lunch period in the restroom to avoid being seen. Jan regretted wearing the sweater since she had to hide anyway. When Jan got home, her sister smiled when she saw the sweater.
I went to the store to purchase cookies. I drove home with my purchase. I ate cookies for breakfast.
She showed them the online receipt she had printed out. The clerk admitted the hotel computers had been having trouble. For her trouble, Fran was upgraded to a nice room for less money.
Toni secretly fixed it at night. The next day his friend found out and was elated. Toni was so happy to help his friend out.
The baby drank anyways. The baby got sick from a dirty bottle. Now the baby is crying all day long!
Halfway there she ran into heavy traffic due to an accident. She was not expecting this. Amy arrived 30 minutes late.
The weather was going to be cold. Justin covered his tomatoes with a sheet to protect them from frost. Justin's tomatoes survived the cold night.
His dad pointed at the kite with a concerned look. Tim looked up to see his kite get stuck in a tree. His father consoled him as Tim cried over his lost kite.
He ran right into her, knocking her down. She told him he didn't need to be so dramatic to get her attention. After that they became good friends.
When he first tried he fell over. He hurt his knee pretty badly. It made him give up trying.
He struggled at first and decided to sign up for lessons. He took lessons for a year and practiced in his spare time. A year later he is now a great drummer in a band.
Not to mention the service was not good. Ken was talking only about himself. The date was a flop.
The cable representative tries to get him to keep his subscription. Cris politely declines all the representative's offers and incentive. Cris is now saving money from cutting the cable.
To his surprise, he couldn't stop sneezing. Gary suspected dog dander was to blame for the sneezing. He was forced to replace all the carpets.
I confessed to her that I wanted to go out with her. I was confused when she said no since she kissed me before. She simply said that she was only being kind.
With all of the noise, Ken was having troubles concentrating. His sister ignored his pleas, so he had to leave. Ken found a great homework spot in his bedroom, his headphones on.
The vase fell on the ground and broke apart. Steph apologized to the manager. He wasn't mad however, Steph had to pay for the damages.
Tim did not listen. After an hour, his teeth hurt really bad. Tim never ate hard candy again.
The dog dug a small hole with his front paws. The dog placed the bone in the hole. The dog covered the bone with dirt.
In 2000 they sold their business for 500 million dollars. The ice cream company is now owned by a massive conglomerate. Ben & Jerry's is still popular all over the world.
He played great the whole night. He even ran for the game winning touchdown after a fumble. He still remembers those days fondly.
Then he had a great idea! He got an old belt from a neighbor and decorated it nicely. Sam's dad was very pleased with his hand-decorated belt!
Just as she got to the good part the call dropped. Kay tried to call Beth back but there was no answer. Kay cursed the phone for dropping at such an important part.
They had a surprise for their guests. They practiced every week. When it was time to dance, they broke out in a medley of songs.
He bought a Rolex and Chanel shoes last week. While leaving the mall he noticed that his car was missing. Chaz found out that someone has stolen his car.
Jessie confronted her about it. She denied everything. Jessie decided to stop being friends with her.
He entered the lady's house, finding her unresponsive. He rushed her to the hospital, where they began CPR. Bob was saddened deeply to learn they were unable to save her.
The doctor said she had a bacterial sinus infection and a UTI. Emily took her medication. She slowly but surely became well again.
Then one day he realized that tiramisu was Italian too! He had been making his favorite dessert, tiramisu, for years. Lou was happy to be able to make Italian dishes after all!
Lori was excited as the building was new and near Fenway Park. Sadly, she could not afford the rent and is vacating in a few months. My daughter said Lori always had trouble managing her money.
We paid the three dollars and got pieces of lettuce. We stuck it out and the giraffes ate it. We had so much fun and would love to go back.
Jane got a hamster. Her dad had an allergy attack. She had to return the hamster to the store.
I told her to go fight someone her own size. However, she took it seriously and brought Tim. He tried to fight me as well.
They are allowed to try some and they choose the best ones. After filling up a cup of yogurt, they then have a choice of toppings. When they go to pay for the yogurt, they have to weigh the cups.
Gina only looked at his face for a second. She spent the rest of the time staring at his tie. She was having a hard time dealing with his death.
She started to make the pizza dough. She rolled it out and added toppings. When it was done, it was delicious!
She met up with her friend Beth halfway to school. Beth was surprised Amy had come out of her depression. Amy knew the worst was behind her and happy times lay ahead.
He did the best he could to direct the group. John got somewhat lost a few times but got back on track. In the end, the group successfully navigated the maze.
She couldn't find the right one. Finally she found one online. It looked great.
During the game she ended up winning. Tina win money and a trip to Greece. She was so excited.
The snow began to fall as the sun reached its height. The snow fell thick and fast, and soon it lay deep on the ground. Winter had come at last.
She always made it at an acceptable time. This time she was late. She got in big trouble.
Finally he drew a line with his level. Then he hung the picture with the line as a guide. Ivan was happy that he'd finally got it straight!
On the way home, his dad took him to a chinese restaurant. Shane tried to eat, but his throat hurt too badly. Instead, he just ate some egg drop soup.
I hired a personal trainer to help train me. We've been training for four months and making good progress. I have a little further to go before I'm marathon ready.
She was so excited and immediately fell in love with the little puppy. She named him Jax. Lilly plays and takes Jax for walks every day now.
I decided to try it out. Alas, the vacuum was too loud for my ears. I decided to stick with my trusty broom.
I listened intently to both songs. I turned off the stereo. It was quiet for a long time.
He filled a jug with water and tea bags. Then, he set the jug outside. The sun brewed delicious tea in the jug with little work for Tony.
The husband taught her how to cook many dishes. The wife practiced every day with the husband. One day, she cooked him his favorite meal and he smiled.
One day, Bob went to the store and saw the fishing section. He decided to buy a pole and try fishing again. He enjoyed it, and will continue fishing in honor of his father.
He then took the computer to a local repair shop. They looked at his computer and figured out what was wrong. Now James's computer is working like brand new.
His dad reached for the bag of beef jerky crumbs. He couldn't find it. Jason scattered the crumbs as the credits ran on his movie.
Frank said some things to Susie that were really mean. When the pizza came, Susie noticed a dead fly on Frank's piece. She smiled sweetly and said nothing as he angrily ate the pizza.
The cashier gave him his ticket to fill out. The man used his birthday to select numbers. The man put the ticket in his pocket and walked out the door.
She had no money but saw several restaurants giving out free samples. Beth got as many free samples as she could. She was satisfied with her free lunch.
A huge tornado had blown through and destroyed some neighborhoods. Jax was taken to a shelter, but nobody came to claim him. Finally, a couple adopted him and took him home.
She didn't have the money to buy the book so she went to the library. She was able to check out the book for free. Samantha aced her math test after studying the book.
After bring it home, I noticed that it was not turning on. I drove back to the store and asked for a replacement. The store found me a replacement and gave me store credit.
He drives to the computer store. Tom picks out a great computer. Tom finally has his own computer!
Then, he quickly rode his bike to work. When he got there, he apologized to his boss. His boss forgave him and gave him one more chance.
While underway, Daisy got seasick. She felt better once the boat anchored out. Daisy caught many fish that day.
He was very excited. When they arrived, Manny and his mother ordered room service. It was delicious!
There was a commercial about Godaddy. It had a nerd and a hot girl kissing for almost a minute. Everyone was silent and feeling awkward about it.
They decided to go to a sushi restaurant. Rita and her grandparents ate every bite of the sushi! They were very full after finishing dinner.
She decided to try some fruit bars. She put some in her mouth. The taste was delicious.
He liked playing music, and was a pretty good guitar player. Just then, he caught sight of a job advertisement at a music store. Ted walked in and applied to be a children's guitar teacher.
She decided to stop waiting for someone to ask her. Taking matters into her own hands, she asked Josh, a friend of hers. Josh happily said yes, and Jan had a date for prom!
Gina was at an intersection stopped at a stop sign. A car was coming, but it was going slow so she decided to go. Gina misjudged their speed and almost had an accident.
Even a 10E has trouble getting around my afo. I found a pair of slippers designed for diabetics. Luckily, these fit on very easily.
On the morning of the test, Alex drove to his school with his things. He went to the test room, then later finished the test and went home. Later on, Alex checked his scores and saw that he had done very badly.
Reaching into his back pocket, Charlie found he forgot his wallet. Explaining this to her, they both went back to get their items. Upon returning to the carnival it was too late to get in.
However, she had not killed her first deer yet. On their outing today, Kim spotted a deer. She aimed her gun, and killed her first one!
They tried to convince him to dive from the highest board. Larry refused. His friends made fun of him.
He called pest control. They came and eradicated the hive with chemicals. Johnny was able to play basketball in his driveway once again.
Finally he meets a nice girl and asks her out for Valentine's day. They have a romantic night together drinking wine. Blake is happy that he had a date for Valentine's day.
It was very crowded and expensive. Sam wasn't able to get on many rides. He was disappointed with the whole trip.
One night, he went to a party and did cocaine and heroin. This caused him to overdose. They sent him to the hospital but he died.
Maggie tried to get her dad attention. She could not get her dad to eat her. Maggie went and took the gum and walked out the store.
There was one shop in particular, very close to my apartment. It was there that I had my first pistachio gelato. While I tried many other flavors too, I always, always got pistachio!
Her natural bust size made her very self conscious. Tamra went and had a bust enlargement procedure performed. After surgery her self esteem shot through the roof.
His male owner threw a rock at the water. However, Hunter grabbed in his mouth and it broke his canine tooth. Hunter had a surgery to remove the broken tooth and he recovered fast.
Then he set Bobby off with a push. At first Bobby wobbled, but then he straightened out. Bobby was riding his bike like a grown-up!
Then Suzanne met Molly, a mysterious European woman. Many romantic dates later, they agreed they were in love. Suzanne decided to stay in Berlin.
However Linda was lacking some decorating inspiration. She went to pinterest and started browsing for ideas. After a few hours Linda knew exactly how she wanted her home to look.
The opponent couldn't find his ball and had to take a penalty. The inventor laughed and took a big lead in their game. After he won he confessed and the other golfer though he was mean.
She hadn't been planning on getting one. Randomly, she decided to buy it. She paid and brought it home.
But she was saddened by one lingering effect. She still had awful stretch marks! Ann hated her ugly stretch marks.
He hurriedly filled in the memorized letters on the exam. When he got to the last problems, Bill panicked. He didn't know where, but he had missed one letter.
He told me that one of my tail lights was out. I told him I wasn't aware and would fix it right away. He let me go with a warning.
One day, he started a podcast. His ideas were heard by thousands. Alan decided he must have some really great ideas.
He made sure to cover every vital part. Unfortunately his date turned out to be allergic. She broke out in hives and had to go home early.
His mom took him to the store. He bought a bright red one! He road his new bike all day!
By the time he got his bill, it was over $100. Paul shrugged it off and paid it. The bartender told him to come back any time.
The number seemed too high to him. The scientist repeated this on a different scale. The second scale gave a much lower reading.
He took her to a nice dinner. Then he dropped to one knee! Jay proposed right there in the restaurant!
Both decided to go rollerskating around the block at the same time. To their surprise, they both crashed as they rounded the same corner. Both quick to apologize, became great friends from that incident.
Blake calls up all his friends to organize a small game of rugby. They meet at a local park and play for one hour. Blake is very happy that rugby is making his lifestyle more active.
In the dark I thought I saw a cat on a trash can. I moved closer, calling and clicking my tongue. It was actually a large raccoon that responded by hissing at me.
They showed him all the local sights and gave him food. He was excited to try buffalo for the first time. The food was so good he traded his provisions for more.
However, his wife and children has begun to feel neglected. John saw how much they wanted to be with him. So John quit his old job to take care of his family more
Tanya swam as fast as she could. As she neared the finish line she held her breath one last time. Her fingers touched the edge of pool, she had finished her final lap.
His family was on vacation and their car broke down. In order to make it back, my boyfriend rented a Uhaul. His parents drove and he rode in the back for 1000 miles!
To my surprise, it was not packed. I bought a ticket and some snacks and went inside. I sat down at a good seat and enjoyed the whole movie.
One day Steven decided to quit his accounting job and open a pie shop. His friends at work thought he was crazy for taking such a big risk. Ten years later Steven is the owner of a large chain of bakeries.
I opened a can of pumpkin. I poured the pumpkin in the shell with the egg and spices. I baked the pie in the oven.
As soon as the fire department got there, they got the cat down. To her relief, the cat was just fine. Kathie walked away and would never let that happen again.
The principal told her they were against dress code. She had to change her jeans. Now, she only wears her holey jeans at home.
His coworkers did not like that he made them look bad. His coworkers told lies to their boss about Ted. Ted was fired the next day.
Finally she decides to go to the dentist's office. She has her teeth cleaned thoroughly. She decides that the dentist wasn't as bad as she feared.
He decided to build custom kites for people. He set up shop and made hundreds of kites! His kite stand was selling out day after day!
His palms were sweaty as he threw the dice. His jaw dropped as he saw the dice land on the number 3. He spent his winnings on a brand new car.
At first he craved candy often. But soon he got used to being without it. After a few weeks he didn't even miss it!
Discouraged, Lucy was tempted to quit. But Lucy kept trying and finally learned the piece. Lucy was proud to give a great performance at the recital!
One day the owners confronted him about it. He felt bad that he caused the damage and promised to stop. Andy learned a valuable lesson and never vandalized again.
He was the only survivor. They gave him a medal for bravery afterward. But the truth was that he hid in an outhouse the entire time.
Jon's brother told Jon there was an emergency and he needs help. Jon began to sweat profusely at the thought of flying. He got over his fear and took the flight.
When he was ten, a friend gave Harold his first french fry. Harold thought it was the most delicious thing he had ever tasted. Harold grew up to binge on french fries every chance he got.
She told me that she thought I deserved to get promotion too. She then asked me to help her in her new role. I did and she praised my kindness to the boss.
Traffic was at a standstill. I became anxious at the thought of missing my flight. Thankfully, my plane was delayed and I made it on time.
I looked for a job for almost eleven months. I gave up and had to move in with my parents. I realized I should have majored in engineering.
When one of his teammates got hurt he had a chance to play. He scored eight points, a record for him. His team didn't win but he felt happy he had played so well.
The best part was that they were open until late at night. Unfortunately, they closed down a few months ago. I guess I'll have to find a new Chinese place.
He did not want to go. He locked himself in a nearby closet. Eventually, he realized he had to go and be with his mom.
The whole time she was there she felt like a stranger. Now she was going home. As she drove home she replayed the events of the day in her mind.
My buddy told me about Netflix and how much cheaper it is. It sounded amazing because I did spend a lot of money on dvds. I signed up for Netflix and I love it!
It was delicious, but it gave Mina terrible cramps. She suffered in the bathroom for hours. Mina wished she had resisted the allure of the ice cream!
She went to get it, but saw that all of the dates were expired. She told her boss, but he decided that they would serve it anyway. Jane felt really bad, but she did what her boss told her to do.
The cookies were a big hit. Everyone kept wanting to eat more. Carol promised to make more in the future.
Chuck fell off the raft into the icy water. Fortunately he was wearing a life jacket. He floated along until the raft was able to reach him.
I fermented them for six weeks. Finally, I had made wine! Alas, it tasted poor.
It was January, with discarded Christmas trees on every curb. We collected dozens of them in the middle of the night. Joel opened his door the next day to a mountain of holiday firs!
Sammy took his final test just yesterday. He aced the test with no problem. Sammy became the pilot he always wanted to be!
Drew could hear the ducks coming. He took three shots. Drew got two ducks and had a fabulous dinner that evening.
It was faded and I couldn't read what the letter said. After several days of pleading, dad finally told me the secret. He was given a medal for heroic actions in the Vietnam war.
Steve loves his job, but compromises. Steve no longer plays piano on weeknights. Steve loves his wife.
Then one publisher sent him a letter. They loved his work and wanted to publish it! Kurt was on his way to being a famous author!
It started to rain. They had to run under shelter. They continued their picnic and watched the rain.
When she handed them out she realized she was one short! She felt terrible that she had to leave someone out. The next day she gave that classmate an extra large bag of candy.
After 10 minutes, she started to look at my paper. She began writing the same words. The teacher caught her and ended up suspending her from school.
It made his eye's water as he remembered her growing up. He walked over to her after, and gave her a surprise big hug. After the wedding, he was more grateful for his life.
I picked out the plant at the greenhouse. They helped me with my choice. So far it has been growing nicely.
They were growing very hungry! Finally they gave up fiddling with the stove. Connor and his friend ate chips and pretzels for dinner!
But he offered Eddie $1 to do it. Eddie was a bit nervous but he wanted the money. The pop rocks fizzed but Eddie survived!
One evening, her boyfriend got very drunk. As he laid on the sofa eating fries, he told Gretchen he loved her. Gretchen reciprocated the following morning.
He sounded awful. Tom practiced everyday. Soon, he was the best piano player at his school.
When I arrived, I was surprised. Everyone except me was dressed casually. I only felt out of place for a day.
The other was twenty dollars to give to another person or charity. Karen thought very hard about what to do with the money. She donated it to a group that bought books for poor children.
Ricky fainted on the tennis court. Bob gave Ricky some water to drink. Ricky felt better after resting for awhile.
Eve forgot about what she did. While her mom was vacuuming, she moved the chair. She was horrified to find mold where the juice was spilled.
May didn't like the way the girl was acting. May told Lucy to go to her room because the outing was cancelled. Lucy sat staring at May with shocked look on her face.
He decided to ask a coworker for one. He slowly walked over to ask for help. She provided him with a box of tissues and some throat drops.
She fights for a cause she believes in. She was arrested last week for it. She is proud.
He found a way to healthily incorporate it into his life. He would heavy weights four times per week. He used the milk for protein to help build muscle.
She approached his desk and introduced herself. He seemed shocked that she was speaking to him. Gina was sure to be extra nice so he knew she was serious.
An older couple answered at one of the last houses they had gone to. They praised him for being such a cute little soldier. Along with candy they put a small copy of the Constitution in his bag.
She dropped the eggs into the bowl without breaking them. She made a huge mess. Her mother scolded her when she discovered what she'd done.
Her trainer put her through an intensive workout. Whit started to feel sick. She got sick and threw up.
The caterpillar was thrown into the sea. Fortunately, the caterpillar could swim. The caterpillar was alive, but it was still ugly.
She went to Target to look at Apple watches. They did not have any in stock and she was disappointed. She went home and ordered it online and was happy to surprise him.
His doctors thought otherwise. They ran tests after test. The MRI showed a tumor in Scrooge's brain.
Rick panicked and contemplated what to do. He decided to glue and duct tape the handle back onto the door. After the glue dried the oven door handle stayed on.
He chastised Ted for not brushing well. Ted apologized but was impatient and angry. Ted left the visit with his tooth fixed but none the wiser.
Hector decides to iron out the wrinkles in his shirt. After working very hard the shirt looks great. Now Hector is ready to go to work.
He drove over the speed limit in hopes of getting there on time. A cop pulled bob over for speeding. Bob received a ticket and did not get to work on time.
So he didn't usually pay much attention when the other team was up. In the sixth inning he looked up to see the ball sailing towards him. He caught it, getting the out.
When we arrived in Canada, our truck broke down. My brother and I explored the town while my dad got the truck fixed. We safely made it back to Missouri after a week.
Then, she colored pictures with them. Finally, they played dress up. Then, she brought the girl home.
To get involved, she tried out for the school musical. Madison got the lead part! She made a lot of close friends by participating in the musical.
All Mack's friends had received new cars, but Mack expected nothing. Then, as he was packing, his dad handed him a key. Mack looked outside and saw his gift - his own new (used) car!
She was afraid and decided to take him to the ER. They checked the baby out just to be safe. Luckily, June was just over worrying and the baby was fine.
She has invited her friends to join her. Pam and her friends are now cycling together on the trip. Pam and her friends agree to do this every month from now on.
He walked in, his friends had a  cake, he asked whose birthday was it? Forgetting it was his birthday he never had such a nice gift. Caught off guard he was speechless, and a memory he would not forget.
Mario once decided to get into a bar fight. He was struck with a bottle and died. Mario's anger seemed to fall into a hole.
The noise happened again, louder and closer this time. Startled, Jesse sat upright in her bed and looked around. Her search revealed Fluffy, her cat, and a half-chewed paper ball.
Jimmy started crying. His mom thankfully found some sugar free candies. Jimmy felt satisfied and thanked his mom.
Eventually he got too old to go to summer camp. He was sad because he would miss it. He was able to become a camp counselor and continue going forever.
The day of his birthday, he seemed extra excited. Then sad when the day passed and there was no party. Lisa felt bad that she had fooled him like that.
The first thing she did was get a tutor to help her study. Samantha studied in the library for hours. Samantha was able to pull off an A on her final.
They decided to cut cost by having a small wedding. They only invited their closest family and kept things simple. Their wedding day ended up being amazing and within budget.
The other, Fire King, stepped backwards to dodge it and fell. The Junkman stood over him and raised his pipe. The referee tackled the Junkman to stop him from his attack.
He tried to run away but the police caught him. He pleaded guilty. He was sentenced to prison for life.
His mother told him never to drink ocean water. Jim was so thirsty he didn't care. It was so bad that he never drank ocean water again.
Bradley stepped on his shoe lace. He ended up tripping, spilling the cake. Everyone started to complain afterwards.
During the next month, she can out of money. She asked me if she can have $100 dollars. I was frustrated and walked away.
Saturday she had plans to go to the beach but it was raining. Michelle was very disappointed and at this point had no other plans. She finally decided not to waste the day and went to the mall instead.
She thought he could never like her back. Then ken day she found a sweet note in her locker. It was from Adam, asking her to prom!
He was kicked out of the movie theater for using his phone. His girlfriend was angry at him. She didn't talk to him for the rest of the night.
There, he saw artwork and lots of cultural attractions. He was impressed by the beautiful architecture. Germany was an amazingly beautiful country!
We flew back home as soon as we could. We saw many police and first response vehicles all around town. Thankfully, none of our friends or family had been harmed!
When he first arrived in his apartment he didn't know what to do. His roommate helped him unpack. Larry eventually got used to living on his own after awhile.
Charles went to visit her in the nursing home. She said they didn't take good care of her and that he hated her. Charles took his mother home and hired hospice care for her.
She wanted her friend Tami to throw an eraser at him. That way he would turn and see her. But Tami refused because she didn't want to get in trouble.
When he finally got on his legs started to tremble. The ride spun him left and right. Afterwards, Bob felt sick to his stomach and had to puke. B.
He was even more excited when he saw him hold up a bag of gummy worms. John sat down on the porch to eat his gummy worms. He even shared a few with his dad!
Dan found the grounding in the plug was bad. He called an electrician to fix it. Now Dan's guitar isn't distorted.
Others ask me why I'm taking them. I tell them that I want to sing professionally. Really it's just a hobby for me and it helps my self-esteem.
He called a tow truck. They took it back to the garage he had just left. The mechanic took the old oil out but forgot to put new oil in.
Her mom told her that they could only afford one shirt. Maria agonized over her decision. Finally, she decided on one shirt with red stripes.
Luckily I proved who I was though it was scary. They let me through but just barely. Ever since I have been nervous about immigration.
Her father was rich and loud while her mother was pleasant. The wedding had Mexican music which we found interesting. We spent a few days in Sacramento and SF before flying home.
Eric fell for her hard. Tim started dating her. It ruined their friendship.
Mark hit a sandbar one day and his boat was stuck. Mark called his friend Jill to come and tow him out. Jill towed mark off of the sandbar and saved his boat.
He practiced his penmanship for months. Mike took a spelling test at school. The teacher publicly praised him for his improvement in writing.
Then she called a pool company. They came and installed a pool for her. Ella finally had her pool!
Carl hits the snooze bar on the clock. The alarm goes off again. Carl adds "get a new alarm clock" to the list of things to do today.
He asked the realtor to help him sell his home. The realtor agreed. The realtor sold John's home.
Everyone made fun of me for it. The teasing was relentless. I decided to just shave my head instead.
It broke on impact. The screen was destroyed. Now Lance was angry about that too.
I stopped by a local shoe store. I went inside and bought some leather sandals. I went back to my car and continued driving.
Jimmy defeats John. John practices for several days. John defeats Jimmy after a week.
Finally they decided on a trip they'd both enjoy. They planned out a long camping trip in the woods! The two had a wonderful time on their trip.
It's lights whirled and the siren wailed. Gina was blocking the hospital driveway. She drove quickly to get out of the way of the ambulance.
While shooting for the basket, Nick accidentally lost the ball. When he and his friends found the ball, a dog had it and popped it. Nick and his friends went back home and played video games instead.
Tony swerved and put his arm out to protect his sister. The deer ran off and Tony was able to straighten out the car. His sister was happy that Tony's instinct was to protect her.
Jane told him to go away because she hadn't ordered pizza. Jane's brother ran up and told her he had ordered pizza! Jane and her brother were very relieved to receive their pizza.
The professor was dry and boring making it difficult to stay awake. By the third week Kay could barely stand the class. She went to the registrar and dropped the class before it was too late.
John started to feel a little nervous. As the day rolled on, John realized he was one of the top players. John got picked as the team's shortstop.
Anita went to the office for information on the position. Anita was given a list of requirements. Sadly, Anita did not meet the requirements to be a judge.
He decided he had to hitchhike. He stuck his thumb out and a nice truck driver picked him up. He drove Ed most of the way to his hometown.
Sam did not a sauce menu so he recited all 30. The customer was overwhelmed by the list and just picked the first. Sam rang in an order of the sauce for the customer.
Jen took a bite from one of the wings. However, her mouth started to hurt from the spice. She gulped an entire glass of water afterwards.
Bill was informed that his niece had cancer and was losing her hair. He wanted to show his support so he cut all his hair off. Bill took his hair and had a nice wig made for his niece.
They stayed in place all the way to the party. As she walked through the party room she tripped. Trish was now the life size cake topper.
My friend helped me practice every day after school all month. The day for tryouts finally came and I was very nervous. Thanks to all of our hard work we both made the team.
When she arrived, she was shy at first. But gradually she began to relax and unwind. Soon, Nola was having a great time at the party!
I went into the dressing room to try on a few things. I left my own pants in the dressing room with my wallet inside. When I returned to the dressing room, someone had taken the cash out.
One day, a friend recommended he try learning computer programming. Jackson found that he could make more money as a computer programmer. He decided to abandon his dream of being a musician.
He tried a fresh blueberry. Randall was surprised at how good it tasted. He decided he actually liked blueberries.
This dentist was much nicer than the old one. When the appointment was over, the dentist gave Jeff a lollipop. Jeff decided that going to the dentist wasn't so bad.
They practiced humming a popular song of the time. During the talent show they hummed the song perfectly. Rick and his friends took third place for their act.
But then Kate invited her little brother. He told her mom about the party! Kate was so angry, she wanted to smack him.
After she took a sip, she threw the bowl on the ground. She also demanded that he cooks something else for her. After that, he decided to kick her out of the house.
She also ended up skipping class. Sue's grades were started to fall. Sue failed her freshman year.
After a while, Tina woke up and it was very late. Tina has to rush through her homework. The teacher gave Tina a bad grade for poor work on the homework.
The Monday before the contest, he fell off his bike and broke his arm. He wouldn't be able to march since he was put in a cast. He still went to cheer from the sidelines and show his support.
The dog is too little to jump that high by herself and she cries. So Jen finds a footstool that the dog can use to jump up on the bed. Now the dog can jump up and down using the foot stool.
I discussed with Sally how fun it could be to pick our own apples. Sally and I decided to pick apples. We had fun picking apples and it broke up our drive to the fair.
It was a rattlesnake! Joe called the snake relocation company. They came and removed the snake from his yard.
She had to take care of her baby brother, James. Luckily, James behaved for the couple hours that they were gone. Opal had underestimated her brother.
Neil hadn't even known it was a separate country! He went there and learned all about its rich history. He was so glad he had discovered such a wonderful country!
Everyone came and brought their favorite topping. They divided the finished pizzas so everyone could try each kind. When they were done, they agreed it was the best idea Kylie had had.
Devon found a real encyclopedia and compared it to the web's. He saw that the two were identical. Devon concluded by using the internet because it was easier to use.
The bully just laughed because Tim was so small. But Tim used his arms to trip up the bully's long legs. The bully fell hard and never messed with Tim again.
As the ride went on it felt smoother. I ended up falling asleep. When the ride was over I woke up.
She hung the coat on the rack in the class, feeling miserable. Then, Lily's favorite teacher entered the class. She went right to the coat and said it was the cutest thing ever.
He poured her some milk and cereal. They ate cereal together. They left for the bus together.
Consequently, I ended up doing most of the work. I had to set up the equipment and prepare the chemicals. The situation was worse when they broke a beaker, slowing me down.
When he got there, a criminal was holding a store owner hostage. He was forced to shoot the criminal. The officer still thinks about the incident Year's after it happened.
He decided to join without telling them. He broke his arm at the first game. His parents grounded him.
I ordered pizza and it was delicious. I would definitely go back in an instant. It was the best food I ever had.
He wore a lot of socks so he filled an entire load with them. When washer beeped he reached in to grab the pairs. He noticed a sock had gone missing, and could never find it.
All guests had responded. The food had been ordered. The night was going to be great.
Her nail broke while in the sand. When she pulled her hand out there was sand in the cracks. The pain was intense as she cleaned the sand from the wound.
Peter worked hard to do his chores all week. That Saturday they went to the pound and picked a puppy. Peter was happy to have a new companion.
Finally I found one online. When I put it on the iPad it fit perfectly. I was thankful it fit.
Hank led Bob to a storage room where there was many boxes. In each box there was a bounty of glass animals. Bob was a little disappointed in his inheritance but thankful.
Emma devoted a lot of time to studying hard. Soon she was earning As in all her classes! Emma was finally allowed to get a job and earn spending money!
Her sister, Beth, was terrible with plants and killed them easily. Madeline decided to get her a cactus, since they were hard to kill. Beth was happy with her gift, which managed to survive.
She worked hard on it for weeks. Then she presented it to her mom. Her mom teared up at the thoughtful gift!
After she was done, she took a taste. The taste was amazing. Kelly couldn't believe it.
As the girls arrived in the city they were in awe. They thought it was great where she grew up. By the end of the trip they couldn't wait to go back.
He went to Bestbuy to check out the computers. They had a big sale on PCs. Liam decided to go with a PC.
After 3 weeks Jane arrived home to see the back gate open. She called to the puppy but he was nowhere around. Jim cried when she told him the puppy ran away.
We got into a few minor arguments. Eventually I won Unfortunately nobody else agreed.
Then she decided to join a local church youth group. Everyone there was so very nice to her. She made tons of friends right away!
Margo went to the picnic with her favorite teddy bear. They gave out prizes and food for the kids and their bears. Margo had a great time.
Jane remembered that her dentist warned against chewing gum. Jane took the gum because she didn't want attention on her braces. After school, Jane spent an hour getting gum out of them.
Yet on the way to the table, she dropped it. Alexia was so upset. She couldn't believe she dropped it.
He invites his three friends over for pizza. Jason put the pizza in the attic. Jason has his friends help clean the attic in exchange for pizza.
One day, Mike forgot to close the door. The cat walked in the open door. The cat curled up happily under the baby's crib.
I could not get the outcome right. Finally, I gave up. I failed to do my task at work.
One of his friends suggested he try out for the jump rope team. He tried out and made the team. Greg turned out to love jump rope and was one of the best on the team.
It took weeks to finish the place. When they finally finished, they gave the keys to a family in need. Lexi felt so good helping someone in need.
The new trick was really dangerous. Sam accidentally fell from the ramp. Sam landed badly on his leg and broke it.
His joke referenced violence and his teacher was worried. She reported him and he got into big trouble. He never understood why they got mad at him.
When she went on the 4th floor she saw her new office. It included a computer and several tools. Her instructor gave her an assignment to complete.
At first she hated the work, thinking it was tedious and hard. But gradually she got used to the job. Soon Tia could recognize the work ethic her job was teaching her!
I asked them if they would like to share internet. They agreed and gave me their wifi password. So far we've gotten along well.
The dog turned out to be a scruffy, skinny, little pup. I went into the kitchen and got the pup some food. I gave the puppy the food and I went back to bed, both of us happy.
Finally she decided to check into an intense rehab. There, she learned tips and tricks for staying sober. After leaving rehab, Lyra finally got clean for good!
She thought that nature loving was great, but didn't pay the bills! Then Ari revealed his chosen career path to her. After high school, he became a forest ranger!
The next morning she woke up with a shock. The TV was gone. Maria noticed an open window and realized that her TV was stolen.
While walking across a jewelry shop, she saw a cash register. She tried to take some money from it. However, a cop pulled her over and arrested her.
While playing with his toys, Nemo knocked over his fish's bowl. He remembered he took his fish out to clean the bowl. Nemo, on the verge of tears, was extremely relieved.
He flipped his eyelids up so that his eyes looked red. Then, he hid behind a wall. When his cousin walked past the wall, he jumped out and scared him.
Today my wife took the day off to clean. She tidied up the guest bedroom. We are excited to see our granddaughter.
They always treated her like a little girl even when she grew up. Now, as an adult, Mollie has become a successful lawyer and mother. Both Andrew and Julia look to her when they need advice or help.
Mary looked through a cookbook for snickerdoodle recipes. She baked four dozen cookies to enjoy. Her sweet tooth was satisfied!
She asked her friend to hold her phone and tossed it to her. Later, when she asked for it back, her friend didn't have it. Andrea had accidentally dropped the phone on the ground.
Food spilled everywhere. Tina was embarrassed. The store manager cleaned up the mess and consoled Tina.
He thought maybe someone stole it from him. Luke had looked everywhere he could think of. Luke couldn't buy himself dinner.
Finally, he agreed to go to a swimming lesson. The instructor was calm and friendly, and put Fred at ease. By the end of the lesson, Fred had learned to love the water.
When her grandma arrived Julie explained that her boyfriend was there. For some reason, her grandmother was upset about being surprised. Despite Julie's protests, her grandmother left without another word.
But Emily got tired of the arguing. She tried many different means of communication, but none worked. Finally, she wrote her parents a letter, hoping for the best.
One night, Gregory waited in the garden to see what was happening. A rabbit came into the garden and began eating a carrot. Gregory chased the rabbit out of the garden.
One year on a trip to Vietnam, he rented a motorcycle. Riding the motorcycle was one of the most fun things he had ever done. When he got home, And decided to take motorcycle lessons.
One day he posted on facebook pictures from a rap concert in a park. An A&R from a record company contacted Anthony on facebook. The A&R offered Anthony $5,000 for a photography documentary.
In addition, he threw a few onions on the pan. Since the heat was on high, the oil flew from the pan. It landed on Jake's face.
He went to the mall to go shopping. He found a nice sweater for her. Her grandmother loved the new sweater James bought her.
He threw a punch and a fight broke out. The other player beat up Bill badly. Bill decided that he wouldn't fight again until he was stronger.
That way they would see who was the better baker! Each one entered a homemade pie. But neither one won the contest!
I told him my list, which was very big. The man dressed up as Santa said he would try his best. I walked away excited for Christmas day.
Phil was very upset, because he was sick. Phil went to the doctor and got some medicine for his health. Phil regained his health and won the big game!
As they walked, Becca saw a pretty necklace and stopped to look at it. When she looked up, her mom was gone! Luckily, a nice woman found her crying and helped her find her mom.
Until she tried to get it up in the air. She couldn't quite figure it out until her brother demonstrated. It worked just fine until it got caught in a tree!
The rider began to lose his grip as the bull reared up. Ryan watched as the rider began to fall to the ground of the bull. Springing into action he helped the rider to his feet.
She decided to eat the cereal without milk the next time. But she found it too dry. So Cammy decided to eat something besides cereal.
The light bulb shattered everywhere. He went to the kitchen to fetch a broom. Once the glass was cleared away, he sat back down to work.
Jim worked to save up by cutting other luxuries. He found a new mouse on sale. Jim's excited for his new mouse.
The prices were much more than he could pay for. As he walked back to his car dejected, an Irish person gave him money. John went to Ireland and never came back.
So he decided to go inside and watch TV. Kim got tired of hiding and saw Tom watching TV inside. Kim was angry that he gave up.
The teacher asked the class for a volunteer. After no one volunteered Amy raised her flag to volunteer. To her relief she answered the teacher's question correctly.
She decided to try wearing them one more day. The shoes became looser through the day. Finally, the shoes fit right.
So she got some fabric and began sewing. Soon she had a beautiful handmade dress. All Anna's friends loved and complimented her new dress!
We were scoring points one by one. I tried to make a game winning shot. However, it missed the hoop and shattered my neighbors window.
Her eyes are open, but her mind is very dreary. All she wants is a good night's rest. Tonight might be the night she sleeps.
The trip went well at first as everyone was getting along. However Kelly started a fight with Bethenny and it threw the trip off. By the end of the trip everyone was fighting.
She couldn't go to both parties. Sophia decided to throw her own party. She invited everyone from school and work.
My mother and father ate some pieces. We all got sick over the weekend. We did not go to Freddie Parker's again.
I looked under his bathroom cabinets for cleaning clues. I looked in his kitchen cupboards but found nothing there either. Finally I just asked him and he said he has a maid so now I know.
On his farm, he had a large pond. We sat at the pond and fished. I caught two fish and put them back in the water.
They loved the chicks and played with them all day. Unfortunately, one of the baby birds died. The kids and Zoey buried it with some nice flowers.
She had to cut down slowly. Every day she took a little less. Soon she was totally clean from heroin!
She was really nervous but she thought she could do well. Sadly, her piece didn't even score high enough to win anything. She decided to just try again next year.
Pat strapped the jetpack to himself on the test pad he made. He looked at the sky and switched on the engine. Pat took off and zoomed away into the sky.
They scrambled to replace it before their mother got home. They managed to replace it just as she drove up. They never risked a pillow fight again!
I read the qualifications of the jobs. Some of the jobs I didn't qualify for. I put my resume in the database.
The first coaster they went on was superman. Pete was scared but still had a great time. At the end of the day he was happy.
She was squeezing the tube really hard. Suddenly, dye spurted out of the tube. Red dye went everywhere and she had to clean it up.
At first everything was too expensive. Soon enough, she was able to find some cheaper places. Finally, she found the one that she wanted.
I saw one of the Bruins only five feet away. His car went over my foot. I was not hurt as the car was going slowly.
Stan bought his son a glove, a bat, and a baseball. Stan practiced pitching and hitting in the back yard for weeks. Eventually Stan's son joined a baseball team as a very valued player.
She was trying to sleep but couldn't. Instead, she read a book. Finally, she fell asleep.
His brother ate them all while Kenny was gone. Kenny was disappointed when he found out. He baked a new batch when he got home that night.
Cindy told him that it cost 300 dollars. Joe couldn't afford this, so he offered to work it off. Cindy had him shovel manure for two weeks.
Joan's husband got tired of fixing the cable. He decided to watch Joan mow to see what was the matter. Joan mowed tight circles in one direction, breaking the cable.
The DJ laughed because it was June and that is a silly request. The man tried to convince the DJ to play it by singing a few bars. The DJ appreciated the enthusiasm so much he played the song.
Richard carefully drew his bow and aimed. He let the arrow fly. He shot the apple, but he also took off a piece of Nic's hair.
His plane had engine problems. He had to take an emergency landing. The next day he got an all clear and was flying high again.
Yet while she was walking, she dropped it. A large scoop fell onto the floor. She then proceeded to pick it up.
She was on the ladder when she fell. When she fell she broke her wrist. Alicia had to get a cast.
Her family gathered around her for support. Lana was buried a year after the initial diagnosis. Lana is now resting in peace.
So she practiced on her strength every day for two months. Her teacher was impressed with her progress. She allowed Carly to take introductory en pointe classes!
She hated public speaking! But she rehearsed a lot and did her best. Lisa ended up giving a great speech!
His ability to spout facts and figures impressed customers. Given a promotion, he managed inventory based on this alone. His skill as a master manipulator helped him save face many times.
They got a great spot to watch the July fourth fireworks. As soon as it was dark enough, sparks lit the air. The display was fabulous this year.
When Jackson challenged her she laughed. If a girl couldn't beat her there was no way a boy could! She was stunned when Jackson won.
This left Gina with no friends. She considered apologizing to Rita and Mary. At least then she would have friends again.
The doctor said he was eating too much fat. Jon decided to cut down on whole milk. Instead, he opted to drink fat-free milk.
There was only one cat left at the pound. The cat was old and fat. Sam got a dog instead.
I even caught her once following me in her car. I told her to stop following and harassing me. She still follows and harass me every now and again.
One day I decided to use my size to my advantage. When the other kids wouldn't move over I'd start to sit anyway. They quickly made sure I had enough room.
But then he began to play! Peter swung and swung, but he missed every ball. He realized tennis was a lot harder than he'd thought.
As she was walking in the grocery store the alarm went off. The clerk had to check it. Lo and behold there were 2 sensors in her large purse!
All her bridesmaids helped her into her dress. She was ready to walk down the aisle! Everyone in the church were stunned by her beauty.
She finally got her house on her own. Soon enough, she was exhausted from cooking, cleaning & paying bills. She realized having a house wasn't so much fun.
He wanted to quit. He applied to one last job. He got the job.
When they were ready, Jamie climbed onto the tube behind the boat. After the boat sped up, the tube suddenly popped. Jamie's family turned around and retrieved her from the water.
That night, she made a soup. None of the ingredients went together, it was just a hodge-podge. Somehow, the soup still came out tasting great.
Finally the day was here, and Leo had everything set up. Food, drinks, games and lots of really good music. However, Leo never put stamps on the invites and no one came.
They did not know what was going on. When the ambulance arrived, they found out it was a shark attack. While they felt sad for the person they were glad that it was not them
Tommy's parents brought him to the pet store. He picked out the cutest puppy. Tommy was so happy for his new friend!
Both agreed to compromise by setting it at 68 degrees. When Joan still felt cold, she got suspicious. She saw her husband had written 68 at the 60 degree mark.
They told her to visit a massage therapist. She looked on the Internet and found one that was highly rated. The therapist massaged her pain away and Sarah was happy.
She applied for food stamps. She received government aid to buy food. Now Anna had no problem feeding herself.
After the game, she couldn't find her phone in her backpack. She was sad all night and in the morning checked in the office. She was happy to learn that someone had turned in her phone.
Ava didn't want them to go bad, so she had an idea. She scanned the berries and made strawberry jam. That way, none of the berries went to waste!
When they got there, they kept walking and walking. Pretty soon they were all the way up front. They had front row seats!
I happened to look off in the distance, and I saw a shark fin. I screamed "Shark," and everyone cleared out of the ocean. My whole family and I ran and left the beach.
She tried a few times but nothing was working. She was about to give up and not get the pizza. Luckily, someone behind her offered to buy the pizza for her.
Many people showed up and they played drinking games on the table. The table got broken. Joanna was grounded for 6 months.
He wanted contact information on another retiree. I was able to find the information and give it to him. I feel it is always good to not burn bridges.
He found that he really liked computers and fixing hardware. He found a college with a great electrical engineering program as well His entire family was proud that he was finally going to college.
It was a copy of the famous Rolleiflex. You had to look down the camera to view the subject. Nowadays I just use a digital camera.
This time for her birthday she got a nice charm bracelet. The bracelet was silver and from Tiffany's. Maggie was as pleased as ever.
I remembered my friends liked Pinot Noir so I grabbed a bottle of it. Indeed, my friends loved the Pinot Noir. Alas, it was my most expensive bottle and they finished all of it.
Al set up a farm stand to sell off his extra food. Many people came by to buy his carrots. Al made a lot of money when all his carrots were gone.
When he finally got to the window he was about to scream at them. They immediately apologized before he could. They had an accident and offered free food to make it up to him.
The stickers she chose for eyes had washed away in the rain. Upset she told her grandma what happened. Grandma laughed and decided they would use paint instead.
After graduating, Mike bought three cabs. He hired two cab drivers, starting his own business. Mike's Rides is now the largest taxi service in Atlanta, Georgia.
My friend saw one, and asked me what was wrong with that horse. I told her it wasn't a horse, but a llama. She felt foolish.
Zack was annoyed that he had to share books. But Carl later apologized to Zack. After class, they talked to each other and became friends.
He invited friends over to see it. He told them that he wanted to watch a documentary. They outvoted him and decided to watch a basketball game instead.
They decided to crash the town prom. They had a great time. Then they all got kicked out.
When she chopped it up and placed it into a bowl she tasted it. It tasted delicious and she couldn't wait to try more. She was so hungry she ate it all.
Then he decided to write on his own. He penned some articles, Xeroxed them and passed them out. His classmates all loved his well-written editorials!
Ted decided to build his own house. It took him five long years. He built the most beautiful house on the block!
Initially, she enjoyed the space and privacy. But later, she developed a cough. She didn't realize how dusty the attic was.
And now the other people had left the bathroom. But now that she was alone, she had no tears left to cry. When she felt better, she left the stall.
She was so excited since it was her favorite singer. Ann finally got to meet the singer and he was very rude. Ann was disappointed since she would never think he was like that.
Seats were assigned by the computer and Dan had to sit in the middle. The flight left on time and arrived early. The cheap flight ended up being worth the discomfort of middle seats.
Finally she found the wildest one. She wore it out to the club. Everyone looked at her funny and she regretted her decision.
She pushed past people and knocked down a fruit stand. She saw the sign for her subway and flew down the stairs. She stopped short at the bottom and watched the train pull away.
Trish likes Chopin while Bob prefers Mozart. The concert played music by Mussorgsky. Trish and Bob both ended up disliking the concert.
He sat there for 15 minutes before leaving. He went to the Dean and asked what happened. The Dean informed him he had mixed up his schedule.
He won several races. He broke two records. The school still has his picture on display.
She got up and brushed her teeth and went downstairs. Whiskers continued to meow at her persistently. Mary finally poured food into the cat's bowl and he purred happily.
He gave us beer and pizza as a reward. I would have preferred money. Helping friends move is terrible and I don't want to do it again.
When she was done, Marge lugged the rolled coins to the bank. There, the teller split open each roll like a tube of dough. Marge collected her money thinking of her hours spent rolling coins.
Sally had split her jeans. She grabbed a shirt and tied it around her waist. Sally had never been so embarrassed.
Her boss explained that Carole's job was cut due to budget issues. Carole went back to her desk to clear her things, stunned. She walked to her car, shaky, but grateful for unemployment.
She made me cake and gave me a present. I opened the present and got a tv. I hugged my mom and then she went home.
At the show, someone gave him a ticket to sit in the second row. The show was magnificent. He will remember that night forever.
She needed an A to pass her class. Clara finally took the test. She got an A .
When it was all done, he wasn't satisfied. Then, he had an idea. He went outside and found some grass to make real bushes.
It was awkward and strange. But the difference was worth it. Now he enjoys smiling more often.
I saw a red truck on the way home from school after class. Then I saw a woman in a red dress. When I got home I told my mom about what I had learned.
However, we still brace every time bad weather brews. Hurricane season is dreaded on the coast. People always take it seriously.
She found them after a year of searching. Emma wasn't very fond of her birth parents or their lifestyle. She became very thankful that she was adopted.
He drank it so fast that he barely tasted it. Unfortunately, the milk was expired. Zack developed an upset stomach from the milk.
He finally had to stop and retrace his steps back home. It took him 2 hours to finally make it back home. Christopher will keep a map in his car from now on.
Abe asked his professor for help. She patiently walked him through some examples. Abe feels much more confident with his clauses now.
They spent an hour browsing different ones. In the end, they didn't watch anything. Amy knows that she needs to have a movie picked out for now on.
After uploading her profile picture, she got lots of messages. All of the messages were lewd or uninteresting. She decided to not use the site again.
Jason does research about alternatives. He decides to subscribe to a new service. Finally, the new internet service is installed.
Bill drank a glass of water. Bill waited for his headache to subside. After ten minutes, Bill no longer had a headache.
Andy showed the owner the traffic Google reported for his keywords. The business owner bought Andy's service. But he sued Andy and since Andy wasn't Incorporated he lost.
This made his job stressful. He decided to quit. He got a salary job and reduced his stress.
The van shifted into neutral and started moving. She drove her shoulder into the van door to stop it. She was sore for a week.
Yolanda sat in the salon chair as the hairstylist worked magic. To her surprise the stylist did not take that much off. Yolanda looked in the mirror and actually liked the cut.
One day she asked for gas money or a cut of the profits. I gave her some gas money but thought that was low. I blamed it on her husband who was mean and stingy.
He played in games but found players in college hit really hard. After a while, he was crying before each game. Michael came home and played football for a community college.
He put the bag in his lap and started to drive home. When he got home he noticed he couldn't get up! The sauce had leaked out and made him stuck!
It was amazing when I downloaded it. It has given me numerous hours of fun. Yesterday I finally beat the game.
She decided to try a whitening toothpaste. After a few weeks of using one, she noticed an improvement. Tia was satisfied with her new, whiter smile.
Damian bought a dog crate to help potty train the dog. He locked her in it when he wasn't around to prevent accidents. After a month, Damian was able to effectively potty train his dog.
She finally convinced her mother to take her. Amy had to shop quickly since her mom was irritated. She found an outfit she liked, but had no time to look for shoes.
They retained lawyers, and met to dispose of the property. Instead, they realized they didn't want to part. The lawyers, however, still submitted their invoices.
Selene had to go and stay with her grandparents in Wyoming. She was very sad and lonely the first year. Selene eventually grew to love her grandparents and make many friends.
Naturally, he decides to save up for a pair of rollerblades. Joey buys the roller blades. His new friends think he is really cool.
She saw a flyer in the paper about Sky Diving. Immediately she was intrigued, so she signed herself up. A day later Annie was jumping out of a plane.
She could see the bus at the stop, so she continued running. She was close enough to touch the bus when it pulled away! Carol limped back home and went back to bed.
The night of the party Sam backed down. He stayed home instead. His friends knew he would do that.
She took Connie to the doctor. The doctor reassured them that Connie just needed glasses. Connie was glad that nothing was seriously wrong.
Then her sister helped her find a solution. Together they cooked up dozens of cookies to give out. Ella's teachers were so happy with her delicious gifts!
She agreed to go but really wasn't looking forward to it. They day of the party she dressed and went to the park. Amy stayed just long enough to make an appearance and hurried home.
Today had been a really bad day because Charlie lost his job. He went to his favorite comedy spot to be cheered up. For a couple of hours at least, he forgot about his troubles.
Mike became annoyed by the knocking and then one day snapped. Mike was caught on camera having an outburst and his life became worse Mike learned that fame came at a big price and was upset.
My son came over and drove us. We had a big brunch and a nice dessert. My wife posted photos on Facebook.
After ordering the gear he waited for it to arrive. When it showed up, he noticed it didn't turn on. He sent his order back and got a replacement.
When she got up in front of the class she started sneezing. Her eyes watered and her allergies prevented her from finishing. Her teacher felt sorry and told her she could reschedule it next week.
He threw the ball at the Snyder's window. There was shattered glass everywhere. The Snyder's demanded that Tommy's parents pay for the damage.
Finally for her 12th birthday they got her a surprise. It was the pony she always wanted. Jane loved having rich parents.
Bob saw his life dramatically improve after this. He attributed this to studying the works of those leaders. Bob found a hobby he enjoyed for much of his life.
Samuel could never seem to do well in Spanish class. He began to watch all of his movies in Spanish. He caught on quickly and is now very good at it.
He would plug his nose from their delicious smell. The business depended on Bill focusing on his burger making. In the end, Bill couldn't handle the pressure and ate burgers.
His mother laughed, how could he have never heard of the game? When everyone arrived, they sat in a big circle and Ian explained. After a few rounds, everyone understood and had a great time.
For gifts they exchanged foods. That way there would be no trace. He gave her chocolates, she gave him skittles.
We got to see many exotic animals. One of them got too close and we all got scared. Luckily our guide kept us safe and the trip was saved.
In order to concentrate, she grabbed her things and went to a library. On her way in, she made sure to stop and grab coffee from the machine. One she had that, she set everything on the table and began to review.
Someone else at the theater politely asked him to turn his volume down. Jerome listened to the person by switching his phone to vibrate mode. Everyone in the theater including Jerome watched the film peacefully.
The iguana sat watching Beth as she watched it. Finally she stepped out of the car and toward the house. The iguana quickly scurried out of sight.
He took some ibuprofen but it did not help. He said he had never had arthritis before. I told him I was amazed by his health.
One day Charles took pictures from the house across the street. The owner came outside and gave Charles a manual for shooting video. Charles read it and the homeowner gave Charles a job on a film crew.
On his way there was a car accident that created a traffic jam. He waited for 30 minutes before he was able to move. When he got to work he apologized to his boss.
But everyone except Jeff bought presents for someone else. Jeff got a gift but felt guilty because he had nothing to give back. Afterwards, Jeff decided to be more generous.
He talked to some guys at the local fish market. One guy said he would take him out the next weekend. They went out and used traps and caught a lobster!
He excitedly ate one. It turned out to be prunes. He spat it into the trash.
They passed the whole day that way. At the end of the day, neither had caught anything. But they both agreed it had been a wonderful day!
Mike swerved and his car slid along a wall. Mike's leg was crushed and in a lot of pain. When he got to the hospital, they saw that it had been broken.
He decided to drink coffee. But it made him feel jittery and anxious. Mike felt so bad that he no choice but to stay in bed.
Finally he goes to a barber. The barber gives Jason a great haircut. Now Jason looks terrific.
Mark started to walk around his new neighborhood, exploring everywhere. Mark soon realized that he was lost! Mark's parents went looking for him and found him soon.
A few minutes after the load started, he remembered his phone. Jake was too late when he ran downstairs to the washing machine. The water had already filled and ruined his phone.
They decided to play in the children's area. And they had fun playing on the swings and going down slides. They decided to use the children's area more often.
Her mother stood over her scowling. Amy meant to clean the mess up before she fell asleep. Her plan had fallen apart.
Alex got out and began pushing the car. While he pushed, Sierra hit the gas. Soon, they were able to get the car free.
Soon she had switched to full decaf. The change was very gradual. Mora found it very easy to do!
After dinner she took him some scraps and bones from dinner. He perked up when he saw the food. He eagerly ate, and happily chewed on the bone for a long time.
The man practiced for hours on his form. When his arm got tired he took a rest. He told himself that was enough bowling for one day.
Her valuable things were all gone. She called the police immediately. Luckily, they caught the thieves a week later.
Cole knew that his math teacher was going to give a test on that day. Cole could not afford to miss the math test. Cole decided that he was not going to take part in the annual cut day.
Her mother took her to the doctor. The doctor gave her some medicine. The medicine helped.
He invited all of his friends and told them to invite others. The day comes and no one shows up. Greg was very unhappy.
She's always so happy, running along. She coos and caws, learning to walk is so much fun. She starts to run and chase her sister.
After explaining the reasoning, the toddler was still curious. However, I told her that we would celebrate her birthday for pretend. Now every time I visit, I have a pretend birthday party with her.
I told him if he was hungry I would buy him food. We walked to a sub shop and I bought him a sub. I did not want him to buy a drink with a handout.
The interview with the hiring manager went very well. Lisa got a rejection letter from the hiring manager. She later learned the manager found her wild pictures on the internet.
At the end of each season, they would gather and can the tomatoes. This year, there had been an especially large harvest of tomatoes. They had a great time attempting to can all of the tomatoes they grew.
So he pulled over expecting the worst. The cop went speeding right past him. Bob was relieved that he wasn't getting a ticket.
Ben saved up the money and called the installers. They came and set up the new furnace. Now Ben's new house was perfect!
They went to the zoo and to Balboa Park. The dined at the local cafe's and stayed overnight at the Doubletree. They were home by the weekend, exhausted but happy.
She had been arrested for drunk driving on her way home. This year Claudette was invited to many parties. She wisely decided to stay home and remain safe and sober.
She drove to work with the coffee between her legs. Suddenly the hot coffee spilled all over her. Karen had to go to the hospital for burns on her legs.
At the audition the other members of the band were blown away. He knew he had made the band. They sounded great together and got a recording contract.
Nothing was coming out. So Nick shook it harder and started hitting it on the back. Suddenly, a huge glob of ketchup came pouring out all over his plate.
At midnight he drove down the freeway at one hundred miles an hour. A police officer saw him and chased him down. But the officer cited Charles for street racing and speeding.
The lady was unresponsive, I started to do cpr on the woman. after 5 minutes of cpr, she started to gasp for air. the lady was awake and thanked me for my help
When her mother wasn't looking, Audrey started pushing the stroller. She pushed the stroller into a rock and bumped the baby. The baby yelled at Audrey all the way home.
These individuals seemed to get all the perks and promotions. Jim decided to take lessons at the country club. Within a year, he was golfing with his boss and up for a promotion.
They all started throwing rocks at each other playfully. Max grabbed a huge rock and threw it as hard as he could. It missed everyone but the light post, knocking out the blocks power.
Therefore, Jeff tried to make a fast pitch. However, Jenny missed the throw and ended up hitting Max. He fell unconscious.
Finally he realizes that he wants to try some carrots. When he gets home, he eats a delicious carrot. Vladimir is happy that he finally is eating vegetables.
She went to the local library after school to check out a book. She searched the books to decide which was best for her. When she couldn't make up her mind she decided to check out 4 books.
At first it was very hard! But she got used to healthy eating soon. After a while, losing weight was effortless!
And was bombarded with Coneheads jokes. Everyone would ask what happened to his head. It became tiresome quickly.
It was Wednesday, no time to thaw a whole turkey overnight. Glen grabbed the last three Cornish game hens for sale in the case. Thanksgiving would be saved after all.
After 3 minutes, the bag exploded. Several burnt pieces of popcorn landed in the microwave. I had to throw everything away.
When Katie found out, she was mad. Kelly told her she was sorry. Katie then didn't feel so badly.
He asked for more. The bartender had to cut him off. He also called him a cab to get home.
The worker told Mitch that there were no more tickets. Mitch slammed a $50 bill on the counter and told him to check again. The worker said that he just found a ticket for him.
Instead of driving his car to work, he walked. Instead of eating high calorie snacks, he ate fruit. By the end of the month, Tim had lost five pounds.
The clothes were amazing. After the show there was an after party. The party was very fun.
An hour and a half later I was still waiting for him. Eventually I called and he said he was right around the corner. By the time he had gotten here I had already eaten.
Next thing I know I got pulled over. The cop gave me a ticket for the infraction. I'll remember from now on to pay attention to it
However, one afternoon he drinks a soda as a special treat. He savors the delicious soda. However, after drinking it, Daniel feels remorse.
It was Lexi's turn to eat canned oysters. And she thought they tasted terrible. Lexi felt too sick to eat anymore.
As it slipped it fell straight to the ground. I was shocked when I looked at the cracks. I sighed relief when I realized it can be fixed.
Marge turned on the overhead light and read until the light dimmed. Marge realized she had drained the car battery. She turned off the light and pretended to be sleeping.
Sue told Ann to let him rot in jail. On the way home, Scott lifts a coffeemaker from a diner. Both Ann and Scott are jailed just across the state line.
He threatened to kill my family if I didn't pay him. I had to sell most of my household belongings to make the payment. In the end, I learned to never again use a loan shark.
He went to the library. Then, he checked the computer for the book. Luckily, he found it on a nearby shelf.
Then, my sharpener broke. I got fed up and decided to buy some mechanical pencils. Now, I didn't have to deal with sharpeners so I was happy!
Kelly agreed. When they got there she forgot how to skate. Luckily Dave was helpful.
However, Chad had to stop for gas as he was going on a trip. As Chad approached the gas station, he noticed the long lines. Unfortunately, Chad had to wait, as he was almost out of gas.
But he was missing one. He was beginning to get frustrated that he would never find it. But then on his birthday, his grandpa surprised him with it!
James refused and went back to bed. Later, his mother woke him again to take a shower. James refused yet again and ignored her.
Later in the day, she drove 4 hours to be back with her friends. She had let them all stay at her house and cook in her kitchen. When she got home, she had another wonderful party with her friends.
The cat seemed nice and Jeff started to pet it on the head. The cat hissed and scratched Jeff on his hand. Jeff realized the cat was a mean cat and regretted petting it.
Jane challenged Nina to a race. Nina accepted the challenge and trained hard for the race. Nina beat Jane in the race.
Caroline agreed and they had a great time at the fair. Caroline noticed she was falling in love with Andy and so was he/ They married after a month.
Yesterday, I convinced her to join my friends and I in a game. She wouldn't admit it, but she had a lot of fun. I will invite her again next time we play.
He turned to the man and threatened him. Before anybody knew it the man being antagonized was dead. The man who shot him smiled and walked away.
It wasn't until later that her boyfriend mentioned how short it was. She thought about it and realized that it was. She was so embarrassed about it.
When he got home, he gorged on his candy. Billy became hyper from all the sugar. After running around for a while, he conked out on the couch.
George could not even get out of his bed. His cat kept him company while he laid in bed. George was able to get over his sickness after a few days.
There, they shopped for hours. kay bought several new outfits. She had a great time on her shopping trip!
She was going to put up flyers. Right when she started her dog popped up. Jane was glad and excited.
One day he decided to recycle his garbage. The next day he took a shorter shower. Ethan knows little things will make a difference.
He got mad when she brought it home. Then, his mother found chocolate vanilla ice cream. Tom and his mother never fought about ice cream again.
For months he just dealt with being in pain. The tooth chipped and he needed two root canals. He ended up having insurance the whole time and suffered with no point
When the smoke cleared he got out and charged at the enemy. A bullet ripped into his arm but he kept running. He fired his rifle and took out the opposing soldier.
Little Billy found a large box. He fabricated a play house out of the box and some Mega Bloks. Finally, Little Billy had a play house.
Oli was great at trivia and he loved playing the game. He began answering almost every question correctly. At the end of the show, Oli had clearly won their game!
He lifted one end of his sofa and dragged it to a new location. He switched paintings on his walls. When he was done the room looked very changed.
Their voices were getting louder and louder. Jordan noticed people were staring at them. She was so embarrassed she decided to leave.
The socks would get crusty from dirt. The night he stayed the night I made him wash his feet. It still stunk.
Sue walked over to see them and gave the mom a hug. The little boy looked up and saw her and said hi. After talking to them, the father came over and hugged her also.
They were all dressed in fancy costumes. Dan was amazed at how synchronized they were. Dan wasn't disappointed in the show.
It turns out she did. The two raced off. Fred ended up winning.
Lucy spotted him outside talking to a girl. The girl kissed him on the lips and left. Lucy was heartbroken.
Sam was crying when he went to tell his mom what happened. Sam and his mom gathered the pieces and glued them back together. Sam smiled as he put the angel back where she belonged.
Sue decided to go get her cosmetology license. She graduated and quickly opened up her own salon. Sue now owns the biggest salon in her state.
They have basket raffles and other prizes. The turnout gets bigger and bigger each year. I love it and can't wait for it to come again this year.
Cam drove to the nearest diner and looked for Joe. Joe was nowhere to be seen. Cam called Joe and Joe said he was at a different diner.
The man concluded that the coin was rigged. He beat another man a lot of money on a coin toss. To his chagrin, the earlier results had been nothing more than chance.
Gary didn't notice however, he was running towards her. He pushed her back and she landed in the pool. Her phone broke since it got soaked.
She had a litter of puppies she was giving away. I decided to take the little male puppy, who couldn't find a home. He happily came to live with me that day.
The children loved that Esther let them to choose their own colors. When the kids weren't looking Esther knocked an egg off the table. She sent the kids upstairs and threw away the broken egg in secret.
A friend advised me to created a detailed plan with steps. I did as she advised. Today I'm happy because procrastination is behind me.
We went to Central Park. We saw a show on Broadway. We showed everyone lots of pictures when we got home.
They were also ruining her flowers. She finally found out how to stop them. Now she has all the vegetables she can eat!
When he pulled out his wallet and it was empty. The worker behind the counter told him he could sing for his food. The man sang and the worker gave him $5 for his song.
I had so much fun Christmas shopping for their presents. I wrapped them up in pretty paper. The kids loved their presents on Christmas morning!
Lily's mom went to put the video on for the little brother. She asked Lily if she knew where it was. Lily joined the search for the video as her little brother cried.
Her husband tried to rush her to the hospital. They couldn't get there in time, though. She had the baby in the car.
So Harris goes to the bar downtown with them. He drank way too much green beer at the bar. Harris threw up, and will never celebrate St Patrick's day again.
Her teacher allowed her to go. But her friends Mary, and Tami wanted to go as well Gina was disappointed because she wanted to go alone.
He then visited an eye doctor to ask about this. The doctor diagnosed him with myopia or nearsightedness. John bought glasses and could see perfectly from then on.
Zola started searching around the cabin. Suddenly, she noticed a big box. Inside, she found an old toy that she had been missing forever.
Then she cooked lots of food for them. All the guests arrived on time. They ate, drank and had a great time at the party!
He has one in each room. Pablo's wife wonders if he's a pyro. Pablo loves fire.
Life on his own turned out to be a lot tougher than he'd expected. He jumped off the bridge on to the freeway below. He managed to kill himself and cause an irritating traffic jam.
I demanded they give me a new burger. The cafe refused. I decided to never return to the cafe.
It covered him from head to toe with room to spare. I quickly became his favorite go to blanket. Thirty three Years later it is still uses it daily.
He didn't argue with his little sister in the car. Finally, his mom pulled into the ice cream parking lot! Ethan had a gigantic vanilla ice!
Jorge asked his neighbors if he could shovel their snow for cash. He worked really hard all weekend. After the weekend was over, Jorge had enough money for his game!
The boat would seem full of gas but after sitting, more could fit. We realized there was an air bubble in the line and it wasn't full. We didn't have problems after that.
But then she observed a vehement anti-American demonstration. The marchers even burned the American flag! Nellie decided she couldn't wait to return home.
The doorbell rang, so we went to see who it was. When we came back, the bacon was missing. Our dog had eaten every last piece!
They all ate dinner. They ate pumpkin pie for dessert. They then socialized and laughed until Rachel went home.
Gina was embarrassed and didn't know if they would return it. She gave the person the receipt and the NyQuil. She was relieved when they refunded her the money for the NyQuil.
After a few days of riding, Marnie kept raising the wheels a little. Frank didn't realize the wheels kept getting higher. Frank was riding without training wheels altogether in only 8 days.
At the last second, she got nervous. She stood in the back of the room to sing. Everyone had to contain their laughter.
One day he met a new kid in town named Billy. Billy challenged Bob to a tennis match. Bob still retained his title.
Jake began getting too competitive. His friends asked him to tone it down but he wouldn't. Jake was eventually asked to stop playing with them.
Frank drank nearly two beers for every one of his friends. Near the end they both could barely stand. Frank was declared the winner while he was passed out in a can pile.
Ann was assigned a soldier, and she sent him a lovely care package. A few weeks later she received a thank-you note. The soldier told Ann that her gift had truly touched his heart.
When I arrived I was surprised to see there were no dogs there. Ziggy still had a good time playing fetch with the tennis ball. Once she was tired we went back home.
He got up and went to read a book. This tired him even more. He fell asleep.
Wren reminded Garth, budding psychologist, of his own mother. Garth suggested Wren wanted to bed her own son, as he did his mother. Wren slapped Garth's smug face before stabbing him with a ballpoint.
It was far too heavy for one arm. She realized she would need to use both hands. She put her phone away, and focused on the basket.
Traffic was so bad we missed our train and took a later one. Our city got another storm while we were in NYC. We got back on Sunday and had a hard time getting home.
The sky turned gray and rain clouds formed. The rains began to fall on the house. Fresh paint dipped away from the house walls.
Jason searched online and found the perfect one for him. He placed his order. Jason received his new laptop in the mail 3 days later.
Jimmy and his dog played in the park. It began raining so Jimmy and his dog walked back home. Jimmy and his dog got home but they were all wet.
All of a sudden he saw a large hump in the water. It was a large whale surfacing for air. Tim was able to pet the whale as it swam nearby.
So he had a banana, eggs, toast, and granola. But during his test, he felt very full. And Tom could barely concentrate.
After a final thrust the mob poured inside. They quickly laid waste to the interior. Their plan had succeeded.
Another friend showed up later with his car. We all drank and had a good time. The late shower tried to give us a ride home and ended up with a dui.
She sent out the invitations and planned the food and drinks. His dad helped keep him busy and brought him to the pool. He was really surprised and did not expect this fun!
She smiled as she watched the story unfold. Amy braced herself as the end of the movie approached. Amy tried to control herself, but still cried when Jennifer died.
However she was also nervous. She got to meet them after the show. Thankfully they were very nice.
He just thought that he should be able to do computer art to be safe. He doesn't need his degree though because is art is very popular. He sells two paintings a week for thousands of dollars each.
It grew to be very huge. Every Spring Everly would pick the lilacs for her house. She never grew tired of the smell of lilacs.
Gas prices were pretty high. George and his friend decided to carpool with each other. They both saved a lot of money driving into work together.
I drank it all by myself. Because of the caffeine, I couldn't sleep for hours. Now I'm more careful about how much tea I drink.
This couch piled with blankets and used tissues would be her grave. Already she could feel her nose dribbling again, the end approaching. But she was saved when her brother returned & tossed a new box to her.
I walked it every night. In the end Toby slowed down and couldn't walk as much. I still dream about him sometimes.
Nancy knew she would eventually recover from his infidelity. She found the courage to confront him the next day. She felt free after letting him know she wouldn't be staying anymore.
But after a few nights spent walking the dogs, he changed his mind. The dogs were hard to walk. Joe decided to find a different job.
All three dogs went after the ball. When they returned, they all had three separate balls. The man stared at the dogs, bemused.
Kristen was mad this Ariana was friends with her boyfriend. Kristen told Ariana to stay away. Kristen looked at her quizzically and rolled her eyes.
She met a man at a bar that owned one. She started dated the man. He let her ride the bike any time she wanted.
Mikey helped her get home to her parents. Her parents rushed her to the doctor and found out her leg was broken. Meghan got a cast on her leg and felt better!
There, he carefully extracted the mannequins, packed in bubble wrap. He propped them up against the wall and started back down the hall. Mikey froze in his tracks as he heard popping sounds from behind him.
We would just hang out and talk about work. I was informed today that the bar and grill was shut down. I guess we'll have to find a new place to go from now on.
He bent down and picked it up. Suddenly, a Hispanic guys taps Charles and asks for the $10! Charles gave it to him but didn't trust it was really his.
Emma loves painting and developing a passion for it. her career as a painter is launched. Emma is very happy with her life as a painter.
Calvin came to the stand and bought a glass. He liked the lemonade so much that he bought four glasses! Becky's lemonade stand was a success.
He started singing to her. Everybody told him to be quiet. The girl was unimpressed by Jake's attempt to impress her.
I walked passed the dog and it bit me. I had to get forty shots to prevent disease. Now I don't like dogs or little boys.
Joe told her there was no way they could buy that dress. Jane told him that he should buy it or she'd get angry. Joe dumped Jane and threw out all the catalogs and magazines.
Instead of asking him to buy them she asked him for money. He gave her money and told her he would wait in the car. Kim bought the cards, and hid them from her parents.
Taylor was afraid she would fail. She studied diligently every day before the test. Taylor got a B+ on her test.
At first, Johann finds it very difficult. Eventually he learns more about how to play. Johann is glad he learned about American culture through basketball.
Finally he went out the door. Luckily when he saw Rita, his nerves calmed. They ended up having a great time.
He went to the doctor. The doctor splinted his finger. The weaver could then continue with his work.
George Bush declared victory after we captured Saddam Hussein. The war continued long after his presidency. The war is still going on.
She smoked all of Brandon's drugs. He punched her in the face and screamed, I'm the king in here! Someone called the police they arrested Brandon.
The boss yelled at Tom for messing up. The crew couldn't fix it and left it for a day. Later that day, a car hit the bad cement and crashed.
Finally she decided to clean it out. A few hours later Pam had a clean organized closet. She felt very good about what she had done.
So he took two online classes one semester. He enjoyed the convenience and comfort of them. So he only took online classes from then on.
Ted raised his hand and offered to help. She accepted his help. Ted fixed the computer and was praised by Mrs Franklin.
I sat in the foot court and read. I was reading a 6,000 page book and had plenty of time. She came back after five hours of shopping.
He caught the thief in the parking lot and took the purse back. The thief drove off before the police arrived. The police took the frightened old lady home - with her purse.
He soon went on a date with a woman from the website The two connected instantly It's safe to say Bill found love
When he brought in another bullet the next day, Jill reported it. The police listened as Jill talked about the dangerous neighborhood. At the boy's home, they found a loaded gun with two bullets missing.
My grandmother told me that good things come to those who wait. Ever since then I've been taking good care of the peach tree. I know someday it'll bear good fruit.
Ben's mom caught him sneaking out and grounded him for a month. Ben felt silly for disobeying his mom after that. He decided it was better to follow the rules then break them.
The CD was covered in scratches! She put the CD into her CD player. Luckily, it still played despite the scratches.
This angered Aaron and he now takes his anger out. Aaron consistently beats the Lions. Aaron is the nemesis of Lions fans.
But Anita was apprehensive because dealers took advantage of women. She had an idea, take a guy friend with her. Anita made an awesome no money down deal on a new sports car.
She texted all of her friends. They weren't replying quick enough. Gina sat glassy eyed wanting, and waiting to leave.
One of the boards had nails left in it. Her cousin thought it would be funny to scare her. When he popped out she jumped and a nail drove into her foot.
She ended up impressing everyone. When Rene was done with the lessons she had a recital. She got a standing ovation.
She felt secure when they state it would be mild. When she got home she turned on the news to find out about the storm. She was shocked to find the storm was upgraded to a mild hurricane.
Jake set up a date with her. When Jake sobered up he saw her ugly picture Jake made up an excuse to cancel the date.
Sasha's first arrow went straight into the ground in front of her. The teacher corrected her, and Sasha didn't give up. By the end of the class, she managed to get a bullseye!
When they were all together, he suggested they play basketball. They agreed and broke up into teams. Then, they played for the next hour.
We drove to a nice park. My husband and daughter chose which park table we would sit at. Our family ate a nice picnic lunch.
The doctor told me to go for a jog more often. Every day, I jogged as long as I could. After a few weeks, I started to feel much better.
Eli searched everywhere but couldn't find her. Baylee had fallen asleep and didn't hear Eli calling. Eli woke his parents, who eventually found Baylee in the washer.
After meeting with the recruiter, Arnold took time to make a decision. After some time contemplating, Arnold decided he would join the Army. Arnold felt proud to become a member of the Army.
Dashing out the door, he drove like a maniac to the local florist. He almost got hit by running a red light, but he made it home. When his wife arrived, he was ready with flowers, dinner, and a kiss.
It was costing me a lot of money to replace it so often. I wrote him a note asking him to buy his own. The next day I noticed he had bought his own.
Bill took a long shot at the net. The goalie dove at the ball but missed. The ball bounced off the post and flew out of bounds.
She went to the mall. There, she tried on a lot of stuff. Finally, she bought some things.
Paula answered the ad because she felt a calling from God. She began to teach the Kindergarten class and taught four years. She got more out of the class than she ever thought she could.
Toisanese has become less used over the years. Many Chinese immigrants speak Mandarin. I bought a program to try to learn Mandarin.
Jimmy asked if she needed anything and she was very rude. When she got her food, she said it tasted bad and spit on the floor. Jimmy's boss told the woman to leave after that.
Her mother had Janine drink tea and take Tylenol for her fever. Janine also took a lot of naps. When the party guests began to arrive, Janine was feeling better!
With the spot chosen the detailed planning begins. Everything is booked. The day arrives and the trip begins.
After recruitment, he goes through many tough weeks of training. Soon after training, he is immediately deployed overseas. Mike has found his true calling.
When they went they ate at famous restaurants. However Tina ended up getting sick. Tina couldn't go back.
Then she buried them all in as shoebox in her yard. Twenty Years later, she went back and dug them up. She read through her old letters and reminisced happily.
Jake wanted to think of a way to show off his new talent. He planned on going to a juggling class, just to brag about his skill. However, he quickly realized he was not as skilled as he had thought!
So she used strong dish soap and a heavy duty sponge to wash them. But she ended up ruining the vegetables. Ellie insisted that they had to be thoroughly cleaned however.
London waited until her doctor approved exercise. Once she was in the clear she began working out daily. She was so happy watching the weight melt off.
I remember my first time riding on the street, I was so nervous! Luckily, I calmed my nerves and drove perfect, following all rules. Not to long after that day I was able to get my license.
It took him six months, but he saved enough. He took his wife to Bermuda. Fred had the time of his life.
I tried to walk away from them but they started threatening me. When I left, I spoke to the police about them. The police spoke to the men and made them leave.
Unfortunately, his car breaks down just outside of the shop. Dylan walks home as his car is towed away. Dylan later got a new car and never forgot an oil change again!
Surprisingly voters thought it meant he was a strong leader. He continued to get higher in government. Eventually a big scandal ruined his career.
Jenny had hundreds of books. One day she noticed her shelves were all full. Jenny decided she still wanted to buy more books.
He started working out everyday. He gained 20 pounds of muscle in 6 months. He was now as big as his brother.
No, he made a mistake! Calmly, he took a breath and tried again. He finished off superbly!
This morning when the sun came up the rooster was very loud. The rooster woke me up. I decided not to get any big roosters in the future.
She called him back inside and fastened a necktie on him. Then she told him he looked good enough for an interview! Adam left, feeling much more confident.
He called his friend and decided to go anyway. Steven really enjoyed himself at the concert. Steven looks forward to going to future concerts.
I took him to his changing table. I changed his diaper really fast. When it was over, he smelled much better.
One day Sean was trying to eat dinner. He heard the couple shouting and fighting loudly. Finally, he asked them to keep it down.
One day he decide to ask his friend Jarvis for help. Jarvis helped David learn to surf for two days every week. Soon David became a surfing expert.
Kayla asked him for a list of acceptable names. Together they reached a compromise. Now Kayla had a baby name they both liked.
She graduated college five Years ago and recently applied to TMZ. The celebrity news show hired her as a reporter. But she turned them down because she didn't have a car.
But she could rollerblade, so she thought it would be easy. But Kelly had been wrong! She fell five times in her first hour of ice skating!
She brought a can of house paint from the garage. The girls painted the doll house and left it in the yard. Lisa's grandmother yelled at them when she saw the mess they made.
After that is over with the friends hang out on the beach. They start a fire when the sun goes down. They sing, play guitar and drink some beer.
They approached everyone on the streets of nearby blocks. One person said he thought he saw a pig running up the block. They drove up the block and found a party charbroiling a whole pig.
The taxi driver greeted me and gave me his name. I greeted him back and gave him the money for the ride. I got off after 10 minutes since the taxi arrived at my job.
She put some feed in her hand. Then she stretched her palm out towards the chickens. But to her dismay, they pecked her hand!
The owner of a record label wanted to give him a deal as an artist. He became extremely excited to meet up with the person. He offered Billy a multi-million deal.
Chris contacted a travel agent once he could afford it. Finally, the tickets arrived in the mail. Chris enjoyed his vacation very much!
But he accidentally blew off the tip of his thumb! Screaming, he ran for help. Ed vowed never to touch fireworks again.
Dan immediately got distracted staring at her. It was twenty seconds before he realized the teacher had gone quiet. The science teacher smiled at him knowingly.
He arrived at the office, still unsure which lie to tell. The secretary remarked that she was glad he'd gotten their message. The interviewer was running late, too, and Tom was in the clear.
Soon there were lots of snowflake all around her. Katie caught some snowflakes on her tongue. She played in the falling snow until dinnertime.
She planned and drew out her design. It took her a very long time, but finally she was done. Everyone agreed her pumpkin was truly the best.
Her mother gave her her card to buy more online. She decided to get a spare pair just in case. With expedited shipping she spent $50 more than she was supposed to.
At the end of the concert I talked to his girlfriend. She was happy to see someone showing up to support him. I told her it was a good concert.
He got a job with a friend's company building houses. Adam did a good job. Adam got a raise for doing such a good job.
His coach finally decided to put Sam in the game one night. Sam was so excited that he ran past the other team with the ball. He ended up scoring a touchdown!
He took the dog to the veterinarian when it didn't get better. The vet said there was nothing he could do. Sam had to put the dog down.
There they found an abandoned canoe. They pushed it out into the lake. Ella and Jay had a great afternoon paddling the canoe!
One Friday afternoon, her father came home with great news. He won a free stay at a local hotel. The family spent the weekend at the hotel and had a great time.
Then, they used paint rollers to cover the walls. After that, they put on a final finishing coat. When they were done, the room was a nice yellow color.
All of a sudden, a masked man pointed a gun at him. The masked man took off with Jared's wallet. Jared couldn't get a movie anymore so he went back home.
He fell on the scissors. He cut his arm badly. Ernie will never run with scissors again.
The puppy got out of the kennel when Doug was a work. The puppy chewed Doug's couch. Doug was now shopping for a new couch.
Finally he realized he was very hungry. He sat at the table where a bowl of soup was sitting. His mother said since he was late he'd have to eat it cold.
Barry left 20 minutes early to catch the train. However, the train did not reach on time. Barry decided that he would not take the train to work again.
Jessica apologized and offered to get them new food. The people just drove away. Jessica had to clean the food off the ground.
By the time he woke up it was already night. He decided to stay in bed. And just slept all the way until the next morning
She bought every newspaper and search diligently for savings. Cady went to the store and used all her coupons that she had. When she saw all the money she saved, she vowed to always clip coupons
After giving a blood sample, I walked into the waiting room. The doctor came in and talked about the results. I found out that my hemoglobin was low.
I ignored them and wound up falling some nineteen feet. I was very bruised, but I was also happy to be alive. I haven't climbed since and think of that fall as a lesson learned.
The entire family made it outside, but no smoke could be seen. Chris waiting for the firemen and when they arrived they went inside. They came out quickly, the alarm was from a dying battery, not fire.
She began to sweep the mess out her open front door. While she was sweeping, a bird flew into her house. Sarah chased the bird from her home and closed her door.
She thought she would be terrible. As a gift however her parents got her a guitar. She was very thankful.
Boot camp was hard and the drill instructors yelled at us constantly. The experience challenged me both mentally and physically. At the end of boot camp I was proud to have become a Marine.
I loved Jo very much for many years. She was a faithful companion till the day that she died. She died peacefully in her sleep.
One day she lost it while at a party. She looked for it all day. She was very saddened when she couldn't find the ring.
Instead, it landed up on the roof. Michael decided to climb up to get it. Luckily, he was able to find it.
I caught a flounder on my first cast. We threw it in our cooler to weigh and eat that night. When other fishermen came we told them it was the biggest fish ever.
He ran around the store and placed stickers on everything for fun. Customers were confused and thought that everything was free. The manager on duty was powerless to stop people from taking food.
To his surprise when he bought stock it went up 5%. Tim was elated. He immediately called his broker to buy some more.
The pilots said hello to her. Lilly looked out the windows at the land below. She smiled and laughed in excitement at how high they were.
She immediately ran after it. It turned out to be a golden pendant. Rachel hired an expert to evaluate the pendant's value.
Mariah glued pieces of glitter all over it. She wore the new dress to a Holiday party. Mariah was ecstatic when everyone told her how pretty it was.
The man told Brian that he really liked Brian's shoes. Taken aback, Brian thanked the man for his kind words. Brian resolved to compliment a stranger later that day.
The character was from her favorite TV show. She actually found herself laughing at the commercial. It really did make her want to shop at that store.
Eventually, the man got deep feelings for her. She got so uncomfortable, because he was taking it too far. She broke it off and left him soon after.
One morning he woke up with a snake in his sleeping bag. After carefully observing the snake he concluded it was non-venomous. Louis carefully moved the snake and went about his day.
My trainer insisted that I don't lock out my knee in the leg press. I decided not to listen to his advice. I locked out my knee and it snapped in half under the pressure.
Everyone was dazzled by my brilliance when I spoke like Einstein. One day someone apparently smarter than me asked me what it meant. I had to admit, to my shame, that I had no idea.
We invited them over for a pool party. To our amazement, one of the women stripped and jumped in naked! We were even more shocked when her son did the same thing.
Gina called her friend Tami and asked her opinion. Tami felt she had a number of options and detailed them all. Gina and Tami talked about the boys all night long.
Jane warned him about sharks, but he wouldn't listen. He surfed for hours. Then a great white shark bit in him half.
He kept criticizing his ideas. And after several hours, he only had a few sentences on his paper. But Henry could not help being so critical.
But Ron had been practicing. Earl was overconfident. And Ron ended up winning.
Her friend Beth was an honor student and agreed to help her out. They studied together every night for the rest of the semester. With Beth's help Ashley was able to pass her English class.
There were still a few that I could never find. And there were some strips that had never been in a collection. Finally, ,my parents gave me a big leather-bound complete collection.
I wrote a three minute script about food preparation. I submitted my audition tape to the OWN network. I didn't win with Oprah but I have my own cooking show on YouTube.
Everybody was on board and they started planning. Three months later the group set off from New York. They rode their bikes all the way to California and back in a year!
But Jill narrowly edge out Jack to win. Jack pouts for a week after his sister wins. He finally apologizes for his behavior and congratulates her.
After ten minutes he had enough. He ran the red light and got pulled over by a cop. The cop issued him a 200 dollar ticket.
He planted them in little pots. He took care of them just like she told him to. In two weeks he had little seedlings to plant in the spring.
Todd decided to check the oil. He realized there was no oil! Todd added oil and now his car works!
The first flake fell as I watched the sky. I was so excited I almost cried. I put on my jacket and went outside to enjoy the winter wonderland.
Ed spotted an alligator. When he stood up for a better view the canoe tipped over. They quickly swam to the shore before the alligator noticed them.
It was a rock. I complained to the waiter. She gave me a coupon for a free meal!
He dropped them as he got in and out of his truck. Richard decided to lie to his boss about losing the packages. Richard's boss believed him, but Richard felt guilty for a long time.
My husband and I both ordered the fish and got ill. The diagnosis in the emergency room was food poisoning. We reported the restaurant to the health department.
I decided to go out for food while waiting for her. Once I arrived at this special restaurant, I took my order. At the same time, I noticed that Anna was eating food with somebody.
Kate sat and pouted, thinking of what she could do. After a minute, her mood cheered right back up. Kate took out her favorite movie and started watching it.
Harry entered a competition to win a hundred dollars. He trained for three weeks and became much stronger. Harry won the competition along with the hundred dollars cash prize.
We spent the next two months training vigorously. Finally, marathon day was upon us. My friend and I finished in 100th & 101st places out of 3,000 people!
The secretary smiled at her, then laughed excitedly. The secretary was Emma's best friend from elementary school! Both girls had a wonderful time working with each other.
One of the teachers jumped onto a folding card table. The table folded under his weight and he fell off of it. He was okay, but everyone was laughing.
When, Jake's diet didn't work, he began to exercise. Jake lost all the weight he wanted to lose. All of his friends are proud of Jake.
One day her boss was mean to her and Andy decided to change. She bought a new wardrobe and had a makeover. Her boss liked her new look and treated her with respect.
They let us pick our own lobster. They all looked like good choices. Eventually my dad picked his favorite.
He would always chew gum during the games. During a press conference he was asked why he chews gum. He calmly replied that it makes him play better.
It destroyed half the town. Houses were lifted off the ground. Christmas will never be remembered the same.
She tried an Indian place for the first time. Lee woke up the next day vomiting. She is now afraid to try Indian food again.
He laid down his printout next to his lab notes. The lab table was wet and now the papers were wet. Sam shook water off the paper and tossed it out.
She walked aimlessly. Eventually she was too dehydrated. They found her body months later.
She thought it was way too lovely of a day for no one to be out. That is when she noticed a huge wave coming for her. The high tide was about to hit her and she couldn't get away.
But when it was time to pay, she realized something awful. She had forgotten her checkbook at home! Ada was forced to leave the grocery store empty-handed.
Erin took his computer to a repair shop. The repair man fixed his computer but charged a lot of money. Despite paying a lot of money, Erin was happy he finished his homework
He cut the paper into squares and circles. He then glued the shapes on to a large white paper. Ray's teacher was impressed with his cutting skills.
He worked for 8 hours. He was so excited to leave, He went to the bar after
Her daughter smiled and babbled. Jane knew that her maternity leave would be over soon. She promised herself to cherish every walk with her daughter.
The other followed suit. After a while they came to a steep incline. The second boy was going too fast and fell off his bike.
Thankfully she was given a pass. The beef tasted amazing. It was the best she ever tasted.
Really, she was a girly girl and just liked domesticity! But that didn't stop Kate from pursuing her dream. She knew what she wanted to teach - home economics!
The show was great and when it was over, Lee went backstage. She got all nervous waiting for Justin. When she met him, she knew she would never forget.
The other day I went to buy beer and she made me wait. She told me you can't sell beer legally for another two minutes. I waited patiently but still she gave me a scowl.
When she woke up in pain she thought it must be the flu. By the time the sun came up she knew she needed a doctor. The next sunrise never came for Sara or her baby.
She didn't love her job, but it paid the bills for the time being. The tension between them had gone unnoticed until then. Noticing how things had been, they were now wiser and relieved.
One day, Dwayne decided to approach the old man with kindness. He prepared a lunch for two and brought it over as a surprise. The old man was touched and a new friendship was born.
One day, he brought a really cool toy to school. The kids invited him to play with them. Randall gladly shared his toy with his new friends.
Billy decided jump in his leave pile. When he went inside, his mom noticed he was covered in ticks. She told him to not play in leaves anymore.
But, after only two miles, we heard a loud pop from the engine. We were forced to stop the car and had to call for a wrecker. It was the shortest road trip we ever took.
But each one Beth saw was too expensive to buy! Then Beth had another idea. She knitted her mom a warm homemade sweater for free!
His friend John talked to her for Ryan. The girl also thought Ryan was very cute. Because of John, Ryan and the cute girl are going on a date.
He walked next door and asked his friend if he could borrow his. His friend allowed him to borrow and Vince walked back home. Vince finished the shed and then returned the shovel to his friend.
One night, she heard footsteps and was soon attacked by an assailant. She got away and called the police immediately. She decided to pay more for outside parking and carried weapons.
She said that I wasn't tall enough to join her team. Therefore, she picked Jill. Since both teams had enough people, I had to leave.
He ate half on his way to school. He ate the other half on the way home from school. He threw it all up when he got home.
There he studied finance. By graduation he owned three apartment buildings. He came home rich and his friends were still the same.
But he tried many times and failed. Then he checked himself into an intense rehab. With its help, Sean has been sober for nine years!
It was a neighborhood competition for best decorated house. My mom lost last year. But this year she won.
She couldn't afford to move, either. She tried to blow the train up, but failed. Ava's found it's quite a bit quieter in prison.
For many years, he would get scared from loud noises. I decided to take him to therapy. After many years, he overcame his PTSD!
One day, there was a terrible storm in town! All of the stores were forced to close for days! Tony ran out of bacon and was forced to eat different food for once!
He loved riding the rides even more. He saved up for months just to go. He was heartbroken to hear it was shut down this year.
About halfway to his work, John rear-ended another driver. Frustrated, John stormed out of his car. When he got the other driver, he saw it was his boss staring at him.
She said her little brother broke it. Her brother was grounded. She never got in trouble.
The bus driver drove the bus to the police station. When the police entered the bus, there was only 5 passengers. The detective believed that the murderer got away somehow.
He saw a famished puppy looking for food. Jake took the puppy inside his home and fed it. Jake kept the puppy and raised it as his pet.
His landlord did not believe him. Randall has used this excuse three times. He is getting an eviction notice from his landlord.
She was going home as soon as her last exam was over. When she got home, everyone was waiting. It was the best welcome.
Then she dusted all the furniture, woodwork, and pictures. Millie cleaned the bathrooms, which is never fun. She sat down when finished to rest.
Sarah fell down many times the first time she tried. She eventually got the hang of it. She was able to climb all the way to the top of the wall at her gym.
Her boyfriend took her to a crazy mirror house. When she saw herself everywhere she looked she started panicking. Misha will never look at a mirror ever again.
He learned about toast sandwiches online. So he decided to make one. But Sal's sandwich craving was not satisfied.
He accidently threw the frisbee over the fence. Todd jumped over the fence to look for his frisbee. He found it and decided he needed to practice more often.
Kim reluctantly went anyway, as she was already dressed and ready. To her chagrin, he took her to McDonalds and offered the dollar menu. She was so upset, she immediately made him take her home.
He decided to deliver sports for a few months to save money. He managed to save enough for a great tux and limo. On prom night, Pat and Maria were the fanciest couple there!
Our baby used the bathroom and needed a diaper change. Instead of rushing home we asked a fellow parent if they had one. The kind parent did and we were able to stay and enjoy the day.
One day she met Paula. They played cards for hours together. Polly and Paula are best friends now.
She went to her local Staples. She tried various chairs. She purchased a black office chair with great back support.
She put a pretty speckled egg in her pocket for her box of treasures. Later, Jenny showed the box of treasures to her friend. The egg broke as the friend held it up, spilling out a stinky mess.
When I confessed, she said that she's not interested in anyone. A week later, she got together with another friend. I decided to lose contact with her.
Ivan looked online for answers. But both of his options seemed equally good. He spent so long deciding that he decided to decide tomorrow.
So she started drinking seltzer water. But now she burps all the time. Her friends call her seltzer Sally now.
One of his friends confronted him about it. Matt got defensive and angry. They stopped being friends.
He went to the library and got paired with a tutor. The tutor explained all the concepts to him in a easy way. Sam was able to pass the class with flying colors with the extra help.
Joey's mom said she'd get another box when the first was empty. The next day, she found an empty box in the cupboard. In the trash, she found the cereal.
She claims it's due to her teachers. However the effort shows that she's not trying hard enough Today she received her report card and was rather disappointed.
They sent me a pen with my store's name on it. It was a pen, stylus and a flashlight. I thought about buying a batch but decided the cost was too high.
Afterwards, the audience applauded loudly. Her parents were very proud. Susie won the talent show.
She stopped drinking Coca-Cola everyday. She felt terrible after going through withdrawals. Mary felt healthier and more energized after quitting soda.
His father drove the boy out of town. Gina felt bad he had to leave. But she felt safer without him around.
She added a note for Abigail and gave it back for her birthday. Every year the two friends passed the card back and forth. Many years later the card was covered in notes from their friendship.
She finally decided to go to the store to buy a pair. She found some cute black ones. Jane bought them and went home.
Jake immediately answered his phone when it rang. The person on the other line turned out to have dialed a wrong number. Jake's interviewer had forgotten about the interview.
He baked the gingerbread house sides and roof. Colorful candies were frosted to the house. Otis ate half the house before the end of the day.
On the trail in front of her was a rattle snake. Her father told her to run but her legs would not move. Her dad came and carried her to safety.
Mom invited her best friend to travel with her. They had drinks, enjoying the evening. The doctor appointment was missed.
Both boys wanted to watch different movies. Soon, they started to argue with each other. Finally, their parents picked a movie for them.
But he had not realized it was the rainy season! It rained the whole week he was in Suva. Neil did not enjoy his trip at all!
I wouldn't eat or clean myself up. Desperate for answers I went to the doctor. I learned that I had Depression.
She loved the way it looked around her neck. Stacey proceeded to buy the necklace. However when it cost a thousand dollars, she no longer wanted it.
She was out of the ingredients. Kelly was so mad. She had to go to the store to get some.
After purchasing her produce, she went home. She prepared her salad and sat at the table to give it a taste. Briana was very satisfied with how her salad tasted.
He asked his dad for help. Joe's dad borrowed him a lovely tie. Joe looked very nice at dinner in his borrowed tie.
She finally decided to do a fitness competition. She worked out every day and modeled. Cindy won first place in the competition.
He arrived late to work everyday. His boss decided to buy him a clock. After that he was no longer late.
He peddled as fast as he could while going towards the cliff edge. His goal was to stop right before the cliff for an adrenaline rush. The cliff is called Dave's Mistake now.
His family made him participate in family game night every week. This week he had to play Monopoly. Three hours in and Max still hates board games.
He made pancakes, bacon, eggs, and hashbrowns. Arthur had never tasted something so delicious! Alfred was praised for his great cooking skills.
He took her to dinner and fidgeted nervously. Finally he summoned up enough nerve to pop the question. And to his shocked joy, Melanie accepted joyously!
The zookeepers knew they had to do something. They all got together, sedated the bear, and gave it a makeover. Then, the bear was beautiful and everyone was happy!
He rode the same bus as she did. But he wasn't on the bus today. She would have to wait until recess.
Yet Lucy wore bright red. It was so bad the photographer didn't want her in photos. Lucy wore that on purpose.
She didn't appreciate the humor. She reported me to the boss for harassment. He gave me until noon to pack my desk and leave.
He carefully measured, mixed the batter, and poured it in a pan. When the cake was baking, it rose over the top of the pan. John realized he had used the wrong amount of baking powder.
One day he realized he was getting too old to continue dancing. Trey decided his next performance would be his last. After his final performance, everyone cheered loudly for him.
One day his boss announces to the company that Phil is promoted. It is the best day of Phil's life. Now Phil works even harder.
He begged his mom to get the puppy, but she didn't want a dog. Christmas finally came and George started to open presents. He heard a bark from a box and was ecstatic to find it was the puppy.
He books his tickets and plans his trip. Mark goes on all the  rides and meets all the characters. He has the best trip ever.
Doris watches her granddaughter while the baby's mother works. Doris always says hi to my wife and myself. For Christmas Doris kindly baked us some bread.
She wondered how she would handle the accusations. She decided to respond with class, not defensively. The teacher had only wanted to say that Ernie had made the honor roll.
He told her he had  a warrant for her arrest. She was shocked because she did not think she had done anything wrong. The policeman said she needed to just pay her parking tickets.
When all her clothes were dirty, she went to the laundromat. She sat there for hours doing the wash. Ana was relieved when she finally finished.
She waited for months to see it. When it opened she went with her best friend. She was disappointed that it was a terrible movie.
Stanley transferred 20k from his his CITI account. He deposited money into his Smith Barney account. Stanley showed them the stubs to prove they were wrong.
After she was done, she anxiously waited for the dough to rise. Finally, when she was done waiting, she began to cook the bread, Unfortunately, when she checked on the bread later, she burned it bad.
So, I faked an illness and said I need medical attention. They called the ambulance to come and get me. After I left the hospital, I went home.
She called her parents. They told her she needed to go out and meet people. Ally realized they were right, and went out to make friends.
Tim looked through his tool box for the screwdriver. Alas, all Tim had was a flat head screwdriver. He tried to install it with his fingers but ultimately failed.
Patty and her friends went to the graveyard with a ouija board. They tried contacting spirits and nothing really happened. She went back to her parents and told them it's all a bunch of lies.
I got so sick, that I went to the hospital the next day. I was completely embarrassed because I had to call my parents. I vowed to never drink again after that.
Finally the day came and Johnson broke up with his girlfriend. Johnson moved into a small apartment of his own. Even though he was lonely, he was glad was no longer with her.
A spider scurried out! Leah screamed and ran upstairs. Leah never went into that closet again.
They were close to divorce and decided to go to counseling. After many sessions, the counseling started working. They rebuilt their relationship and became happy.
He walked up and down the streets of Manhattan. On his last day, he felt like something was missing. He hurried to a cart and ordered a hotdog in triumph.
She went to the movies with them, acting brave. That night she had horrible nightmares. She would never go to another scary movie!
Finally, she had enough money. She had her eye on a video game. She went to the store and bought it.
They began talking about all of the changes they would make. Ruth started to become upset, and asked them to leave. She decided to keep the house instead.
One day one of his victims found out about Dan He called the FBI Dan was sent to jail
She refused to believe she could possibly be getting a cold. The next day she woke up feeling even worse. Kim went to the doctor and was diagnosed with the Flu.
Tor had a knack for gymnastics. His specialty was the triple beam balance. He dreamed of one day being in the Olympics.
Another player insulted him through the game's voice chat. Phillip was infuriated! Phillip was so angry that he turned off his xbox console.
One day Bill came home to find Dan in his home, with Bill's wife. Dan and Janice, Bill's wife, informed him of their relationship. Bill stormed out and never spoke to Dan or Janice again.
Everything was beautiful. I found the MacBook Pro which I loved. I ended up purchasing that.
One day all of her guppies and goldfish disappear! She had no idea where they went until she saw her cat! Her cat had gotten into the water and eaten all her fish!
One day, she got the letter telling her if she had earned it. She opened it nervously. To her delight, she had won the scholarship.
One day, he worked up the courage to ask a coworker to lunch. His coworker agreed. John and his coworker soon became friends.
One day, his friend hears him playing. He invites Bradley to join his band. Now, Bradley performs all over the world!
The people in the competition were much better than him. He made it through the first round and lost in the second. He still had a great time at the competition and kept dancing.
That night, Scott's foot became very swollen. Scott was unable to walk the next morning. For two weeks, Scott used crutches to help him walk.
At the vineyard she samples many red and white wines. Her visit has inspired her to learn even more about wine. Melinda feels very happy that she visited a vineyard.
Maria used her knitting skills to make Christmas presents. Her friends and family loved the gifts she knitted for them. Maria was very proud of herself.
Ed built a fire with twigs and sticks. They lit it and sat around it contentedly. Emma thought the fire was very romantic.
Suddenly, a huge duck appeared. The duck began making scary noises and chased them. The girls all ran away screaming.
However, her father loved and encouraged her behavior. For father's day, Patricia made her dad a card. It had a hand-drawn owl and the words "Owl always love you!"
Most of the birds he saw were very familiar to him. Then he saw one he had never seen before. Standing on a branch far away he could see a beautiful eagle.
However, the phone was not in her budget to purchase for her. Amanda told her daughter the unfortunate news, but got an attitude. Amanda decided as punishment, that she would get no Christmas gifts.
To please them, she made their favorite dish, baked beans. They ate many servings of Anna's delicious baked beans. Then they complimented Anna on her great cooking skills!
She fortunately had temporary dentures placed on her gums. When Kristen got home she took two painkillers and slept. This evening she ate a huge bowl of vegetable soup for dinner!
I decided to cut down on my heating expenses. I turned off the heater and used candles to warm the house. Now, my heating bill was zero dollars!
Finally he sees that he has an egg left. He fries an egg and eats it immediately. Javier feels much better after eating an egg.
Since he was dizzy, his car swayed back and forth. Eventually, he ran into another driver. The driver called the cops to report the case.
It is still sitting in my kitchen. I can't use it to bake with because it isn't a pie pumpkin. I am going to use it for a great Thanksgiving table decoration.
She spent countless nights at the paper perfecting everything. Finally she ended up getting the position. Kelly couldn't be more happier.
His favorite song is called The Old Rugged Cross. Last Sunday his wife surprised him with a party for his birthday. We all sang The Old Rugged Cross instead of Happy Birthday.
Ida studied the recipe and followed it exactly. When her sister visited, they enjoyed the fresh bread together. Ida was very happy to do something so special for her sister.
May had news. She wasn't going to be at the same school as Amy. Amy cried because she would miss her childhood friend.
One day, a customer called the manager over to his table. He plucked a long blonde strand from his plate of food. Amy stood looking sheepish among the dark-haired girls in hair nets.
One day, we got the idea to try to get inside of it. We snuck out one night and tried to get in. Our parents caught us and called my phone, so I went home.
Rosie stocked up on all of the essentials. She even was able to get a few extras. Rosie had a successful trip to Walmart.
Mandy took a seat in first class and relaxed in the comfortable seat. The flight attendant offered her an array of food and drink options. Mandy was very pleased and felt she could get used to this.
I stay at the house and have friends over. Marcy calls me crying to say she is sorry. But i have moved on and am now in a relationship with someone else.
He took up extra shifts at his job. In 2 months he was able to save up enough. Steven was able to play with his ps4.
Tina originally thought it was expensive. Yet on the contrary she found it was well worth it. Tina couldn't wait to return.
She got to work putting all the ingredients together. She put it into the oven. When it was done, she accidentally dropped it on the floor.
He changed around some stories and wrote an original poem. His producer was very confused by the broadcast when it aired. Ray finished his segment and took a bow.
It was Spot's first time at the park. Alice and Spot played fetch all day. They had a wonderful time.
IHOP was serving free pancakes that day. We had pancakes plus dinner. We were stuffed but happy.
He and Jerry have spent the afternoon searching Ebay for it's value. Unfortunately Nate doesn't have any of the really rare cards. Jerry convinces Nate that his cards are not worth selling.
At first the just laughed together and didn't mind. But a boy walked by and told Ashley he liked her outfit. Brittany and Ashley have been enemies for three minutes.
To participate in the games, you had to recite a scripture. Tabitha wanted to play, but she didn't go to church. Luckily, her friend helped her learn one and Tabitha was able to play.
However they decided they were going to stay together. A year later Ally got a job offer from where her boyfriend lived. She broke the news to him that she was going to be moving.
The family soon decided to get a large cat. The cat soon found the rat hiding in his spot. Now, the rat who was once fast, is no longer allowed to roam.
Everyone saw and laughed. Sam was embarrassed. He went to class with his head down.
At the recital, he made a few mistakes. But everyone clapped. When it was over, he thought about the mistakes he made over and over.
A man approached him and asked if he was Daren. The man confessed to misleading Daren into thinking he was a girl. Darn thought he was cute anyway so he went with the date.
Then in the spring, an amazing thing happened. The tree in Theo's yard produced hundreds of cherries! Theo was able to eat cherries all summer long!
Her mother told her to not be lazy and get a job. Paulette got a job being a stripper. Her mother cried regretting she told her to get a job.
He worked on it for two weeks before he asked for help. His friend Max came to help Todd finish the roofing project. Together they finished the roof and it looked amazing.
The topic was about his favorite food. He finished it and presented it the next day. Everyone loved his food choice and he got a good grade.
She saw that it was a diamond ring! Kylie took the ring to get appraised. The jeweler told her it was worth three thousand dollars!
Then she realized that she didn't have enough left. For a moment she was not sure what to do. Then, she decided to add some hot cocoa powder.
He refused to confess to anything and demanded a lawyer. The detective in the room told him he can see a lawyer in a few hours. Ike decided to stop talking and wait until he could get a lawyer.
However, she was surprised by how many people she met there. It wasn't long before Hannah had made the best friends of her life. Her first year of college has always been a cherished memory.
There is no road to the village so I had to hike there. It was a long, difficult climb to the top. Although it was hard, it was a beautiful trip.
Last week I accidentally recorded over it. He got really upset and yelled at me. I think that's why he decided to leave us.
She decided to try one. She answered all of the questions. At the end, she filled out her info.
She had tried to feed her. Cathy finally found a hair around the baby's toe. She was relieved to find that the hair was the culprit.
Embarrassed, Tara told Karen that she couldn't go because she was busy. On the way to the mall, Karen saw Tara playing the park with her dog. Karen vowed to never ask Tara to the go shopping ever again.
It was caught early and a simply surgery could solve the problem. Sam was nervous as the doctor prepared him for the surgery. Same woke up in the recovery room feeling happy it was over.
However unfortunately the kids got tired. As a result they stopped cooperating. Finally they had to stop shooting.
One day he showed all his drawings to his mom. She told him some were good and some weren't. His mom tore up the ones she thought were bad, and made him draw more.
But a chair in front of the door kept it closed for Years. She had forgotten the closet was there. Until the chair was moved, and the door was opened once again.
But, in his spare time he started baking carrot cake cupcakes. In fact, they were delicious and everyone wanted one or even two! Now, my father plans to open a cupcake shop as a new career!
John was disappointed. Then he remembered the local roller rink was open. He went and had a blast.
He got out and noticed a pothole on the street by his house. Later that week, Dave went to the store and bought some supplies. He returned home and fixed the pothole by his driveway.
Then he asked her some very hard questions. Alice thought for sure she didn't get the job. To her surprise, she did get the job.
He counted points and ate lower calorie foods. He also exercised more. Michael lost two pounds in the first week.
She practiced every day before tryouts. During the tryout, she did her best and smiled big. She made the squad!
The officer immediately stopped and interrogated the man. Since the man didn't steal it, he was complaining. The officer ended up arresting him.
So she began keeping dried fruit and rice cakes close at hand. She made a conscious effort to only eat her healthy snacks. Soon, Cara didn't even think about junk food at all!
AAA was taking forever, so Lauren decided to change the tire herself. Her husband was surprised he could learn a few things from his wife. Lauren, feeling accomplished, cancelled the AAA call.
He slept through his alarm. When he finally woke up, he realized he was late for work. Bob decided to call in sick to work to take the rest of the day off.
Then she became pregnant with her first child. After the birth, Macy realized she felt differently. Now, she loved children and loved motherhood!
The arrow missed the target and landed on the ground. Eventually, she tried out a new technique. As soon as she shot the arrow, the arrow landed on the target.
One day she decided to paint her bedroom walls. She went to hardware store and bought more paint. She came home and painted her bedroom walls.
He decided to wear one out of the store. Once he drove home he realized he left his old clothes at the store. Kevin called the store and agreed to pick them up later.
First, she filled the tank with decorative gravel and ornaments. She then placed five fish and two crabs in the tank. Lauren was pleased with the results, even though one of the fish died.
$21 dollars came out. I invited my girlfriend to dinner. I used the money I got from the machine.
His mom let him eat fries all the time. His dad finally said no more fries. Eventually he ate other things.
He decided to inject steroids to improve his performance. He became a better football player. Tom became happier as a result of his stellar football performances.
He saw that there was a big hole on the roof that caused it. The handyman put some chalk on the hole to stop it. After 10 minutes of no water he believed it to work.
So Cindy bought mini skirts like the other girls. Cindy felt more socially confident. And she gained lots of friends.
As a joke, Ryan took Jonathan's keys and hid them. Jonathan confronted Ryan about the missing keys. Jonathan found the keys behind the microwave in the break room.
The voice warned teachers to lock their doors from a gunman. Gene sat for hours while the police searched the school. It turned out to be a false alarm and students went home.
He knew that if he hated his job, that he would have a miserable life. One day, Carl went to his boss and quit the job he hated so much. Carl finally found a job that he loved and his life was happy again.
Her mother baked Ana a chocolate birthday cake. Her father brought Ana a new doll as a birthday present. Ana ate her cake and played with her new doll, and was very happy.
She brought Rachel a lot of pretty things she didn't use anymore. Together, they put everything up around the house. When they were finished, Rachel's apartment looked like a home.
And put butter on them also. But when she sat down ready to eat she noticed something. She forgot to get a fork so she ate them with her hands!
Martha's Vineyard has some of the most beautiful beaches. When I went last year the water was beautiful and crystal clear. I cannot wait to go back.
When he woke up, he found smoke coming from his room. He had left a candle burning while he was sleeping. He quickly extinguished the small fire before it could spread.
The bananas were entirely too brown to eat. Instead, Joseph decided to make some banana bread. The brown bananas made the bread especially yummy.
She got all the ingredients and set to work. When they were done, she was pleased with her work. However, when she tasted them, she realized she still needed practice.
The next day, she began to ignore me. However, I told her what happened during the day I was mad. She understood because she thought that I was mad at her.
He was inspired by wisdom imparted by Olympic runners. He would run as fast as possible everywhere he went. He became very fit and able bodied.
I saw them play three times. Once I saw El Guapo, a former Red Sox, pitch. I was sad to see the Rox leave pro baseball.
I happen to disagree with them. I think it is wonderful to listen because those kids are working hard. They could be doing way worse things than having band practice.
Harry was a very grouchy man. I bought my work shoes and caps from Harry. The store went out of business and the area became gentrified.
When I got to work, I tracked mud all over the carpet. I spent most of the day cleaning up the mess I had made. On the walk home I bought new shoes and called my mechanic.
One time her friends consented to come along. After two hours everybody except Janice wanted to turn around. With a big grin on her face Janice led them out of the woods.
When class ended, I stood tall, searching the room for her. I approached her, handing her the sketch with a sheepish smile. After seeing it, she hugged me sweetly, leaving her phone number!Prize
One day he got too cocky and dove too deep. He ran out of oxygen and had to swim back to the surface quickly. Because of this he ended up in a decompression chamber for the weekend
Sister told me girls didn't have to be good at math. She said I was pretty enough to find a husband who was good at math. I'm fifty and still struggle and am sure it's because of SR Rose.
However my cat was whining and begging for food. I looked at her and gave her some scraps. When I was done eating, I gave her my plate.
He asked if anyone spoke english but no one seemed to respond. Owen tried to troubleshoot the problem on his own. It took him 2 extra hours but he was able to fix the elevator.
She ended up spending a thousand dollars in one day! She was really nervous but had an idea. She got a second job to pay for her credit card bill.
He had to call into work and say he can't come in. Now he isn't going to get paid today. Tom wants to move somewhere warmer.
She arrived at 4:46 pm and ran to the door. She was shocked to see the door was locked. Kay was dismayed  to see the store closed at 4:45 pm.
She had a small gas canister in the back. She grabbed it and walked to the nearest gas station. Then she filled up and retrieved her car.
Chelsea was trying to schedule a date for her wedding. Nothing seemed to be working out. Chelsea took out her rage on the woman and stabbed her 27 times.
Hannah spent 3 hours building the giant figure. She was proud of herself when she went to bed. However she was sad to woke up the next day and find it melted.
A lot of people liked it and took home a copy of their own. John read this way every day until he finished the book. Now he has two addictions but he doesn't feel guilty.
The artist smiled and thanked him. The artist told him all his works were 23 cents. The critic bought everything because it was such steal!
But using paper plates meant her trash canned filled up quickly. Kim became tired of taking out of the trash. And she used normal plates from then on.
Finally he found something on craigslist. He went there to the house. Someone already took the offer.
One day her socks were soaked so she changed them. She put her wet boots on to go to the bathroom. Kim accidentally wet her spare socks in the process.
She passed the Smith house and said hello the their dog. She loved their dog Jake very much. Sally arrived at school and went inside for class.
Unfortunately, Bob ate the brownies! Bob began to asphyxiate. Bob died a terrible death.
I went to see the only person I came into contact with that day. Since we knew each other for a few days, I became suspicious. He admitted that he tried to steal all of my money to pay his bills.
He had a nice farm and sold many trees a few years ago. Business was never constant and he stopped growing trees. He ended up working as a custodian.
Dean had to go buy groceries by himself, which he had never done. He walked into the store and was overwhelmed. Dean decided to just order takeout for the rest of the week.
Her friend Ann took her to a sushi restaurant. Olivia tried a little of Ann's sushi rolls. She was surprised to find that it did indeed taste delicious.
I spent hours on the dock without a single bite. I finally hooked an enormous catfish. I considered eating it, but released it instead.
Her friend Tina decided to help her. When Tina worked her magic, Kelly looked amazing. She couldn't believe her eyes.
Matt shrugged it off and thought nothing of it. Shane was calm but still uneasy. They were being followed and neither recognized it.
After much pleading, his dad finally let him use an adult pole. When Jensen hooked a sizable fish, it pulled him into the lake! After saving Jensen, they both agreed a smaller pole was necessary.
She worried, then had a great idea. She mixed white paint with drops of food coloring. She ended up with six paint colors for the price of one!
In her first class, she noticed her old high school classmate. She was so happy, so sat next to her. They hung out everyday, after the first day.
The one we have is too old and dingy. We had a decent budget. After finding the right one we bought it.
Fin filled out the application, and took the test. When he couldn't do anything extraordinary, he blamed negative energy. What the Randi Foundation said in response is too rude to print here!
She had to resort to unplugging everything to get the wires untangled. She sighed with relief as she plugged in the last cable. She was happy with the way it looked now.
She carefully cooked the pasta and baked the meatballs in the oven. When she mixed the ingredients together she noticed it smelled funny. She accidentally used too much wine in her sauce!
The business is very slow. Some months I sell just six bracelets. Still I find it better than no revenue whatsoever.
After the play, she eager sought their opinions. She was hoping she had impressed them at least a little. To her delight, they all told Irene she had done a wonderful job!
Wanting to show off, Jenny waved her hand in the air. She proudly said the parts of the word were Now and Here. The class laughed because the word on the board was Nowhere.
The lake was decidedly placid. All they noticed were a few bubbles, likely from a fish. They told their friends they had spotted the monster nonetheless!
Lunch was common and so was dinner. One day he ran out of milk and couldn't have them for dinner. Tom decided that cheerios are not good with water.
He decided to buy a washing machine. Now, he just put the dishes in the machine after he was finished. Keith was very happy with his purchase.
Anne was skeptical. At home, she began churning her own heavy cream. She was sad when it didn't turn to butter!
The list was not too long, but it had a good variety of items. She gave the list to her mother, who was pleased to see it. Then, Miley waited and dreamed of what she would get for Christmas.
Cletus decided to try out for the track team. After weeks of practicing, he was accepted to the team. Cletus is very happy that he became athletic.
Bad luck seemed to plague him in every endeavor. One day when begging by the highway he was given a lottery ticket. He scratched it off and won the jackpot.
Sometimes he even pushes silent movies. At first I thought it was annoying. But I've grown to really like them.
Her boss called her into his office the next day. He offered her a full-time paid position with the company. She accepted the position to become a professional editor.
It wouldn't budge. She tried harder. It gushed out and spilled everywhere.
Sandy thought she could visit for photographs. Unfortunately, she got stung many times. Never did she return.
I do volunteer work for the director. He gave me recordings of his concerts. I enjoyed listening to these recordings.
One time she tickled too much. And her friend laughed so hard. She had to change her pants.
When she got to the table her mother gasped. She had tucked her skirt into her pantyhose. She was very embarrassed as she pulled down her skirt.
Naomi made muffins and brewed some tea. Her grandmother came, and they sat down for tea. It was an enjoyable visit.
Barrett applied for many college music scholarships Barrett was pleased to receive many scholarship offers. Barrett went on to attend a great school on full scholarship.
He could not get to the top of the trailer to remove snow. Regardless, he decided to try driving down a busy highway. The trailer collapsed from the weight of snow.
He thought it would be nice to have a Mother's day dinner every year. His wife agreed. For many years, his family celebrated Mother's day with a nice dinner.
After he was done he didn't put them back. I asked him to do so and he agreed. He apologized and I thanked him for doing so.
The tree fell the wrong direction and hit my house. Now I have to fix my roof. The good news is there is plenty of sun while I work on my roof.
After a few tosses he dropped an egg on the floor. Mike cleaned up the mess. By the time the floor was clean, the pan was ready.
Suddenly, a dog licked the window. The cat lounged around and was lazy. The boy picked the dog in the end.
We had to make sure we would have everything we would need. Then we started by following the recipes. The end results was tons of cookies for everyone to share.
Abe was signed on to a successful team. Abe played with the best players in the nation. Abe and his team won a world championship.
Mark opened the door. His neighbor came to complain of the noise. Mark told him to screw off and turned it up louder.
So, Mike and his children made their way to the concession stand. He purchased the cotton candy for himself and his kids. His kids happily munched on their treat.
Then he noticed that it was very quiet. Matt's mike was not working! None of the audience could hear his song.
We found different versions of tourmaline. We collected them in a bag. We brought the rocks home to our collection.
One day she had some good gossip to share. She finally called to tell him. He would not answer the phone.
I was rushed to the hospital via ambulance. I was given an oxygen tank. I was diagnosed with Asthma.
Unfortunately Sue and her husband couldn't agree on a name. They both wanted two completely different names. They came to agreement to combine their favorite names into one.
However, she got up within seconds. After a few punches, Jane delivered a final blow. Hannah fell unconscious.
She put on her helmet and pedaled while her Dad held onto the back. He let go when she got comfortable. She pedaled around the track by herself.
First, he went home to change his clothes. Next, he went to the mall. Jason bought a new pair of pants.
She slipped her feet into her new slippers. She loved the slippers and wore them all the time. A year later the slippers gray and matted so badly they weren't fuzzy.
She went to the lot to purchase a sporty Volvo. Amy was disappointed to find the car she wanted was sold. The nice salesman found a similar car for a better price for Jane.
Lisa hated having siblings that were twins. She always felt like the attention was always on them. Lisa's mother had to work hard to balance the attention given.
David jumped very high and then crashed onto the floor! His mom came running, his arm was broken. Now David knows why he shouldn't jump on the bed.
Kim decided to take swimming lessons to conquer her fear. It took several weeks, but she finally grew confident. Kim loved conquering her fear.
Tom enjoyed the music very much. Tom began dancing to the music. Everyone in the coffee shop began watching Tom.
She fell almost as soon as she got on the ice. Ice skating was much harder than roller skating. After about an hour she was able to make it around without falling.
When the delivery man handed the box to him, he got excited. He broke it apart and looked at the shoe. However, the bottom sole was dangling loose and the top had holes.
It looked a lot like a brown recluse, which can be deadly. Alarmed, I looked it up on the internet. I was so relieved to learn brown recluses don't live in this area!
When Kelly went to the Starbucks today she got something different. She ordered off the secret menu. It was amazing.
He was even rude at dinner. After dinner his mom sent him right to bed. Ed didn't get to watch TV or eat dessert.
But then he woke up at noon! He checked his alarm. It had gone off - but he had not heard it!
I had trouble learning how to put together sentences. I studied as hard as I possibly could. I ended up passing freshman Spanish.
A car has struck her mailbox. The driver did not stop. Stephanie was upset that she had to replace her mailbox.
He forced his subjects to eat peanut butter sandwiches all the time. Eventually, the king died of malnutrition. After that, his subjects could eat whatever they wanted.
He loved every bite of it. Now, he asks Linda to cook every time he visits. She wishes she hadn't cooked so well, because she hates to cook.
She ate as many hot dogs as she could. On contest day, Iva ate fifteen hot dogs. She won the contest!
She walked around and visited all the booths. Jasmine spent time talking to recruiters and reading pamphlets. She is convinced she wants to work in the health field.
I downloaded the app and now I listen to books non stop. At the gym, at work, driving, or cleaning at home I'm going listening. I've listened to over ten books in twenty days!
He saw a coffee shop and got a cold brew coffee. And he was instantly addicted. Harry went back to the coffee shop three more times before going home.
Not finding what she wanted, she began to search online. After a day she found the perfect car, located across the country. After speaking with the seller, she is having it shipped to her.
Next, I drafted a new resume. Then I wrote cover letters for each position. Today I was called to schedule an interview next week.
I was pretty upset but I put the tickets up online for sale. Within minutes I sold them for one hundred dollars each. I was a little happier because that was pure a profit for me.
Her girlfriend said it was a lame car and she wouldn't ride in it. Patsy said she didn't mind. She made her girlfriend walk home herself.
When she arrived at the restaurant everybody started coughing. Sarah had put on way too much perfume. Her date was nice enough to not mind her smell.
When they reached the top of the trail they rested for lunch. Going down the trail was easier than ascending it! They were exhausted but invigorated when they got home.
She asked them to try it again but it wouldn't go through. It was a bit embarrassing. A friend offered to pay and everything turned out okay.
Tom's parent were in tears as they hugged Tom. Tom stood there, also teary eyed, hugging his parents. Finally, Tom left to go catch a flight at the airport.
She then put some cream on it to relieve the itch, but it burned. Because she had scratched it so badly, the cream did nothing to help. Now she puts on cream immediately so it doesn't happen again.
A cop saw him and called a swat team. The cop thought Hank was a bear. Hank laughed it off and went home to shave his hair.
After leaving the house I headed to the store. I bought all the items to make it. When I got home, I ate real well!
It then all happened so fast at the end. Next thing we knew the house was sold. And we were watching the new one be built.
My mom smelled something and came outside. She asked who did it and I was quiet. My brother told her that I did it and she got mad.
I told her my workload was too heavy. She agreed and assigned an assistant to help me. Now I'm not stressed at work.
When they got on the shed, they didn't see the electric wires. As they were climbing off, Dusty touched the electric wires and fell. Luckily, Dusty was fine but they never did it again.
He got into his car. While starting the car, his engine broke down. Foxy never got her potato chips.
His mother agreed. Ben tried on at least twenty pairs of shoes. He finally selected a nice pair of athletic shoes.
My wife decided to pick a Steven King book. I grabbed a Harry Potter book. We were excited to get our new books home to read.
Mia knelt down to look in a bargain bin and banged into a cabinet. A glass vase with a price tag of $1000 teetered from the shelf. Mia thanked her guardian angels as she caught it in the knick of time.
She was sweating. She immediately changed into short sleeves. She couldn't believe how hot it was.
Meg was elated when she found out the news. She was excited to be getting a better job. The higher pay was also a large bonus.
He had to wait in a very long line and he was sure to miss his flight. Just then, they announced that the plane to Chicago was delayed. Mark got lucky and felt relief because he had time to make his flight!
Jason went to the store and bought ingredients. He went home and cooked the meal as best as he could. Jason's girlfriend was very happy with the meal.
She accidentally knocked over the coffee cup her mother had left. The coffee spilled all over the keyboard! Rachel had to replace the keyboard with her own money.
Her family devoured the meal. They complimented her on her cooking. Afterwards Sarah's daughter helped her do the dishes.
He purchased 3 of them one day. He ate all of them in one sitting. Paul felt sick later that night.
They walked on campus and Marlene said she needed some water. They went into a store and Marlene bought a bottle of water. She poured the water over her face and body, but she wasn't thirsty.
Next I went to the shops on Main Street. I found the perfect gift for my mom, but couldn't buy it due to price. I headed back to the mall where it was on sale for fifty dollars less.
He can't see what it is but he senses it is something evil. All he can do is wait for his body to wake up. In time, it does and he can move yet again.
She decided to join the church choir. They practiced singing during the week. They ended up singing beautifully every Sunday!
He saw his colleagues walking slowly up the stairwell. Nick pushed through his colleagues aggressively. His colleagues were shocked and appalled.
He decided to post online asking for some help. Suddenly, someone sent him a message. Someone had sent him money for a pizza.
Will was practicing for the big championship game that was coming up. While practicing he slips and falls on the grass and breaks his leg. Will was not able to play in the championship game.
Tom decided to build a sand castle. Tom went to work and exerted himself to build a sandcastle. Tom eventually build an incredible sand castle and impressed Sally.
Joan went to the gym and worked out for a month. Still, the number on her scale hadn't budged. Joan got off the scale, and saw the number stayed the same.
I went over and lucked out, he was making ribs! We had a great night over dinner hanging out. I went home that night with a full belly and heart.
There was water dripping from his ceiling. Sam looked up to find a leaking toilet. He called the plumber immediately after to get it fixed.
He didn't bother doing his homework. The next day it didn't snow. Gary got in trouble at school.
She bought some eggs, veggies, and chicken. Her bill ended up to be close to $50. She was satisfied.
I stopped at a blockbuster video store. I went inside and rented a movie. I brought the movie home and watched the whole thing.
Laura's friend at school was moving, and had to give away her cat. Laura brought a carrier to school, brought the cat home, and hid it. That night, Laura surprised her mom with a cake and the new cat.
She approached the old woman. Then she handed her a $20 bill. The old woman thanked Cora profusely.
Things aren't going much better this year. The favored Red Sox lose the first three games of the series. They become the 1st team to come back from 0-3 and win the series.
They took off work for this show. They show many great items. They did not buy anything.
She was excited, but nervous. Her family was there to greet her at the airport. Sandy was so happy and felt very loved.
Her inspiration came when she saw an image of a lonely tiger. She painted an image of a tiger's face. Her painting was well received by her peers.
They couldn't find it, despite looking everywhere. Then, the tot had an idea. He looked in the car and found his blanket there.
Later the police arrived to help her. The police pulled her from the car, and she was okay. Sharon was thankful, and started checking the weather before driving.
She had to close the shop to await repairs. The building owner told her it would be over a month for repair. Amy was disappointed to miss out on a month's worth of business.
Felipe is surprised that the curry is so spicy and delicious. He wishes that he had tried curry long before. Now Indian curry is one of Felipe's favorite foods.
I then began to drive to the location. After several hours of not arriving, I looked at the GPS for problems. It turned out that I used the wrong address, and had to turn around.
Rob's writing instructor asked Rob to see him in his office. There, Rob was informed that the instructor knew that song well. It turned out that the instructor's uncle wrote the song!
She managed to kick him on his but. He ended up tumbling on the ground. Hannah aggressively laughed.
One day one of the dolls got ruined by her friend. Kim was not upset at her friend though. Kim is a good person.
However I had a slip up when I went to the mall. I took it with me into the bathroom and it fell on the tile. The phone ended up smashing and it was unfortunate.
Mary remembers that she has a bus ticket. Mary catches the bus before it leaves. Mary arrives at the store thanks to the bus.
They ordered lots of drinks. They drank all night long. They had a great time enjoying each other's company.
One day they decided to start dating each other. They had their ups and downs, but were generally happy. Finally they decided to get married and lived happily ever after.
Suddenly, a rumble of thunder caught Jeff's attention. He called the kids out of the water as it started pouring rain. Next time, Jeff will check the weather forecast before he goes out.
I tried to walk back to the house and couldn't. My husband drove me to the hospital. The doctor there said I had sprained my ankle.
In front of a store a lady told them she had seen a puppy like this. She told them he was in the parking lot of the store. Jim was very pleased to have his puppy back.
He picked 10 lemons and brought them inside. He washed them and squeezed them into a pitcher. He made lemonade and continued eating his lunch.
There were all kinds to choose from. She looked in the last cage, and in the corner was a small black puppy Elizabeth picked it up and it was instant love, and home they went.
This made him frustrated. One day Tina told him all about time. Jim never had trouble telling time again.
I planted some in the backyard so I could give him fresh alfalfa. When it was ready, I brought him a bundle to eat. He ate every last bite.
Lucy didn't know what the expression meant. When the friend visited their house later, Lucy spoke up. She asked if the woman took her bun out of the oven yet.
Sheila's sister wanted to name the baby for her. Her sister said she would make her a pie if she let her pick the name. Sheila agreed and named the baby what her sister picked out.
She ordered steak tacos. She received chicken tacos instead. She had to wait 10 minutes before she got the correct order.
The eagle then attacked Donald. Donald was upset about it. He viewed it like America attacked him.
It occurred to her that she could be pregnant. On her lunch break she bought and took a test. To her surprise, she was pregnant.
The family sat down to watch TV. The winning ticket number was being announced. Jon won since his number was mentioned.
When the cake was ready, she put the balloon on it. Then, she began lighting candles. Suddenly, the heat from the candles made the balloon melt.
So he decided he would make his own website. Mike's website ended up being a success! Now other people love the internet because of Mike's website.
He felt inspired and then painted a wonderful, detailed painting. The day after he finished it, he brought it into his studio. A few hours later, somebody bought the painting for a lot of money.
He used a pencil to draw out the dimensions on a piece of drywall. The saw sprang to life in his hands as he cut out the piece. He secured the piece into the hole using glue.
A rabbit had started nesting on top of his battery! Dan quickly grabbed the rabbit before it could hop away. He strangled it with his bare hands and tossed it in a ravine.
Everyone encouraged her to just do it and not be so serious. She just declined, and they eventually gave up. She always felt sort of lame after that.
She put a lot of work into her hair and makeup. She also had a beautiful dress. Callie looked so good, she won first prize!
I pretended to tie my shoes so I could grab it. I slid the money in my pocket without anyone seeing. I used the money to buy a new brake light.
Gina laughed. She reminded her they eat dead animals all the time. Her sister stood looking horrified.
But the goats were being very pushy. When her back was turned one stole her bucket of food. She didn't have anything left for the other animals after that.
But then he remembered he had forgotten his lunch! He was sad, until his boss announced free taco tuesday. Bill would have a great lunch after all - for free!
The pigeon laid two eggs. The eggs hatched and she raised two babies. After a while the three birds flew off.
With a saw he then cut up the pieces. Ron used mostly screws but some glue to assemble it. He set the finished shelf aside to let the glue dry.
Beth and May had to break up a fight between them. Beth tried to find out why the girls were fighting. She could get no where since the girls just blamed each other.
We were scared and woke my Mom up and we went to the door together. Cautiously she opened the door to discover a police officer. A neighbor called him after seeing our flashlights in the basement.
Instead, Kate decided to wear headphones. The music was still too annoying for the roommate. Kate told the roommate to just wear earplugs and deal with it.
In a panic I called 911 and rushed to the the hospital. In the hospital I was told that I severed my spinal cord. Now I can no longer walk.
He stayed addicted to drugs into his adulthood. His daughter was born one year, and that changed him completely. He went to rehab and became the father he wanted to be.
One day he was playing with another boy when he wasn't supposed to. His teacher got on to him for not doing the right thing. That was the first and last time Abel ever got in trouble.
He told her that she should practice every day. Amy took his advice and practiced. Amy noticed that she had improved at basketball.
Chewing his pen, he tried to think. Suddenly, a car sped by, giving him an idea. Grinning, he began to write about his dreams of being a NASCAR driver.
Every girl she looked at suddenly started flirting with her. She did not want to hook up. She went back home and watched tv.
After a while, noticed that people were very cold and hostile. All of a sudden, a man began yelling at him about a school policy. This made Howard confused and uncomfortable, so he decided to leave.
It was so cold. Niagara Falls was almost frozen over. It was a breathtaking experience and we want to visit again.
One night, her and a friend went walking through the swamps. Soon, they heard loud screams and loud banging! The ran away fast and went home the next morning.
He researched many vehicles. He found a great vehicle. He purchased the vehicle.
Got a great job right out of school. Started making a high amount of money. Bought an expensive house for his family.
She would no longer be a mean girl. At first it was hard, but she stuck with it. Anna kept doing everything nicely!
She has a pair of high heels in almost every style. She also has plenty of boots. She still wants to buy more sandals.
They got divorced on the sixth of May. A year to the day later they married again. Their divorce lawyers were their best man and maid of honor.
Monica waited to be called to a table for her manicure. She waited an hour past her scheduled time. Monica grew very annoyed that she had to wait.
Larry decides to attend a local soccer match. He cheers along with other fans when the team scores. Although he doesn't make any new friends, he resolves to try again.
She took her favorite nacho dish and turned it into a vegetable dish. When it was done she loved it. She immediately told all her friends.
The dog had a leash but no one holding it. Rick grabbed hold of the leash and set off to find the owner. In the end Rick found the grateful owner and all was well.
When Mel's son got older, his son son moved away. Mel would see his son several times during the year. They would always make time to go fishing.
There were car parts and random belongings everywhere. Jazz's parents decided to stop. They all helped to pick up the things and help any people.
Bob was excited and took a picture with the bird. The bird suddenly flew away. Bob realized that the bird defecated on his shoulder.
She slid the handle in between the door frame and the door. She pushed the handle back hoping it would hold. The ice broke and the door finally opened.
I'm not sure how we are ever suppose to get hooked on a series. I wrote a letter the the network venting my frustration. Hopefully they read it and it helps.
Sometimes the bears would come close to the back porch. A co-worker was taking out the trash and hit a bear with the door. He immediately came back in and was more careful next time.
He found a wolf den in the north corner of the pasture. The zoo was happy to capture the rare animals. James' sheep were safe from predators once more.
I also wanted a gold coffin. I found one on Ebay and it cost too much money. I changed my will to include cremation services.
He applied to be a cashier. He got the job. Webster found the working calming and liked interacting with people.
First she had to remove all her tongue rings. Ella had had them in for Years! They were very difficult to remove!
She left the car and continued to clean the snow from the car. When she got back in the car the rear window was still icy. The rear defrost had reached it's time limit and turned itself off.
He spends the entire day with his father learning each step. Once he has learned, he practices making beans at his own home. Jorge is proud he has finally learned his father's recipe for beans.
Her labor pains had started. Her husband rushed her to the hospital. She gave birth to a healthy baby girl.
The media reported on the new drone. One person bought a drone and used it to spy on Craig. A website was made to watch Craig twenty four hours a day.
The doctors and nurses did not listen to her. Afterwards, Mary decided she wanted to help other women. She studied to be a doula, and advocated for other mothers.
He wanted to calm the child's mind. He told her a story of being lost for half a day as a child. The story made the girl smile even if it were a lie.
Bill flicked the lighter on. He brought the flame to a fuse if a firework. Once the fuse was lit he ran away.
Chad had fun feeling the wind blow in his hair. Chad, most of all, loved the speed the boat traveled. Chad could not wait to go on the speed boat again.
My friend called me 10 times and I missed all his calls. I decided to call him right away. He picked up and told me that he was looking for me all day.
Becky won the first game, along with the 2nd and 3rd. She usually doesn't play so good, so the other wondered. They found out she was cheating and it was the last time she played.
After their divorce he was unable to sell the extra grave. He kept it and buried his prized possessions with him. The funeral was sad and lonely.
She was worried about doing well on such a busy day. That Friday, she worked as hard as she could. At the end of her shift, her manager praised her work.
Breakfast was a doughnut and coffee in the lobby of my building. I had to attend two meetings and write several reports. I left work at 6 PM and biked home in the night.
One day while vacationing in America, she tried a snow cone. It tasted very refreshing. She understands why snow cones are so beloved.
One day they went down to the river. Thad's dad brought the fishing poles. Thad caught the biggest fish he'd ever seen that day!
His guide hurried him away from it. Ben asked what it was. His guide explained that it was quicksand!
They had a vet look at it. It turned out the horse had bad eyes. The vet made the horse wear special horse eyeglasses.
He swerved and hit a tree. Tim's car was totaled. Now Tim doesn't have a car to drive.
The storm was bigger than anything he had seen before. He had not prepared with appropriate supplies. Ken learned to do better for the next storm.
He tried to mix other colors to make blue but to no avail. To be artsy, the artist used yellow paint for the water. He loved the way that it turned out.
I watered the seeds. The seeds sprouted in the dirt quickly. I now have fresh herbs everyday.
He put down his work and ran up the stairs. By the time he got to the phone it stopped. Dave cursed loudly and punched the phone.
He invited his friend Alissa. Alissa hated disney. He ended up going alone.
She had never told anyone why she left it all behind. Decades later she wasn't even sure she could remember, herself. Sirene lied to the autograph seeker and feigned ignorance.
The person got angry and pushed him. He also started to throw a few punches. Jordan tried to dodge them.
The snow had made the roads very hard to drive on. I was late picking up my son. I had to pay a thirty dollar fee for being late.
She threw it as hard as she could. It went out into the street on that throw along with Ruff. Becca still feels guilty about that day.
Next week the race car championships were on TV. He decided to ask his friend to watch the big race with him. They had a lot of fun watching the race car championships together.
To her surprise, her friend Jenny invited her husband. Alana was furious. It was supposed to be a girls trip and the husband wasn't welcome.
He found a nice dvd player and bought it. William gave his mother the gift after their dinner. She was very happy and hugged her son.
She hopped in the car and looked back at the house. It struck her they wouldn't be visiting this house anymore. She didn't realize she would never see the house again.
He applied and received a call back. Mark interviewed for the position. He got the job and started the next week.
The scientists adopted this gorilla. The scientists taught the gorilla sign language. The gorilla learned to sign and lives in a zoo now.
After that they changed into Jake and Izzy. My son then transformed into Captain Jake. It is amazing how creative they can be when dressing up.
There was slow internet and no reception. He was bored and hated it. He was excited to finally leave.
Paul knew an open mic was good chance to get over his nerves. He got up and began to play. The people loved his music and he felt very happy.
But before we got there my brother started to burp twice. After the third burp he threw up all the backseat. After that I thought when someone burps 3 time in a row they puke.
They turned on the heaters but that wasn't helping much. Instead, they decided to light a fire. Soon, the whole cabin was toasty warm.
Today his guitar string broke. Mark decided to replace all of his strings. Now he sounds better than ever!
Her doctor said she could attempt a vaginal delivery, and VBAC. Anna decided to try it. She managed to deliver her second baby naturally!
One day, she ran into a fire hydrant. The officer ticketed her. Now, Nora is more careful when she drives.
I usually drink two cups a day but my job keeps me active. My doctor said with my activity level i should drink eight cups. Today I did just that and I feel much more hydrated.
She had to cut it out. She cut her hair short to fix it. Brittany missed her long hair.
When we were walking by the Llama pen it spit in her drink cup. She instantly took a drink without noticing. I didn't say anything, so I just smiled and continued the date.
It was after lunch and Anita watched TV instead of washing dishes. Her stepfather accused her of being lazy. Then he took her outside and beat her with the water-hose.
Penny headed out, unaware the end of the scarf stuck in the door. Penny entered school, expecting to hear compliments on her scarf. She looked down to see all that remained of it was a strand of yarn.
All everyone wanted was pictures of him. They then left the party. Gerald was upset.
While stretching, she noticed something tucked under the bed. It was her sister's diary! Jane pulled the little book out and started to read.
During practice, Timmy sprained his ankle. Timmy couldn't play in the game because of his ankle. John picked Cory to play in the game instead, and they won!
Her grandma decided to take her out to lunch. While they were eating, the baby was born. Sara and her grandmother rushed to the hospital to meet him.
The community college offers a lifeguard course for $100. George wants to be a lifeguard. George can't take the class because he doesn't have extra money.
He just couldn't reach it. Alex gave him a ladder. After that Bob changed the bulb and was happy.
Since everyone wasn't familiar with each other, they barely talked. Janet moved near the food section. She sat there all day.
The test cubes ended up on the ground. The teacher told everyone to move away from the puddle. He took out a cleaning kit and cleaned the spill.
She was sad but she didn't give up. Sade next tried out for the dance team and band. She is now in the advanced band and lead on the dance team.
She had a good time with her friends. She scraped her foot on the bottom of a pool. Overall Janine had a good time at the water park.
He parents said that team sports build character. Tom joined the football team. Tom had fun, bonded with teammates, and loved the comradery.
My friend tried to throw a piece of clay at me. I got irritated and ended up throwing a larger piece at me. We ended up throwing more pieces around the room.
He would squeeze, look and evaluate. Finally he bit into his choice and had a terrible surprise. It had a worm in it.
She could run around and make it spin also. But while she was running it flew out of her hands. Her dog Fido had it in his mouth before it landed on the ground.
Kim reached but was not able to grab it. She began to climb the shelves to grab it. A store clerk noticed this and told her to get down.
She flew home immediately and began taking care of him. What was meant to be a short visit turned into months of caregiving. She ended up staying two Year's giving him care before he died.
He decided to improvise the piece. Everyone was amazed by his performance. Eddie was hailed as a musical genius.
But he felt sorry and decided to take the cat inside. The next morning, he saw sign for a lost cat, including a reward. Ron was glad he had sympathy for cat the previous night.
One day, a businessman arrived with a special delivery for him. It was something the gangster had wanted for a long time. The new delivery now hangs proudly in the man's lavish home.
When the circus was over they all rode the merry-go-round. On their to their car they played games for prizes. It was such fun they decided to make it a tradition and go every year!
Then when Rick turned 40, his dad bought him a special birthday gift. It was a pair of tickets to a local wrestling match. The two men enjoyed the match- and their trip down memory lane.
He began studying these videos, making changes along the way. Dave lost forty-five pounds! Dave went on to run in a 5K and take third place.
Michael didn't care and persisted with his studies. He got a great job that paid lots of money. Michael showed his father that he was wrong.
He saw that his entire fence had been blown over. He had to spend all day putting the fence back up. This time he reinforced it for wind.
She opted not to find the sex out in advance. When she birthed the baby, she was eager to know the sex. To her joy, it was a boy!
His company had not paid him. This was a regular occurrence. Richard quit his job without notice.
This morning though, she realized she had a test. Stacey freaked out. She knew she would not do well.
She got out her vacuum. Next she sucked up that ladybug. Maggie was happy she got rid of the bug.
A few hours later, it started snowing again. It snowed all through the night. I was really mad the next morning, because I hate the cold.
One day his mom screamed as she was being mugged. Kenny and his brothers beat up the mugger badly. They told him they would kill him next time they saw him.
They dug a channel for a moat around their building. Then they used buckets to fill the moat with water. Finally, after much work, they were proud of their complete castle!
All of the puppies at the adoption center were very cute. James finally picked a black and white puppy. James took the puppy home.
They had almost gotten caught the first time. Amy didn't want to take the risk of being caught. Lynn ended up convincing her to break curfew and sneak out again.
Therefore lulu had to do all the housework herself. It was a total pain. Thankfully Rosie came back soon so Lulu got a break.
Howie drives to pick up the pizza. Howie eats the pizza in his car. Howie finishes the pizza before driving home.
The salon worker decided to be creative with the style. Peyton's hair came out uneven and too short on one side. She left the salon sad, but relieved that it would grow back quickly.
Francis felt sick after eating the pie. He began to regret eating the pie. Francis decided to eat pies more gradually in the future.
The saleslady told Jane that it was all a matter of preference. She had preferred the feel of silk over nylon, she told Jane. Still uncertain, Jane ended up buying the silk pair of stockings.
Therefore, he updated his online portfolio. Next, he applied for quality jobs. In the Middle of the week he scheduled an interview with an airline.
He ran up to her and pushed her into the pool. She yelled because her phone was in her pocket. Her brother apologized and promised to pay to fix the phone.
I was looking for a specific coin and asked if he had it in stock. The coin dealer informed me that he did not have it. I was disappointed as i headed back home.
We watched the news seeing the first building on fire. I then saw a airplane fly into the second building. Many of us watching it were either screaming or crying.
For a while she hid it well. Yet one day her parents found out. They grounded her for a month.
He found profound life lessons offered by every religion. He absorbed what was useful and discarded the rest. He saw his life improve.
He would glue pennies to the sidewalk. And trip people all the time. He did this until he was 80 years old.
Peter took a deep breath and relaxed. This is what he'd been trained for. He squeezed the trigger and got the job done.
Until one day he hurt his arm. He was very sad. However, he decided to work out his legs to stay in shape.
I asked the pharmacist what she would recommend. She suggested a multi-symptom formula. With gratitude for her assistance, I bought it.
I left work early to go comfort her. However, my sister talked to me about her during the next day. She said that my cousin was faking the results.
But when lunch time came, she got a surprise. She hadn't packed them well and now they were sticky and messy! Ana was barely even able to eat her healthy lunch!
She told me to come inside but I chose to stay and drink. Very early the next morning she banged pans over my head. I still cringe thinking about the mistake that got me such a headache.
He didn't see the dentist because it was too expensive. It was so bad that he finally gave in. He got his tooth pulled and the pain was over.
Since he'd checked out of his hotel, he decided to go swimming. He spent the whole day on the beach. At the end of the day he caught his flight home.
She added mushrooms and sauteed onions. She pureed tomatoes. When she mixed it all together it was perfect!
His parents decided to bring him to a dragon festival in Chinatown. He was so excited. He wanted to go every year.
There were two kittens playing together in a cage. Jenny was worried that if they took one the other would be lonely. She convinced her dad to let her take both of them home.
And he enjoyed taking care of animals. He felt sad when the day was over. But he was given lots of free vegetables.
He walked through the store and struggled getting his items. After checking out, Glen began the laborious long walk home. Glen finally made it home and rested for a long time.
A mother with her Girl Scout daughter came along. The mother said that was always their spot and they started arguing. Rays wife came along and chased the other mother away.
Two kids from next door came over to play with our dog. Shortly after Rex no longer wanted to live with us. We decided that Rex would be more happy with the kids.
He decided to have fun and dance. Then he got really sick. He never danced in the rain again.
Tim went to the store to get new wire. When he got home he tried to install it. The wire he just bought was the wrong size and Tim failed.
When the drawing was held, all the tickets were compared. Only one ticket one. The winnings were split between all the workers.
Everyone at school laughed. I felt very sad that people made fun of me. I promised myself I would never shave my legs again.
Bob could not sleep due to hearing police sirens all night. He arrived at his business meeting extremely tired. Bob fell asleep many times at his meeting due to his lack of sleep.
But the other dogs did not seem interested in Kevin. Kevin attacked one of the dogs in frustration. Devin and Kevin were banned from the dog park for a year.
I won the last series 4-1. Last night I was leading 4-0 when he quit for the night. I think he was a bit down on himself.
She had already been in trouble for talking while the teacher was. So she decided to wait till the teacher was done teaching. Once the teacher finished she asked Tami about the folder.
His car spun out and was nearly hit by several other cars. Everyone slowed to obey the yellow caution flag. The wrecker pulled Ken's car to safety in the middle of the track.
It was Harold's birthday and he was upset for having to work. The first house he arrived at, however, changed his mood. His customers had gathered as a surprise, thanking him for his work!
Before we start the care, he makes sure I buckle myself in. One day another car hit us while we were driving. I'm glad i was wearing a seat belt.
They tried two of the original New York pizza parlors. The girls loved the pizza at both parlors. After trying the pizza's they weren't able to say which was better.
She applied to her favorite college online. She received a reply a few weeks later saying she got accepted. She received a full ride to the school for having outstanding grades.
While she wasn't looking, a spider crawled on her hand. She felt it's legs and started to freak out. I took a book and tried to hit the spider.
It warned him not to do it again. He could lose his internet and be fined. Sam never downloaded another movie.
James thought that his sister Madison stole some of his money. He confronted Madison and she admitted to stealing the money. Madison apologized and repaired James for the stolen money.
The therapist didn't really help. So I decided to see a psychiatrist. The psychiatrist gave me some drugs which helped me with depression.
Soon, a man called and told them he had a found Wags! Fred and his sister met up with the man and got Wags back. Wags was happy to be back in his bed that night beside Fred.
He saved a lot of  money by cutting his own wood. He built a new mantle with his extra money. Kendrick now really appreciates his fireplace.
She blended up frozen bananas and other fruits with ice and yogurt. The mixture turned into a sweet, fruity smoothie. Ani thought her healthy solution was delicious!
He was anxious to go door to door and get candy. Halloween was his favorite holiday. His favorite because when the night is done he has tons of candy!
Her boss asked her to retrieve a very important file. She spent all day trying to find it. She found it in the recycling bin at last.
The bunny found my garden and ate most of the flowers. I decided to put a fence around my flowers. The bunny can no longer eat all of my flowers.
The two men attacked Dean, and stole his money. Dean went back home to explain to his mother what had happened. His mother gave him brass knuckles to use next time.
Vicki was hired to build a new skyscraper. Vicki visited a very tall building to study the upper levels. Vicki designed an exceptionally safe skyscraper.
One morning he decided to stop and get coffee. His whole body tingled and felt alive. Pat has now been awake for two days.
Kim heard the sound of the pebble hit the glass. She worried it would damage the windshield. She got out and checked to see a knick in her windshield.
Instead of training for the race she relaxed at home. On the day of the race she was unprepared. Leah did not win the race because she was out of shape.
She couldn't figure out who had put it there. She asked around and no one would claim it. Finally, her friend called and admitted that she had done it.
He traveled to the hot water springs. There, his skin got much better. He came back a new man.
When I got to school people were coughing. My teacher said go wash it off. I had to scrub my neck in the bathroom.
They traveled there by car. When they got there they took a lot of pictures. The family had a lot of fun.
As dusk arrived fireflies came out. Beth ran and grabbed jars to catch them in. The girls laughed as they ran and caught fireflies.
She took care of the lab every day. Many people came to look at the dog. One day it got adopted by a friendly couple.
I used the dead grass to start a fire in my burn ring. The burn ring was not able to contain the fire. I am glad I raked up the grass because the fire would have spread.
She looked in a mirror to see if the it was bleeding. There was no blood, but there was no skin on the wound. Gina disinfected, and covered the now bleeding wound.
One of the last tests was to wade for ten minutes. She was having a really hard time but she pushed herself. She managed to pass and she got to be a lifeguard.
Meisha's husband encouraged her and practiced with her everyday. Meisha went to the comedy club and felt very prepared. Meisha did not do well and never performed stand up again.
She fell asleep while she was waiting for it to work. When she finally rinsed the bleach out of her hair it was a disaster. She had white streaks all through her hair, not blonde.
Shari wanted to be more considerate. She decided to be more serious. Shari's friends appreciated this.
The broker put all the money in a risky stock. Two months later the stock doubled in price. Sal sold his shares and collected his money.
I mixed the cake and popped it in the oven. The phone rang and I forgot about the cake. The cake burnt to a crisp, so it was my surprise cake!
He told everyone that they should help with a food drive after church. People listened to his message and decided to help. Pastor Tom collected many pounds of food that Sunday.
She found her cat sitting calmly beside a snake. She figured the snake was dead, so she placed it outside. When Emily looked out later, the snake was gone.
Her dog escaped through the open gate. She drove around the city looking for her lost pet. Eventually, she found her lost dog and brought it home.
He just decided to drive across the country there. He had fun on the road trip. He had a memorable vacation at the Grand Canyon.
Tom won the hand but was afraid to say so. When he showed his cards, Jake started hitting him with a wooden slat. Jake only stopped when his mom yelled at him.
She was in over her head and panicked. After a struggle she was able to swim to the edge of the pool. She nearly drowned, but she decided to continue swimming.
I decided to make a counter by offering $5000. Jane decided to offer $7000 since she desired the car as well. I gave up and walked away.
Dan and his team mates played with all their heart. The game was tied when Dan shot the last basket hoping to make it. The team won by two points and went on to state finals.
His parents made him go to summer school. Billy was not happy about this. He determined it was the worst summer ever!
Suddenly, a waiter appeared and offered a sample of alligator. Carrie decided to give it a try even though she was grossed out. It turned out to taste pretty good, like chicken.
Barbara is very worried because they have three children. Everyday, her husband leaves early to go to interviews and job sites. Barbara is now happy her husband has landed another job.
They said I had to go to jury duty. I decided to not go. I was fined hundreds of dollars and I regretted not going.
However later that night she got sick. She went to the doctor. She found out she had a gluten intolerance.
She used her phone to watch a video on how to change one. She successfully changed the tire all by herself. She got to work and told everyone how much she loves the internet.
Theo had plans of enlisting. He was able to sign up without hassle. He is in the army now just like his father.
She measured everything and put it in the oven. When the cake was done it looked delicious. She forget to add oil and it tasted awful.
But wanted to get extra for later. Now her arm was aching from the heavy basket. Gina walked as quickly as she could to get to the checkout.
This beautiful kitten was clawing and biting the cage, to get to me. I decided to adopt her and take her home. She has been my cat child for 8 years now and is very happy.
Finally her parents said she could get one. Tina was excited. She finally picked one out.
So she hired a tennis pro. The tennis pro helped Lyn's backhand. Lyn now has a great backhand.
She was unsure what exotic tropical disease she might've contracted. Then her doctor called to set her mind at ease. Louisa wasn't ill after all - she was expecting a baby!
He went to the store and bought a telescope. Jason wanted until it was night. Jason went outside and used his telescope to look at the stars.
At first, he said no, because it was out of his way. Later, he arrived home. In his hands, he had the formula for his wife, surprising her.
I was installing the new cabinets when I ran into a problem. I had not measured the cabinets correctly. I buy some new cabinets and now I am waiting for them to come in.
Kate located an instructor that specializes in kickboxing. After visiting the facility, Cate signed up for the class. Kate is excited to be attending her first kick boxing class tomorrow.
One day, she bet he couldn't make it through her Bikram Yoga class. He regretted going when he had to rest after 20 minutes. Harry never laughed about his wife's yoga classes again.
She drove 200 miles to the nearest store and bought a new one. When she got home the new file didn't work so she had to go back. The store gave her a 20% discount but the gas cost more!
Later, ten speed bikes were in vogue. I stuck to three speed bikes but they were very light. I finally bought a beach cruiser to bike through the snow.
She heard a knock on the door, and it was a large pepperoni pizza. Marcy called her boyfriend and thanked him. Her boyfriend said he never bought her a pizza.
Missy has a big game tonight. she is nervous about it. Missy wins the game.
He felt nervous. He went in and heard so many noises. He left right after
When she looked down she saw a huge spider. She shrieked and the spider ran off. From then on she kept an eye on her feet all the time.
I was disappointed and sorry I had done the task early in the day. I was starting to regret working for that employer I was surprised and pleased to receive a bonus for the difference.
Then, they chose a tree. Together, they chopped it down. Finally, they paid for the tree and went home.
She went into the station to use their phone. The lady behind the counter declined initially. Until Gina explained her car was blocking one of the gas pumps.
Today's list was apples and strawberries. So he asked his mom to take him to the nearest orchard. Then they used all the fruits to bake special treats!
It said it was 1:05 PM. But Gina had no idea when she arrived. She realized she had no way of knowing how long she had been there.
The support tech requested the number to the mobile attached to it. Promising only a quick tweak was necessary, the tech called the phone. The support line went dead, and tech went back to reading his book.
Kenny decided to learn how to ice skate instead since it was similar. He got really good at ice skating over the long winter. When spring came, his skills transferred over easily!
He put on a tee-shirt and slung the backpack over his shoulder. Outside in the heat of the morning Larry began to regret his decision. Finding his rhythm was easy, tho and he decided to commit to walking.
Her mommy order hash browns, eggs and grits. When the waiter brought their food out, he trips on a cord. Jody and mom's food falls right along with him.
I was visiting him when his daughter said to take a pill. He did not take the pill yet. Later he called me to ask if he had taken his pill.
In a few seconds, he passed on the sidewalk. His brother woke him up several minutes later. Nate immediately got up and cleaned himself.
While trying to he hurt his back. He was unable to get back up. It turned out to be badly broken.
The cousin dared Dan to dive from a high overhanging rock. When Dan balked, his cousin called him a chicken. Dan told his mom, who knew a boy had died diving from the rock.
Her ice cream began to melt. It spilled all over her shirt. She had to clean it up with a napkin.
She felt festive at first, but then kind of sick. The next morning, she was very hung over! Sam decided not to drink so much any more.
She also bought all the ingredients. She had never made fried chicken before. Lo and behold, it turned out great!
One day, his dog knocked his laptop out of his lap. The laptop fell to the ground. His laptop's screen cracked and became unusable.
At the age of 45 Wilma decided to go back to college. She earned her nursing degree. Wilma was thrilled to be living her dreams as a nurse.
She went to the mall and found a nice salesperson. The salesperson picked out a pretty dress for Cara. It fit her perfectly and so she decided to buy it.
Amber uses the treadmill every day for 4 weeks. She realizes she has lost 10 pounds. Amber is very proud of herself.
He waited for the shop to take off, but people never showed up. Paul tried his hardest to make ends meet with his few customers. Eventually, it became too expensive, and Paul had to close shop.
She began to resent going to work when she did have a shift. She would sulk and pout the whole day. After 3 months she decided to make the best of a bad situation.
They played and laughed together in the candy fields. Sometimes Francis would let her ride him and they would fly! Beth loved her time with her friend in her dream playtime.
Ben quickly found out he was a natural. His instructor was shocked at his artistic skills. Ben has started his own painting class for beginners.
He practiced every day as hard as he could, year after year. His basketball team went on to winning the nationals. Tim was asked by a NBA team to play for them, and he happily accepted.
Jake saw a toy store and rushed over to check out all the toys. He then realized that he couldn't find his mom! Jake told someone in the store and eventually his mom came for him!
None of her friends could download anything either. It seemed like the night was ruined, but then Jason opened his bag. Inside was a DVD of their favorite drama, which they watched happily!
The teacher was a 23-year-old Asian female who charged $20 per lesson. Anthony signed up and then determined she was single. But who Anthony thought was her brother was really her husband.
The two conversed and laughed as the person carried her luggage. They smiled as they parted ways, the stranger leaving to another room. It took Jen a moment to parse she was now empty-handed in the hallway.
Elevators were the worst. He took the stairs to avoid people. The fire alarm went off and people poured into the stairway.
David shouted at his friend. The friend was frightened. David got his friend more juice.
Jen also has a piano recital. Jen is going to have to pull an all-nighter. Jen had to stay up until 3am to finish her paper.
I was sad all day long. In the middle of the night I retrieved them. I went out to the driveway for one last dance.
They looked at many houses but couldn't agree on one. Finally they found the perfect house for their new family. Tomorrow is move-in day.
The day turned out great until heavy winds appeared. Our belongings and food were blown away completely. Therefore, everyone had to pack up and leave the place.
He sent out his work to every publisher he could find. One day an editor called asking to buy all his short stories. He finally got his shot.
On his birthday she planned to surprise him at his place. Ivy traveled and was very surprised when arrived at her destination. She knocked on her boyfriends door and was greeted by another woman.
Nichole could really use that money to pay her rent which was late. But Nicole went to the address on the license to return the wallet. The man was so impressed by her honesty, that he gave Nichole $100.
Bill developed an intolerance with lactose with age. He began to take over the counter medicine when he ate dairy. Bill now takes medication just so he can eat sour cream.
He tried to go up a hill. He kept sliding regardless of what he tried. It was more ice than snow and too slippery even for his truck.
Then her mom encouraged her to give it a shot. Reluctantly, Laura agreed. And she played so well, she made the team!
When he gets to the interview he is told that the position is busboy. Jim doesn't have the heart to tell his friends the truth. When they visit the restaurant unannounced Bill is humiliated
Annie's mother begged her to get to the dentist to have it checked. She begrudgingly accepted and made an appointment. The dentist took care of her infection and saved her from much pain.
They stayed with him for a day before moving on to Tennessee. There, they saw their grandma and grandpa. They finished the trip in Virginia before heading home.
They started to study. But they decided to take a break. They ended up playing video games the whole day.
I was unable to pass a certain boulder about eighty feet up. Matt was able to get passed it with ease. I decided I need to practice more so I can climb as well as Matt.
When they became adults, they both moved away to different towns. They had children and decided to move back to their childhood town. Their sons are the best of friends, and play on the same team.
She was surprised that she did not read it sooner. She was so engrossed she did not eat all day. She finished the first 3 books in one day.
The sleeping pill is taking effect and it makes it hard to type. My fingers are hitting the wrong keys and it makes the task harder. So this story will end with me going to bed.  Gooodnight
Gina walked over to see what the sign said. The sign stated a major street would be closing for repairs. It would be inconvenient, but Gina hoped it would at least be quick.
Joan thought about how she could help. Joan bout some bread and water for the man. The man thanked Joan and ate what she gave.
I set up the tree in front of my front room windows. I then spent hours putting decorations on the tree. I stood back and was proud of my beautiful Christmas tree.
She ran into a loose tiger in the hallway and screamed. Someone called the front desk for help. The front desk called animal control, who confiscated the tiger.
But her first day went very well. All the kids had a great time. At the end of the day, they all told her how much they liked her!
Jordan's mother saw this and brought his friend cake, but not Jordan. She said Jordan couldn't eat any because he got to play all the games. Now when Jordan has a friend over, he makes sure they both play.
On the weekends, she threw dinner parties. She put her newfound cooking knowledge to work for the parties. The food was a hit and her parties livened up her schedule.
Lane waited for days and talked to a lot of different bands. Lane finally met with one that seemed like a good fit. Soon Lane was playing with the band and loving it.
At the time of the contest she felt prepared. One the contest started she got right to work. Kim was awarded the blue ribbon for her amazing pie skills.
His dad told Jim that those were a squirrel's stash. He explained that the squirrel would need them in winter. JIm re-buried the acorns so the squirrel wouldn't starve.
He unwrapped the large box last. Inside was a Wii U. Matthew was very happy.
One winter, there was snowfall where she leaves. So she decided to have a snowball fight with some friends. But she got hit in the head and decided snowball fights were no fun.
Joe still fell asleep everyday. Then, the teacher threatened to call Joe's father. After that Joe always paid attention.
Her friend Lisa was coming to visit. Gina, and her mom went to pick her up. It was the first time Gina had been to that part of town.
Jan bought a new suit to ease her nerves. Jan showed up to her first day with confidence. Jan made a great first impression.
When she walked up on stage, she got to her seat. The concert started. As she started to play she sounded great.
Josh invited Phyllis to go apple picking and bake a pie. Josh stuck to that plan and was too awkward to make a move. Phyllis went home and never returned his calls.
She went to the library and checked out every book on samurai. She took them home and read them all. Now, she knows a lot about samurai!
Myron tried spiking up his hair using gel. He loved his new hairstyle. Myron was very happy he took his barber's recommendation.
Brandon rode his bike up to Joel. Joel pushed Brandon off his bike and threw one leg over. As Joel tried riding away on both bikes he immediately fell over.
She posted online hoping to find free ones. Luckily, a woman offered her two free gates. She picked them up that day and thanked the woman.
She found a pregnant cat laying in a pile of leaves. She took the cat to her home to take care of it. The cat gave birth to 3 healthy kittens at her house.
They found drugs on him so they arrested him. He had to go to Juvie. He really hated it and was happy when he was able to go.
The bike flipped and she fell on the ground. Her mom rushed out to check on her. It turned out that her arm was broken.
Mark became a coach at a high school. Mark gets to teach kids sports and games. Mark loves his job.
He goes to the restaurant and doesn't see anyone he knows. He calls his buddy to find out what's going on. It turns out Tom went to the wrong restaurant.
As she got further from the house, she heard a faint barking. The barking got clearer as she got closer to the creek. The barking was coming from under the ice where her dog had fallen.
Shelly went to the store and bought all the needed ingredients. She spent the rest of the day baking her cake. Shelly was very excited with how the cake turned out!
The next thing I remember was people in a circle looking down at me. I was spreadeagled on the floor, having fainted. When they asked me what happened I didn't tell them the truth.
The first thing Jan bough herself was a Ferrari. After 3 years Jan had spent all the money that she won. Jan then bought 600 tickets for the next big jackpot but lost.
Finally she got what she wanted. She was so eager and happy. Today was her first day as a corrections officer!
I was watching a movie later and recognized the same star. I looked her up and joined her online fan club. I am a Cara Buono fan.
He began to ask his co-workers questions. One of them was where the headquarters of the company was located. Surprised, the co-workers told him that this was the headquarters!
This past summer we went and saw the fireworks. The colors were beautiful. We always have fun on that holiday.
He investigated and discovered that a light switch was sparking. He immediately called his landlord, unsure of what to do. Luckily, they were able to fix it quickly.
I left the house early on a Saturday morning. It didn't take long to get situated at work. Once there, I got to work on some papers that were needed.
One day while he was watching the movie Shane the police came. The officer said that a neighbor had reported a domestic disturbance. He wrote down that the cause of the trouble was a cowboy gun fight.
Amy chased Ali as she stomped down the street. Amy tried to find out what happened, but Ali wasn't talking. Amy was dreading going home knowing her mother would blame her.
When a gust of wind hit Nancy, her wig fell out of her head. It was moving into the air. Eventually, it got stuck on top of a flag.
One day, Nell's dad came home fuming. He said a customer returned a big bag of bridge mix candy. In the bin, he found the mix was reduced to a couple types of candy.
His boss told him that he couldn't or risk termination. Jim's grandmother called his boss to complain. After careful consideration, his boss decided to allow Jim's time-off.
In the meeting, his potential new employer, Ted, was brusque. Deflated, Steve left, sure he had no chance but later, Ted called. Ted apologized, saying he had a toothache, and offered Steve the job.
The owl flew off into the night, hooting. The men could not agree whether to call it a draw. They parted angrily, and never spoke again.
In 2nd grade he gave up hockey for basketball camp. In 3rd grade he gave soccer a try. He has given up all sports and now just plays a trombone.
I ate an extra-healthy dinner that night. The next day I had a nutritious breakfast and lunch. Proud of myself, I treated myself to a hamburger on the way home.
She could afford to take a break. So she watched her favorite movie. But she could not enjoy it.
Many of the family aim for the family fortune. The family is torn apart. The cottage is sold.
Suddenly a gust of wind came from the east. The wind cause Jarred to lose his balance! Jake was the champion of the balance beam!
His mother checked on him when he got quite. She found unrolled toilet paper everywhere. Zaiden had to clean up all the toilet paper.
The whole family was having fun playing in the ocean. Suddenly a swarm of jellyfish came and stung Patrick who got out! The lifeguards put vinegar on it and Patrick had to stay out of water.
I got lost in downtown San Diego, but ended up at the beach. I met the man I call my husband at that beach. I loved my trip to California and want to live there one day.
She waited patiently as the stylist cut her hair. When the stylist showed her the cut she was horrified. The haircut was nothing like the image, Sally cried.
The ground shook and shuddered before suddenly stopping. To his amazement, he watched as a deer slowly walked by in the lull. When the barrage restarted, he found that he was no longer in despair.
Suddenly, he awoke to a cry. He looked on the ground and saw that the baby had fallen. He took the baby to the doctor and luckily he was fine.
When I attempted the first question, I spent one hour doing nothing. I developed a headache afterwards. As a result, I went to sleep although the homework wasn't finished.
Charles knew he must make a change. He made a phone call and requested an appointment with his boss. He knew he must request a transfer.
But, at a party, he ate something that made his bowels move. The bathroom door was locked and he relieved himself. One party goer thought the house pet used the bathroom on the floor.
She finally got it open. She seen a barrel and put her finger in it. She screamed in pain because it happened to be  acid.
Unfortunately, it fell apart. Lily had no time, so she ran to the store to pick up cupcakes. She served them with candles.
Her retriever tugged on the leash as Lisa followed. Just then the leash snapped and her dog ran across the street. Her dog was hit by a car and died.
So his wife recommended they cut them up. They put themselves on a budget to get out of debt It was the best thing they could have done.
Gina spent the afternoon sleeping, and was now awake. She decided to try and read. The car was too dark, so she gave up and put her book away.
She bought a candy bar, but it was too delicious. She had to buy another, but then found out she had no money left. Luna decided to walk to school instead.
It was a nice apartment, downtown in San Juan. Before long we decided to go out and get something to eat. The food there was spectacular!
Dave discovered that this was a medal from World War Two. He tracked down the family that had lived there before him. They were very happy when he gave them the medal back.
She excitedly boarded and went up to the mostly empty second floor. She hadn't anticipated the weather to being cool. She ended up having to sit inside the bus.
He sat down in the chair at home and heard a crack. Seconds later the chair broke and Dave fell. Dave got out his wood glue and fixed the broken chair.
The decide on Greek food. They both had a gyro and got sick. They won't try Greek again
She grabbed the stereo from her old room. Her sisters were upset, and protested. Gina didn't care, the stereo was hers and she was taking it.
One day, Mike had a guest in his house. And she wandered into Mike's room without his permission. Suddenly, Mike punched another hole in his wall.
While he was walking around he heard someone shout out to him. There was a moose on one side of the pass and a baby on the other. Reggie slowly walked away before he unwittingly walked between them.
He looked for a fan that could blow cool air into his room. And he settled on a powerful industrial fan. Jerry was happy that it helped his room cool off.
I haven't seen one of those in years. Usually they are out farther on the sand bars. I left it there for someone else to find.
Sometimes we would get in real fights and I always won. But one year, my brother had grown taller than me. I was quite surprised when he won the fight I started with him.
He was watching a movie when his headphones broke. He begged his mom to stop for new ones. Luckily, she agreed to stop and buy him some new ones.
She was sad. On their anniversary, her husband got her the bracelet she wanted. This made her very happy.
They both searched online and found a couch from IKEA that they liked. They drove to IKEA to see the couch in person. They liked the couch and ordered it in the store to have it delivered.
Her class visited a local farm. They saw chickens actually laying eggs. She never thought about eggs the same way again.
She studied every day. Liz tried her best on the test. Unfortunately, she failed!
One day we got trapped in a room during an earthquake. Sammy climbed through the ventilation duct to get out and get help. She got help and everything was alright.
An hour later someone else asked the same question in the chat room. Since the supervisor was gone for the night Amy answered the question. The coworker thanked Amy profusely for helping with a hard caller.
The children laughed at the silly show. They requested he perform another show. Many parents at the party hired him for future parties.
He called the number hoping to speak to someone. The phone rang and rang. He hung up because nobody answered the phone.
Amy waited anxiously every day for a reply. Finally, the mailman brought a letter from Juan. Amy decided to bring the letter to share with her class.
He reached into his pocket and his had became covered in ink. His pen had broken. It leaked all over and he had to buy new pants.
The kids were always fighting. One day a girl tried to fight me. My mother pulled me right out of that School.
They waited for hours, but the fish weren't biting. Just as they were preparing to leave, Bo got a tug on his rod. He ended up catching the biggest fish his father had ever seen.
He said, seeing anyone from high school would be childish. So Charles stopped talking to Greg. Greg found Charles that summer and asked why they weren't friends?
Gina saw the Ice Cream parlor she loved. It was almost winter and they were closed for the season. Gina was sad since she was looking forward to going there.
When she got there, the scene was very ghetto. The producer said to just ignore it and dance. She was so turned off, she turned around and left.
When she put her dollar in, she entered a number in. A Coca-Cola bottle came out. However, another bottle surprisingly came out.
She had to call for help from the assistance company. The technician showed up in half an hour and fixed her tire. Amy thanked him and got back in her car.
He insert his debit card. The machine would not dispense his money. Tim called up support and was able to get his money after a few hours.
She wanted to go to college. She talked to a counselor about her future. She was not so stressed out about graduating now.
She spilled them everywhere. Katie's parents found out. Katie ended up grounded.
He dug a big hole and put the tree in. Next he patted in the dirt around. Last he watered it and waited for it to grow.
That night, his girlfriend drove him to their house. Ben introduced himself to them, and they were kind and laid back. He was relieved that they were not like he expected.
At my friend's place, there is no heat. I became ill. Next time my husband tells me to leave, I will refuse.
The doctor wrote it on a piece of paper to give to the baker. When we cut the cake, the inside was pink. It's a girl!
She drove a hour to get to the beach every weekend. She decided to move closer to the beach. She now only drive 5 minutes to get to the beach.
Two of his friends helped with the preparations. On the day of the barbecue everything was going well until it rained. The barbecue continued inside the house and everyone had fun.
Smoke poured out of the volcano. Lava also began to flow. The volcano stopped being active before the lava could damage the city
Joe wasn't good at his job. He squandered Ian's money. Poor Ian had to sell his house.
His team had gotten to the finals in a tournament. It was the end of the game and the scores were tied with Bill at bat! Bill focused and hit a hard home run, winning his team the game!
Fred was at the mall looking for his next opportunity. He went into the game store and lifted two games. Fred went home and played the two games all evening.
She was startled when Dave walked up behind her. Amy spilled half the soda down her white shirt and on her pants. Amy had to walk around the rest of the day with a stained shirt on.
He no clue what the other answers were. Bob filled in the blanks with random letters. He felt that this was good enough.
He expected it would wake him up at dawn every morning. The rooster had other ideas. It turns out they crow whenever they happen to feel like it.
When he got away from Molly, he noticed it didn't stink. He then realized that Molly was the one who stunk! He was relieved to find out that it was not himself.
Once he got on the plane he was nervous. The person sitting next to him was a meditation instructor. This person helped to calm Tom down, and Tom enjoyed the flight.
Dan heard a creaking sound but wasn't sure what it was. Just then a large branch collapsed under the weight of snow. Dan stared in shock at the narrowly missed fallen branch.
The nightmares she had where about her or her family. Most of her nightmares had ghost or monsters in them. Her mom gave her a dream catcher and she never had nightmares again.
When the family got out, Nell pointed excitedly. Her mom pulled at Nell's arm, embarrassed. Then she saw Nell was pointing at the family's fancy poodle.
His boss agrees, but says Jason must go get it from the store. Jason drives to the store. He picks up the new chair for his office.
After one nightmare, he decided to climb into his parent's bed. He snuggled up next to his mom. He slept soundly the rest of the night.
Their boots kicked up massive clouds of dust. The sunlight sparkled off their buckles and buttons. The workers let out a joyful yell as they marched closer.
The whole family went and watched the game. Everyone had a great time especially dad. We go to the ball game once a month now.
I asked him when he was coming back He said in about four days. He said that he would bring me some shells from the beach.
One of the other girls said the new dress was ugly. That little girl often said mean things and wasn't a good friend. All the girls told her she needed to be nicer or go away.
I asked her if she could buy more. She agreed to do so after work. I ate cereal instead.
The more he drove the worse the pain got. Javier drove himself straight to the hospital. When he arrived they had to operate, his appendix had ruptured.
They rolled out the dough and poured on the toppings. They then put the pizzas in the oven for a half hour. When the pizzas were done, they had a taste and were delicious.
After the movie Jim went to bed. He had a nightmare about the movie. Jim never watched scary movies again.
He specified that he did not want a tomato. Fred paid and went home to enjoy his burger. When he put into the burger, he spat out a piece of tomato.
He feared something was wrong! But when he rushed in, his wife was smiling. She happily told him that she was pregnant!
I need to decide what to do with my life soon. I want to get a job and start earning money. I'm excited to get out into the real world.
They were just making Paul's recipes as they wished. He wrote down all of his recipes for them. They now make the recipes right.
She blamed her sisters. She tried to screw it back in. A week later it fell off completely.
She went to the store and picked some. They blew them all up for her. Then, she brought them home.
It was then I discovered I had left my cell phone at home. A kind stranger stopped and offered to help. Unfortunately the spare was used on the other side last week.
He was upset but he was determined to become better. During the summer he worked on his speed and also had a growth spurt. He tried out again the next season and made the team.
He didn't know what to do. His mother gave him soup and vitamin C. After that Tom felt much better.
But her tenders just didn't come out tasting right for some reason. Ola decided to give up and order takeout instead of cooking. She ordered chicken tenders - and they were delicious!
I was exhausted. When I woke up in the morning I drank three cups of coffee. I vowed to never go to bed late again.
One day he runs out of brown sugar. He uses honey to top his oatmeal instead. He likes the honey, but thinks brown sugar tastes better.
The team had been losing and the game was almost over. Suddenly, Sophia had the ball and decided to try for a goal. She made the shot and her team gained enough points to win.
They had a fire when it was dark but later they had to put it out He was still scared of the dark and didn't want his dad to do it. Michael was okay though because he had the stars to keep him company.
Amy appreciated the feedback since she looked up to Sue. As Sue got off the bus she told Amy she was going to get one like it. Amy felt like the coolest kid on the bus.
They would sometimes talk. Tom never took it past talking. He loved his girlfriend and didn't want to risk it.
He takes the test and gets a terrific score. Now Brian is ready to apply to school. He applies and is accepted at his first choice graduate school.
He wasn't paying attention and ran over his co-worker. Mike had to go to jail for manslaughter. He was able to adjust to prison life pretty quickly.
The car ahead of Gina turned onto the street. Gina drove past. The street was closed, and she didn't want to risk it.
His break ended lasting 2 hours. And he struggled to finish his homework on time. Erin regret taking such a long break.
He tried multiple concoctions and experiments. Then, he stumbled upon a cure. The scientist's hard work was able to help save many lives.
Sometimes she would have him do tummy time to get strong. She took her baby boy to the doctor. The doctor said the baby was doing very well.
One day he decided to look up posters for it. He printed out dozens of posters. He ended up selling them for money.
When the day of her trip arrived, a hurricane blew through. The beach was wrecked and strewn with debris. Betty's vacation was ruined.
She said I would have to work overtime or pass up a promotion. In response, I told her to go jump off of a building. She fired me on the spot.
I bought the turtle in a Chinese shop. I think the Chinese view turtles as symbols of prosperity. Our granddaughter always pets the turtle when she sees it.
Until they scored 8 points in 40 seconds. People were on the edge of their seats. The panthers then took the lead with one second left!
Wesley raced towards Ben, meaning to push him in the water. Ben played varsity football, however, and easily avoided Wesley. Wesley splashed into the pool, ruining his smartphone in the process!
One pulled up in between him and another person. He asked the other guy if he could take it. The other guy agreed and Tom was thankful.
I think she is getting confused because last night she called me. She asked me to pick her up and take her to the doctor's office. I'm not sure who she thought she had called.
She didn't find any, to her dismay. Jude decided she should have a healthier snack anyway. She sliced up and ate an apple.
He thought that there was nothing he could do. Shelly had a good idea. They both just sat and watched the sunset together.
A woman walked up to her. She suggested a wonderful picture book about a girl on an adventure. Tabitha decided to choose that book.
It made my work almost impossible. Eventually I had to quit. The work environment had turned too toxic.
When she went to the salon it was a pain. The smell was bad from the chemicals. Her hair turned out good though.
She hid it in her backpack. She then showed all of her friends. Her teacher saw it and took it away forever.
Nathan pulled over to the side of the road and assessed the damage. The flat tire would take at least half an hour to fix it himself. Nathan fixed the tire in no time and got back on the road.
They told me I need to start wearing glasses to reduce eye fatigue. I picked out some nice frames. Two weeks later they were ready, and I was now a glasses wearer.
The guy grabbed a plastic mold to put them in. The bacteria were then examined in a microscope. The bacteria was non harmful.
It took the tow truck over 90 minutes to get there. I tried calling work several times over the 90 minutes, and nothing. When I got into work, they gave me trouble.
We searched through the trees to find the perfect one. Once we found it we each took turns using the saw to cut it down. After we paid, we took or tree home and decorated it for the holiday.
Wyatt's friends started to tease the girl. Wyatt felt pressured to join them. In the end, he decided not to and stood up for the girl instead.
She pushed open a set of large double doors. To her relief there were ushers in the church's kitchen. A kind usher gave her a sucker, and took her back to Sunday school.
He decided to go with his grandkids. His grandkids agreed. They all had a blast.
Purple was her favorite color so she asked to keep it. Her mother told her she could have it and use it. She put her favorite keepsakes in it and cherished it always.
The grandmother handed him the lucky charm from the story. The boy took it home and decided to walk with it on him. Very shortly after he found twenty dollars on the ground!
He took the game to a video game store. The owner said that he could trade his game for a new one. So, he got a game that he had been wanting for awhile.
Rather than do laundry she turned her current pair inside out. She still went out that night. The next day she finally did her laundry.
She could not stop. He dad said to picture all the germs that went into her mouth. Once she did that she never chewed her nails again.
All I could think about was the sweet crust and smooth texture. As soon as I opened the front door I ran to the refrigerator. That's when I heard my husband ask me where did I get the amazing pie.
He sadly told his girlfriend about the syrup shortage. Darren's girlfriend assured him it was okay. They agreed to put fresh fruit on their pancakes instead.
Orange was a playful kitten. When Judy was at work Orange scratched up the couch. Judy was mad she had to purchase a new couch.
Her blood pressure was too high. Her baby needed to be born early. Though tiny, her baby was born healthy!
He went to a diner for a burger. He stayed there for an hour. By the time he left, his shift was over.
She answers the phone call and finishes packing up. That night at the camp, Jenny realizes she forgot her toothbrush. She vows to always double check against her list next time.
She couldn't believe Gina would waste soap in such a manner. She handed Gina the hose and went into the house. Gina stood holding a water hose, with no water coming out of it
She couldn't drive her car over it to go to work. She called a plowing service but there were none available. Ally had to call out of work that day.
They love to pretend to swim and use bath crayons. They especially love to splash which tends to make a mess. It may be long and sometimes messy but so much fun!
He was almost forty years old, and she forgot he could dive. Everyone in the family harassed him after that too. Everyone always called him the boy who could still dive.
The two boys decided to help each other out. They got together and traded sports techniques. Now each boy is twice as athletic!
During the interview, he was nervous and unsure. Another two weeks went by and he heard nothing. Finally, they called him and told him he got the job!
The gift was a small brass mouse with a long tail. No one at the birthday party thought much of it at all. Cindy knew it was the most thoughtful gift she got that day.
Then they built a castle in the sandbox. Tammy and her brother had a great time. After three hours they walked home hand in hand!
Jean's boss got drunk and began hitting on her. She quickly left the party very embarrassed. Jean returned to work on Monday and avoided her boss at all cost.
He paid both bills for a total of ninety two dollars. He ate nothing but ramen noodles for the next three days. He survived until payday with eight dollars left.
However, I realized that there were several shade differences. My friend offered to redo the work. I kindly refused and searched for another person to do the job.
Gerry went to the doctor. He found out that he had fractured his spine. Gerry was out of work for a few months.
Bob went out to eat and ordered a chicken sandwich. He never had one before but he liked it. Switching off of red meat was going to be easier than he thought.
She accidentally walked into some poison sumac. Immediately, Sarah ran out of the wood lot. She made it to the pharmacy in time to apply some rash ointment.
He made enough money to buy three games! He bought the game that he wanted and saved the rest of the money. He still mows lawns and can always buy the next game!
She decided to try snorkeling. She put on a mask and flippers. Then, she swam through the bay.
When a team member was late, everyone had to run extra. The coach believed this taught responsibility. It only made the team mad.
One day, he bought an old motorcycle. He intended to just drive to the local grocery. Instead, Caleb kept driving until he reached Saint Louis.
They went to their yard but there was too much light pollution. Instead, they quickly drove out of town. Outside they were able to see all of the meteors well.
He need to go to school that fall. His mother said you need new shoes. Ron knew his mom had no money he was sad.
Jen also decided to only drink water. She started to see changes in her skin tone. She was glad she made the switch.
And he struggled with health problems and crime. Ivan thought the game was depressing and stopped playing. But he learned about problems in other parts of the world.
When the doors opened, I went straight to the electronics section. I got the tv, put it in a cart, and went straight to check out. Once it was paid for, I got in my vehicle and headed straight home.
Now he had to keep her from smashing the LL Cool J tape. He walked to his room and put the tape in his pocket. Their mom was satisfied when she found no more tapes in his room.
He tried figuring out how to use the latest phones. He always ended up getting his phone frozen. Chris missed the time when smart phones didn't exist.
They arrived at the mountain  to see the beginners hill had closed. There was no way they were going to leave without skiing. Eric and Ron then managed to successfully ski down the masters slope.
Shane found the bedroom that he wanted, but his brother followed him. His brother also wanted the room, and a fight broke out. Their mom appeared and decided to give the room to their sister.
She entered a local pie-eating contest. In front of the whole town, she competed for a trophy. But sadly, Amy couldn't eat enough pie to win the contest!
I got angry because it cost a lot of money! A lady saw what happened. She decided to buy me another bottle!
Gina paid for her treats and they left the store. When they got a block away Ruth pulled cookies from her shirt. Gina was shocked since she had no idea Ruth had been stealing.
It was ugly. But, to show my love I hung it up in my living room. My son was happy and our relationship grew stronger.
When he goes to Washington, he plays golf instead of casting votes. All his constituents thinks he's the best politician ever. Daryl never votes on anything they disagree with.
She went to see them the first day they arrived. She loved them! The pandas made Eva so happy!
The sun didn't shine where she lived. But she had break from work. So she went on a beach vacation to California and got her tan.
Evan realized that he could see his classmate's paper. Evan copied her answers. Evan got an A on the test but his classmate was accused of cheating.
All the food burned. She quickly ordered pizza instead. Luckily, Pizza is the family's favorite food.
Students in the group dared each other to eat the mishmash for money. One day, a student threw up in class after lunch. The group never held the disgusting contest again.
The vet informed Kay vina was pregnant. Vina gave birth to 5 little kittens who looked like her. Kay looked on as Vina lovingly tended her new babies.
They met at the park. When they got there, it began to rain. They went to Tim's house and play video games instead.
She noticed her toddler had been unusually quiet. Emily peeked in her Ella's room. Ella was pretending to be Mommy by wearing Mommy's shoes.
He shook the kitchen table. Everything fell down and broke. Jeb was so sad that he never played earthquake again.
On her seconds attempt, she landed on her stomach. The audience started to complain about the performance. They ended up throwing their belongings on the stage.
He walked into the store and asked if he could buy it. The shop owner said it was not for sale. Ike pulled out $50 and the store owner changed his mind.
Joan fumbled for the folded map as she drove. She glanced at the map and followed the red-lined route. Finding herself circling back home, Joan saw the map was upside down.
In high school, Tom began working out, using steroids. He wanted to be like the guys he admired while growing up. After getting sick, he gave steroids up in order to save his health.
Still, she remained resolute and kept trying. Finally a small in location accepted a poem. Mel was now officially a published writer!
He wrote her a letter explaining everything. But he chickened out and never gave it to her. He still longs for her from afar.
Her doctor told her to work out. She joined a gym. The workouts made her feel energized!
Joy picked up the kitten and took her inside. She wrapped the animal in a blanket, and fed her milk. Joy decided to keep the kitten as a family pet.
He also tried to skip another person in front of him. The other person became mad and punched Ross. His face ended up with a large bruise.
The other girl came over and motivated her. She got her to perform, and it was great. Only problem is she broke her foot on a landing.
He put on his shoes and started walking. Jason reached the ice-cream shop and ordered a chocolate cone. Jason enjoyed his ice-cream.
Matt had a difficult time finding funding for his endeavor. He robbed a convenience store to obtain the money he needed. The guards at the prison where he's now housed also enjoy show tunes.
They made jokes about others! One day their mothers caught them! They were never mean to others again!
He got his boots and coat on. His mom said there is no school. Billy played in the snow all day.
He finds a show in Vegas and enters. Chad invites his friends to come watch him in the show. Chad flexes his muscles on stage.
I had win the prize. I was elated. I couldn't wait to tell everyone.
The dry hay began to smoke and crackle with smoke. A fire was quickly born that consumed the tiny building. If it were not checked it would consume the entire castle.
He loved her from the bottom of his heart. She hesitated to send the email but finally relented. She missed him too and she wanted him back.
Eventually a girl asked him to go instead of him asking her. He went with her. And during the first slow dance he stepped on her toes and fell down.
They had to take turns playing. But Carl was getting impatient. Their only controller left became broken too.
Getting to field means i get to bat, which is a nice change. In the bottom of the ninth it was all tied up. I was last in the rotation with two on base when i hit the home run.
Jeff quickly got out of the lake. Jeff got pneumonia from jumping in the lake. Jeff recovered and learned his lesson.
No one told me there was broken glass in there. The glass cut my leg. I needed 13 Stitches that night.
He couldn't figure out what to get. He asked someone working for help. They were able to pick out a painting that fit Sam's needs.
Steve had forgot how fun it was to take pictures with film. He took photos of everyone around him. He developed the prints and gave them to his friends.
We happened to board her trolley. She was so excited she broke the speed limit and the trolley stopped. An inspector restarted the trolley.
Ants were all over the sticky mess. Gina was in the house, unaware. There would be trouble when her parents got home.
For the next decade and a half, the two were inseparable. Jake got very sick and Jason had to put him down. Just as he had done when saying hello, Jason cried saying goodbye.
They all huddled in the basement for safety. When it was quiet Amy's dad went out to see the damage. To their surprise the tornado had missed their block.
Andrew went to the store and bought a very large coffee. He drank the coffee in one sitting. Now Andrew is very alert.
After his passing, Roger's family tried to figure out all the keys. They found one very strange key that they finally fit to a safe. Inside the safe was thousands of dollars worth of gold.
They enjoyed going head to head and were next up to race. The revved their engines and tore down the raceway. Jed ended up besting Jake by just milliseconds.
Angie was crazy about Matt. They went on their first date. They learned they had so much in common.
It was a little stuffed hippo with a note attached. The note instructed Julia to snuggle the hippo whenever she felt down. Her response was to fly back home and ask me to marry her!
They got the sticks and stones together. When it was done they went inside. It was a cozy fort.
Bob was allergic to bees. Bob immediately hiked out of the woods. Bob went to the emergency room to get treated.
I saw a friendly-looking goat, and wanted my picture taken with it. I carefully approached the goat as my Aunt snapped pictures. There was only one keeper, but I made it my Facebook photo!
There was a worried mother bird flying around. Chris put the nest into the tree quickly and walked away. He saw the mother sitting in the nest a few minutes later.
She saw traditional hats, colorful hats, and lots of silly hats. She picked up a silly hat and had an idea for a joke. She bought the hat to do the joke and went home.
However to their dismay, their enemy Tina arrived. They asked Tina to leave. She wouldn't leave so they were stuck with her.
She changed her clothes 4 times. She wanted to look as adult as possible. In the end she had nothing she wanted to wear.
I had a local IPA. IPA is short for India Pale Ale. My drink was good but so strong I had only half.
I started my flying lessons and loved them. Over the next few Year's, I got very good at flying. On my fortieth birthday, I decided to leave my job and become a pilot.
She sat down in an empty chair. A girl walked in and wanted Amy's chair so she could sit with a friend Amy was embarrassed as she walked across the room to another chair.
He jumped on his skateboard. He fell awkwardly on his side. Luckily, Jake was uninjured from his attempt.
Sue's parrot kept her up all night. Eventually it began to calm down. Sue learned to feed her parrot to make it stop making noise.
They both went together. Chris loved looking at the animals. Chris had a great time at the zoo with his friend.
One day, he went with some friends to a hockey game. He loved the sport, but not the indoor temperature. He didn't like that he had to dress for the cold inside as well.
He walked over to the water to throw scraps to the geese. One goose jumped out of the water to chase him! He dropped the scraps as he ran from the goose.
He wins first place in the competition. Dan starts competing in video game tournaments nationally. Dan becomes one of the best players in the world and earns millions.
Benisha likes the flute, but hates to practice. Last week her teacher cancelled lessons forever. This week Benisha practiced the flute every day.
Jane misfired accidentally. She shot her dad in the chest. He bled out and died within minutes.
One night she got a great idea. She wanted to create the perfect app for new moms. The next day she contacted some people and got the app started.
Just as he reached for it, his coworker grabbed it. His coworker then proceeded to take three more and walk away. Simon didn't like the other flavors, so he didn't have a donut.
Every day she went in and sang. When she finished, she sent the album to companies. She was glad she'd gotten studio time to record her album.
He dropped his phone in the bowl of soup. Brett ran to the kitchen asking for rice. After find the chef, he placed his phone in a bowl of rice.
He was screaming. He wanted more french fries. Samantha had to leave because it was too loud.
Tiffany decided to try weight lifting. She went to the gym and started lifting super heavyweights. Tiffany threw her back out and had to wait to start working out again.
Finally, his father bought a lock for it. He let Tom make sure it was latched before bed every night. Now Tom can get a good night's sleep.
She tried meeting a man through classified ads and online. After Years of trying to meet another man, she lost hope. Juanita decided she would be single for the rest of her life.
John was wanted dead or alive. Benji leapt at the bounty hunter and pinned him to the ground. John knocked the bounty hunter out and made his escape.
Passing by a cafe he heard loud commotion. He looked over his shoulder and saw a large crowd. The large crowd was holding Peace posters.
Getting her own room was a dream come true. She didn't even move her bed. She was so happy she didn't care if she slept on the floor.
Then, his cousin Sam came over and they played board games all night. Before he knew it, the sun was rising. Sam showed him that the secret was keeping your mind active.
Brian gave his axe to Sam. Sam swung at a small tree and chopped it down. Brian gave Sam a high five.
He made himself comfortable on his bed. He got out his favorite book and read for hours. When he was done reading, the sun began to shine outside.
As he was about to take a bite a bird swooped down and grabbed it. The bird flew off with his sandwich into the sky. Jimmy bought some fast food to satisfy his appetite on his way home.
When Larry arrived he rushed out his car. The parking lot was icy and Larry slipped and fell. He promised to get up on time for church from then on.
I went to a friend's home and borrowed his spare bike. I rode that bike and crashed it at high speed. I limped home, bleeding, to the "i told you so" of my parents.
He knew he didn't time to get in close so he took a shot at half court As the ball flew from his hands, the stadium was practically silent. The crowd cheered when the ball landed perfectly inside the net.
He was expecting this one to be the same way, but not his friends. They had secretly booked him a trip out of town. He could not believe it when they all surprised him with the gift.
I panicked and went back inside and called my power department. Several professionals showed up later and fixed the power line issue. I went outside and quickly grabbed my newspaper.
There were so many people on the bus it was hard to find a seat. An old man in the back said there was an open seat by him. I walked to the back and sat next to him.
She read some books on the subject, but they only helped a little. Finally she enrolled the dog in a professional obedience class. The expert help did the trick and the dog was significantly improved.
So she told her mother all the good things she could come up with. But her mother had made up her mind. There was nothing she could say to convince her mother.
Lita's friend told her to use an online tax service. Lita found one that she felt comfortable using. She was surprised to have completed her tax return in mere minutes.
Abby had to take care of him while her parents were at work. She cuddled with him on the couch while he recovered. Now that he's no longer sick they play together every day.
Suddenly, Jane's horse spooked at the sound of a tree branch breaking. Jan's horse bucked  and Jane was thrown hard to the ground. Jane was not hurt because she wore her riding helmet and her chaps.
But his friend convinced him to study one day. It felt like he made little progress. But he understood more than he did before.
Then he set up food and games. Finally, he put some good music on. His friends showed up and the party went well.
He put sausage, ham, chicken, bacon, eggs, and waffles on his plate. But he quickly realized he couldn't finish it all. Ryan stayed at the buffet for another hour to finish most of it.
It was a hot day. And David stood outside watering his lawn for half an hour. But the next day, it rained.
She wrote a song about Billy. Now Misty and Billy date. They are even going to have a child soon!
Several hours later he fell ill. He went to the doctor to cure his illness. His doctor gave him antibiotics to get better.
She drove to her local laundromat. She read a book while she waited for her clothes. She put on fresh clothes and went out with her friends after.
But Ida surprised him with her first craving. She didn't request anything weird like peanut butter and pickles. Instead, she wanted a plain, ordinary cheeseburger and fries!
We enjoyed playing together. We stayed in contact throughout the years. We both have children of our own now.
But when he rinsed it out, he was disappointed. The streaks were pale and patchy. Tim realized he should've let a professional streak his hair!
Sometimes he gives them cheese to cheer them up. He brings some friends in to help take care of them sometimes. They find the mice to be cute and cuddly.
He decided to quit one day. He uninstalled the game. Matt was able to quit by keeping himself preoccupied with school.
She went home and made sure she did her best job on it. When she went to the bathroom, her dog came by and ate her papers. The teacher did not believe her and Cindy didn't get any candy.
Tom wanted to cleanse his system. Tom drank the whole bottle. Soon thereafter Tom had to go to the restroom.
When the big game started Bonnie was very tired. She was so exhausted that she did not play very well. Bonnie's team ended up losing the game.
After finding something to wear, Dan drove to the club. Once there, Dan requested his favorite song be played. Dan had a great time dancing to his favorite song at the club.
The cream said it would reduce Iva's wrinkles in six weeks. She used it religiously for all six weeks. She was glad to see that her wrinkles did indeed get smaller.
They buy materials and start to work. They work very hard together until finally the cabin is complete. Aurelia is very proud of the cabin she built.
She couldn't afford to buy a pair. Then she went to the goodwill and found some for $5. Anna was able to keep her feet warm that winter after all!
Unfortunately however it got stuck in the door. The sweater was ruined. She was disappointed by but got a new one.
He told his mom so that she could schedule a doctor's appointment. When they arrived, the doctor explained what narcolepsy is. Now Jacob only wakes up in his bed.
After much practice, Mark thought she was ready to play. The first hand she was dealt contained three kings. Sue forgot all about keeping a poker face.
He knew that there was something bad happening. He held one hand over the ejection seat button. He tried to fix it but in the end he hand to eject.
A road trip was the answer for this. He went from school to school taking in the culture. In the end, he finally settled on a stellar Community College.
Unfortunately she never got any call backs from her auditions. Distraught she called her father. He pulled some strings to allow for Lucy to finally land a role.
The bear scared my dog and I. I yelled and my dog barked at the bear. The bear ran away and never looked back.
Howard thought hard about the process and called in an employee. While calling in the employee, his boss changed his mind. Howard told the employee nevermind and went back to work.
He goes to his neighbor's house to look for food. Today was the kittens lucky day he finds a fresh fish. After the kitten eats his fish he returns home.
Sandra followed the girl to her car . And she saw the girl take money from the donation box. Sandra recorded it and showed it to school authorities.
The doctor said Sarah had a cold He gave her some medication to help. The next day, Sarah felt better.
Mike decided that the gas could wait. He went out driving and ended up stranded because he ran out of gas. Mike painfully had to admit that he should have listened to his wife.
They decided to ask an expert to settle it. The friends ask their English professor for his advice. The professor told them that they were both wrong in the matter.
She worked very diligently all summer. She saved the money that she made over summer. Tara was able to buy her textbooks with the money that she made.
At bedtime, skies were cold but clear. He prayed for snow, then shut his eyes and drifted off. When he woke, there was a swirling blizzard outside - and no school!
She had the copy made at her local grocery store. She decided to carry both keys with her. One she put on a safety pin, and secured it in a pocket of her purse.
One day he was riding a monster wave. He fell off the board and got knocked out. To this day they never have found the body.
When she took the cat inside, she gave him some tuna. The cat ate quickly. Robin named the cat Mittens.
However, he accidentally threw a red dress shirt in the washer. When the clothes were done, he straightened the clothes. In addition, he noticed that his red dress shirt was bleached.
When Laurel's husband died suddenly of a stroke she married Phil. No one in town could believe that Phil left his wife for Laurel. The only one that wasn't shocked was Phil's ex wife, Angelique.
He feared he wouldn't make any friends at all. Then Cole realized that his classmates were all friends from Pre-K. Cole had fifteen friends in his class, happy to see him!
Unfortunately their boat was vandalized one winter. The damages were so bad that they could not repair their boat. Now every summer the Jones go to the lake and cry about their boat.
She swerved to avoid it but almost caused an accident. She was honked at by two other cars that almost crashed. She wondered after that if it was worth swerving in the first place.
When the ABA folded, he ended up with the NBA's Philadelphia Sixers. He led The Sixers to the NBA finals several times. The Sixers won the championship in 1984 and Dr J was the reason why.
At the doctor, Billy was worried he'd have to get a shot. The doctor told him he had strep throat, and could take medicine. Billy left the doctor with his medicine and knew he would feel better.
I wanted more once I met my wife. She made it worth while to work hard. My career has taken off thanks to my wife.
So far, his boss hadn't received anything. Alex decided to look for a business that could help. He found out that the post office could do it, and had it done.
Rick was very handy and Lucy loved to help. They worked on the house many hours for months. Then they sold the beautifully renovated house for a huge profit.
He thought for sure she would refuse him. Finally, he built up his courage and proposed. And to his shock and joy, she accepted!
They loaded up the boat. They forgot to check the weather. Because it was raining, they had to cancel the trip.
He spent five years alone in the wilderness and wrote many novels. His novels were published upon his return and he was called a genius. He donated all his money back to charity and everyone was happy.
One night, Bobby saw his friend get robbed and beaten badly. Bobby could not help his friend, because they ran away into the night. Bobby now tries not to stay out late anymore.
During a moment of inattentiveness, he knocks the glass over. Water spills all over the keyboard. Matthew looses computer privileges for a month.
They yelled at each other. Cindy stormed out. She decided they were no longer friends.
It was clogged and I didn't know. I flushed and it overflowed. I had to sneak out the window.
She printed the report out and put it in her backpack. When she got to school she couldn't find her report. She ended up failing her History class.
He then went to the local store, but it too was empty. Just as he was about to give up, he remembered his friend had soda. He went and knocked on his friend's door and finally got a soda.
Chris had to cancel all of his plans for the weekend and stay inside. Chris was initially upset about losing his vacation time. Then Chris realized how lucky he was and prayed for the victims.
While waiting to go in, she had a special feeling in her belly. When the doctor finished his check up, he gave her a big smile. He told her the news that she was indeed pregnant!
My nephew walked away and I heard a loud crash. I walked over and saw that the glass had shattered on the floor. I grabbed a dustpan and a broom and cleaned up the glass.
All of sudden she saw movement in the grass. Jenna screamed in terror. A snake crawled within a few feet of her.
On their next date he insists that she cook for him. Instead of telling him the truth she gets her friend to cook for her. When he finds out that she's a liar he doesn't want to see her again.
This caused all of the bikes to go falling over. He looked around and saw that no one had seen. Quickly, he fled from the seen.
I didn't hear an answer. I grabbed a baseball bat for for protection. The knocking was just the wind so I didn't need the bat.
He told his parents that he was an adult. They showed him the electric bill. Tom no longer wanted to be an adult.
At the shoe store I ask the clerk for help. I bought the brand she recommended. The new shoes work great and everyone loved them.
It was very interactive. I gave a brief five minute presentation to the whole class. Overall I feel as though I learned a lot.
When the oven was warm he put in a frozen pizza. He forgot to set a timer and the pizza burned! Now the entire family must go out for lunch.
She wanted to see it for herself. She she unscrewed the pipe and looked inside. Inside she found a severed human hand.
One day Kay's mother gave her a brand new kid sized table. Kay was happy since this was the toy she missed most. Even though she liked the table she still missed the old one.
Jane thought she would try to catch the squirrel. Jane ran towards the squirrel and it was frightened! Jane learned that squirrels are fast.
He logged into the course and joined the intro live class. There were introductions for his classmates and the instructor. Fred ended up completing the online course with a passing grade.
So he called a smart friend over to help him install it. His friend got it figured out in no time. Soon the two boys were gaming together happily!
She went to the polls early that morning. Then, she voted for her preferred candidate. She was glad when he won later that evening.
She always gossiped about other people and said ugly things. Soon, her behavior made no one want to be friends with her. When she lost all her friends, she became very lonely.
He wrote a verse about the people he met. Then he went to a bar to share his song so far. The people there loved his song so far.
Eventually the old purse developed a large rip that couldn't be fixed Allie sadly admitted she needed a new one and went shopping. She missed her old purse, but began to love the new one just as much.
Austin was too tired to be holding anything above his face last night. He fell asleep and dropped the iPad directly on his nose. He now has a broken iPad screen and a broken nose.
It quickly became my absolute favorite. I decided to try to attend one of her concerts. I discovered that she has been dead for half a century.
She sauteed vegetables and pureed her own tomatoes. They sat down to eat and Sandy tasted the sauce. It was not good but he ate it anyway.
When he looked at her, he noticed she was looking at him. Mike walked over to her and they began to passionately talk. It was love at first sight, and the two fell into a strong love.
Tami whispered about the boy quietly. But Gina whispered loudly, hoping he would hear her. But the boy either didn't hear, or didn't care what was being said.
The first hour was spent mixing lemonade. The rest of the time he was selling lemonade. At the end of the day he made 25 dollars.
The pizza was massive. She couldn't believe how large it was. She could hardly finish it.
One morning, his boss was there and wrote him up for loitering. His boss also berated him for being such a square. Sam no longer enjoys going to work.
He was dancing like a madman when suddenly the music stopped. Everyone looked at Tom while he kept on dancing. He was having such a good time, he didn't know the music had stopped.
He knew he trained harder than all of the jocks and he would prove it. Tony took them to his gym and watched them each quit within minutes. No one ever said a thing to Tony again.
Something caught Tom's line, but it was too big. It pulled him over the side of the boat and he almost drowned. Tom never went fishing with his friends again.
I drove over to my local Etrade office. They set me up with a new account. I was surprised how simple it was.
This proved futile. Fish neither speak nor understand speech. Undeterred, he turned his attention to a passing goose.
However, the wheel ended up locked in the process. As he was trying to unlock the wheel, the car flipped over. Luckily, Benny came out safe.
Tim rushed out the door without breakfast. He barely made it to class on time. Tim spent the rest of the morning hungry.
He tried so hard to write a book and persisted for many years. One day he finished his first novel and submitted it for publishing. His story was approved and sold many copies.
I scrubbed the dirt off of the tile. I got a towel and dried the floor. I put the cleaning materials away.
But his parents weren't home. Ron decided driving would be easy enough. But he hit a car while trying to drive around his neighborhood.
Darlene needed to warn her boyfriend but he did not have a phone. Darlene ran to her boyfriend's house, hoping to catch him. Her boyfriend beat her to her house and her parents were home.
The moving truck arrived early in the morning. To her surprise, everything fit into one load. By the time she got to the place, a lot of her stuff was unpacked.
One day, little baby fish appeared in the tank. His fish had had babies! Oliver named all of the fish and loved them all.
I fell asleep before he got back. The next morning I realized he still wasn't back. My mom and I never really talked about it after that.
That's when his sister realized the stench was coming from his mouth. When he went to the doctor they found he had a mouth infection. Once he started on antibiotics the smell cleared right up.
Lily was sitting by one when something hit the ground. It was a coconut! Her grandpa opened if for her to taste it.
In addition, He never sends the mail directly to someone. When the neighbor asked for it, one of the messages got thrown at him. The man collapsed on the ground.
Scientists took over his backyard, digging for more bone. They found a complete skeleton of an unknown species of dinosaur. John was thrilled when they named the Dinosaur after him.
She rented a hall and hired a videographer. We toasted the daughter as she danced in a fancy white dress. It was first and only appearance at a quinceanera.
She sprayed them down with some sort of laundry booster. Then put them in the wash. On his next game he had a clean uniform.
I took it to my friend to fix. He was able to update the operating system. Now my computer works again.
She quickly picked up her phone and threw it at the sound. Her phone flew out the window and hit a cat. Brenda went outside to get her phone and bring her cat in.
But she was afraid her mom might not like it. So she puts three teaspoons of sugar in it. But the oatmeal was so sweet that Kim couldn't finish it.
He figured it was his shoes. Jackson bought a nice new pair of shoes. They no longer had a reason to tease Jackson.
Marie spent the next decade studying hard. She accepted a job at NASA. She became an astronaut!
He dreamed too much. And he never accomplished anything. So he couldn't afford a car at all.
Linda put on a mask and decided to be a vigilante. Instead, the protesters thought she was one of them. They lifted her above their shoulders and chanted her name.
He failed the audition for the trumpet section. The director suggested that he switch to kazoo. Pete went home to practice for the kazoo tryout.
Terry decided to become a vegetarian. At first, he found it hard to eat wholesome meals without meat. Soon enough, he adjusted to the vegetarian diet and loved it!
Sarah patted her pocket and realized she forgot her lunch money! John smiled and gave her the money for her lunch. Sarah thanked him profusely and they enjoyed their lunch together!
Amanda asked Dana what was in the shoe-box. Dana said old pictures but she couldn't see them. She went by her mother-in-law's home and the photos were nude selfies.
One day, Don saw her fingerprints all over his microwave. He was fed up, and started to yell at her. She apologized and promised to keep things cleaner.
The boy agreed and mowed her lawn for her. When Mabel went to give the boy money he wouldn't take it. Mable shed a tear from the boy's kindness.
The toddler threw the cup though, wanting another cup instead. Glenda had to pour the beverage into the other cup. The child sauntered away happily, leaving the mess to Glenda.
With a Monopoly game in hand, they climbed the stairs. When the door opened, her father turned from his sandwich and stared. The girls pretended they went to get the game, and he believed them.
He took Mary out for a romantic dinner. Tony pulled out a little blue box. He proposed to his love on Valentine's Day.
Lorraine takes the long drive to Idaho where her brother lives. They have a reasonably pleasant visit. When the visit is over, Lorraine feels happy to be home.
On her first drive a car crashed into her car. It wasn't her fault but it still scared her. As a result she never wanted to drive again.
So he decided to play basketball inside. His basketball hit the television. And Jack was forced to stop.
Amy made it a point to ask how the customers day was going. One day a lady told Amy's boss she was a great worker. Her boss told her he was pleased with her progress.
Franklin was caught one day and arrested. He spent over a year in jail for his crime. Franklin still steals and hasn't changed his ways.
Janet was suspicious and immediately suspected a prank at hand. She guessed that her friend Claire was the culprit but was not sure. To this day, none of her friends have taken credit for this.
He practiced his moves everyday. He demonstrated his training to his instructor. His instructor awarded him with a black belt for his hard work.
He cut down the tree and started crafting bows out of it. The bows were so well balanced that all the pro's wanted one! Bill sold his bows for millions to the enthusiasts!
All he would do was sway. My wife turned on the radio. We changed it to a dancing lesson.
Her nail accidentally ripped off. She clutched her foot in pain. Finally, she took a look and saw that the whole thing was gone.
Luckily for the bird, it flew and landed safely. The mother bird came to check on the bird. The bird was okay and things were good.
Stacy met Lucy at the mall entrance. Lucy wanted to go to the food court, but Stacy wanted to shop. They decided to shop first, and then they got some pizza.
She bought a cookbook. She followed one of the recipes as best as she could. Gavin changed his mind.
They climbed into his boat. Then he started it up and they were off! Anna had a wonderful day on the water.
He started talking to the bartender. They ended up liking each other. He got her number.
The ride stated that they couldn't make it. She did not know what to do. She ended up taking a cab.
Both of us had two shorts. I ended up getting a birdie on the last shot. He lost since he ended up with a bogey.
When night fell, they started to hear scary noises. They thought there was a bear outside their tent. When they checked, it was only a tree branch!
While the steaks were on the grill, he entertained his guests. Jon forgot to turn the steaks. His steaks were burned on one side.
The boy explained that he just broke up with his girl and was sad The friend gave him a big hug. He helped the boy by burning all the pictures that reminded him of her
He looked up and saw a five foot monitor lizard climbing on his house! The old man called a local wildlife reserve institute. They came and safely removed the lizard to its natural habitat.
We often argue over the temperature. We agreed to keep it in the middle of our preferences. Now we argue over our preferences.
The performance was in a theater in Boston. She enjoyed the performance very much. She now has a daughter and will take her to the ballet someday.
Seeing the one mile marker ahead, I increased my speed. Passing the two mile mark, I started to get a leg cramp. By mile five, I had to stop, and couldn't finish the race.
But he wanted to become healthier. Ron walked for an hour every day. And after a month, he noticed himself looking thinner.
She said squid and octopus. Although he refused to eat it, his mom threatened him to eat it. After taking his first bite, Ben threw up.
The court clerk gave him some paperwork to fill out. Bob filled out the paperwork and gave it to the clerk. Now Bob's name is Jack.
She searched everywhere for the source. Then, she spotted an old egg behind the fridge. It had fallen back there and was now rotten and stinky.
I started baking them and began to clean the house. As I was cleaning, the buns caught in fire! I put out the fire and vowed never to make hot buns again.
However, this time, Marco falls asleep in the back seat. When the family arrives home he finally wakes up. He wishes had stayed awake for the car ride.
The kids got out their umbrellas. I put on my galoshes. We all went stomping in puddles.
Sandra asked her what was wrong. The little girl said she was locked out of her house. Sandra sat down and waited with her for her parents to come home.
That morning, she followed a recipe she had found online. Something went wrong and it was more like soup than sauce. The stores were closed so she had to take it to their house anyway.
She picked out the perfect thread. She sat down in front of a sewing machine, ready to work. Suddenly, she realized she did not know how to sew at all.
Since he got his first job he started saving money away. It took him ten Years to finally have enough for a car. He still drives it to this day.
After one month the shoes started to fall apart. I was frustrated and at the time I couldn't afford new shoes. For almost a whole month I walked around with torn shoes.
Then I went off to join the Army. In his absence, Ava noticed a strange thing. She actually missed her brother Ari!
The family sat down at the table to eat and began to talk politics. Ben's uncle became very angry at his wife's brother over a disagreement. The tension became so great that the whole night was ruined.
At home, he cooked his wife a fancy dinner. She was so surprised when she got home from work! When she saw the dinner, she nearly cried with happiness.
She was excited to see there was a prize inside. Until she saw the prize was a wash off tattoo. Amy felt bad her mom had such lame toys as a kid.
Each day the farmer took Whitey's egg from the nestbox. Whitey was sad to always lose her eggs. Whitey learned to hide her eggs so she could keep them and be happy.
I thought I was going to get in trouble for calling out sick last week Instead I was offered a promotion and a raise. I'm looking forward to my new work responsibilities.
Yolanda quickly ran away from Cassandra. Cassandra chased after Yolanda across an open field of grass. Yolanda was able to make it home before her bully could catch her.
There are a number of sites that sell these fake jerseys. They look similar, but are of poor quality and are much cheaper. So just because they look similar, doesn't mean they are real!
Bob spent 300 dollars on merchandise and brought it all to school. He could barely walk around wearing all that stuff! Bob earned a bunch of points for his contributions that day.
After erecting their tent, John and Mark bedded down for the night. Mark bolted up, saying he heard a scary animal lurking outside. At that moment, a skunk walked right into their tent.
Emma insisted that she had gotten less then him. Shane didn't want to fight, so he just conceded. Emma ate the pizza but shared a bite with Shane.
He confessed that he was addicted to drugs. I decided to take him to a psychologist. The psychologist helped my son overcome his addiction.
Unfortunately, they don't have the money. Ben decided he and his wife will do the renovations themselves. The kitchen turned out better than they ever hoped.
Yet to her dismay, the service was terrible. Kelly was upset. She did not leave a tip and never wanted to return.
He went to the doctor to get it checked out. The doctor told him he had the flu. He spent the rest of the day resting to get better.
Julia decided to meet with her supervisor. She was able to negotiate a pay increase. She felt accomplished in achieving her goal.
Wayne spent the entire summer working on his speed. And he had a late growth spurt and grew three inches. He made the team the following year.
At home I called in sick to work. My boss asked me why I couldn't come in. I told him I'd gotten sick from all the humidity.
Harvey and his family drove to their hotel location. When they arrived, the family was greeted by constant rain. It rained so hard, the family had to go home.
With a wavery voice she pleaded with him. Wouldn't he let her keep the puppy, she begged. Her father finally acquiesced and Eloise hugged the puppy.
He cooked them and defeathered them They looked just like chickens, he knew no one would notice. Kevin was later given a health code violation and had to close shop.
It was the perfect size. The took it the their car and tied it down. When they got home they decorated it.
I spent the next year proving him wrong and trying my best everyday. A year later he pulled me into his office and promoted me. He said that he didn't do it sooner because he wanted to motivate me.
Tito wagged his tail as Alice attached the leash and tied her shoes. They walked for about half an hour, enjoying the sights and smells. Afterwards, Alice took a shower and Tito was ready for a nap.
One day a big storm blew over the stables and destroyed the stands. Joe now uses a track much further away. He misses the familiarity of his old track.
I finally surprised her late that evening. She said that she had been very worried I wasn't going to do anything. I told her that was the best part of the day.
I decided to go as a chef. I can't find any cartoonish chef hats available anywhere. All I can find are actual normal chef hats.
When I arrived, I saw the band getting out of their tour bus. The lead singer turned to me and said hello. We ended up talking and he invited me to sit backstage!
Frost took over. Plants died. Old man winter finally came to visit.
He wondered how she could be so cruel. He determined he was adopted and wanted to give his mom respect. On, what he thought, was his last visit he saw he looked like his mom.
Jay was upset but kept trying. After a while, he figured it was pointless. He has to try to get over it.
Even in high school, they bickered constantly. But as they grew into adults, they became friends. Eventually Anna realized her big sister was her very best friend.
When he found out that he had cancer he knew that he would die. Rick accepted his fate and started to say good bye. He passed away while he was sleeping and had a smile on his face.
She had a dress code that she had to stick to. She didn't have anything to match the mandatory dress code. My sister surprised my daughter with the outfit that she needed.
He read the pamphlet again. He realized it was a cover band, not the actual band. Francis left the concert disappointed.
The volunteer promised to try but said it would be difficult. The next evening the volunteer met her friend for coffee. Standing in front of the  coffee shop was the ball player!
He tore a chunk off himself. And kept the brick as a souvenir. He eventually gave it to his grandson.
Bill decided he was going to learn to play guitar. He became very good after much practice. Today, Bill has his own band.
She named the kitten mitten. She loved the kitten very much. After mitten came into Mary's life she wasn't lonely any more.
I saw a wolf standing by a snow bank. We stared at each other for what felt like a very long time. I slowly backed away and went home.
And she sprayed air at it with a compressed air canister. The dust went in her throat and eyes. And Jill ended up feeling sick.
Gavin proposed they share the court. The other kids refused Gavin's offer and challenged them. Gavin's team won and defended their right to the court.
He ran into the kitchen and saw an oil fire. He remembered to smother it instead of using water. Luckily, the fire was subdued and didn't make too much damage.
During graduation he was excited to start working. John had an intense first day on the job. It was different than expected but motivating still.
He worried he'd never meet a girl. One day at the park, a woman showed up with binoculars. She asked if they could watch birds together and they held hands.
Gina sat outside and talked to him. The dog stared at her face eagerly. Gina's heart broke to think she had to let him go.
That morning, she attempted to put the bird into the oven. But it was too big so she couldn't get it in. She had to fix burgers that she had in the freezer instead.
He went home and asked his wife to cook dinner. His wife cooked dinner. Tom was ate dinner and satiated his appetite.
It was her first time drinking coffee so she was unprepared. She dragged herself to the lunch room to eat. She simply hoped eating lunch would make her feel better.
But during the graduation ceremony, Kate began to feel sad. She thought of her friends and teachers. Kate was no longer excited to graduate.
My 9 year old son was very sad, and cried on moving day. We helped them move and waved goodbye. They moved back to New England in 2001, much to our joy.
He texted his wife telling her that he had to work. Jerry was barely awake by the time he got home. Jerry had to eat microwaved leftovers for his dinner.
But Charles didn't consider that job a professional job. Frank was offended and didn't offer Charles a position. Frank's boss was upset and demanded Frank hire Charles.
George finally gave in and forked over the money for them. Upon using them, he realized that the headphones were low quality. George felt ripped off and returned the headphones.
Seth quickly shrugged him off and walked past Then suddenly Seth started to feel remorse for the man He turned around and gave him everything he had
A week later, he goes on facebook and checks her page. She has a new boyfriend. Sam realizes that it wasn't a open relationship.
The winner of the game would get a date with Cassie. Cassie was the town's prettiest girl. Jason played the game, but he ended up losing.
Then she realized that it was broken. She ran to the nearest Walmart. Then she bought them a new tent.
He puts an ad in craigslist renting out the rooms. When his parents come home early they are furious. They ground Alex for six months.
I got her number and was excited to continue. I then found out she had a roommate, or boyfriend as I call it. I ended things and felt bad for even being involved.
Bob practiced for Years. Bob got to college and played soccer. Bob got scouted and became a professional player!
Tammy loved art and children. She decided to open a face painting business. She made lots of money and ended up happy.
She got some free boxes from the liquor store in town. Everything she no longer needed got folded and placed in the boxes. When she was done, she donated everything and felt great.
When she saw the teacher at school she would avert her eyes. She didn't want to be asked when she was coming to class again. Amy felt bad afterwards for being rude.
He wondered if he were getting fired. But then his manager told him some good news. Brad was being promoted to vice president!
She walked up to it. She pet the cat. They then decided to buy the cat.
He ignored his common sense and the law as he got into his car. He'd run her over so badly, pieces of her were stuck in the grille. The judge didn't throw the book at him so much as smash him with it.
I refused since it was a large increase. We continued to argue to several more minutes. On the bright side, we made an agreement.
Her dad warned her to sit still when Lily squirmed. As he trimmed her bangs, Lily strained to get out of reach. When the haircut was done, her bangs made a diagonal line.
Ella would fuss and cry and wouldn't eat his food. Eventually he tried making her plain macaroni and cheese. Ella loved the dish and Fred learned to keep meals simple for her.
Andy showed up at the theater and called Chuck. Chuck had forgotten about the movie and fell asleep. Andy was upset and told Chuck he had to pay him back for the ticket.
The built a pretend airplane and flew her to Fiji. They had her lay down, made ocean noises and gave her a cold drink. She said it was the best vacation ever!
After they visited the gallery Lenny surprised Shiela with a ring. It was exactly like her wedding ring except the diamond was huge! They decided they would renew their vows on their 50th Anniversary.
The local tornado sirens began to sound loudly. Keesha and her family all ran to their storm shelter. They stayed in there until the sirens were quiet again.
John attended church every week. John's priest suggested that he have an exorcism. He went to the exorcism to cleanse his soul.
He didn't know how to pay for them. His sister told him to try the dollar store. They had everything he needed!
She was watching cable at her Uncle Frank's house. There was a new sci-fi show she had never seen before. Gina hadn't realized how much she missed in 2 weeks without cable.
He screamed and he yelled, because the pain was intense. A doctor sawed off his mangled limb and bandaged his stump. He was sent back to the front with a wooden prosthesis.
This guys stayed on the wildest bull for over eight seconds. Even though this bull had thrown off everyone, Bill was the best. Hank had a hero, and wanted to grow up and be like Bill.
So, she decided to hire a professional organizer. The organizer came over and spent the day fixing up the mess. Pam was delighted to see her house clean and clutter free.
Each level of it had unique artifacts and exhibits. We loved watching some of the videos and reliving history. It is something we will absolutely want to go back to!
She was convinced that she would never eat animal meat again. Lacy threw out all the meat in her home. She is now a practicing vegetarian for over 5 years.
When it came time to check out he asked if they could buy it. His mom said no because they couldn't afford it. Luckily, someone behind them offered to buy it for him.
A pretty young girl hopped out of a car that had pulled over. Doug was very embarrassed when she changed his tire for him. He watched closely so he could do it next time.
She went in about an hour later to check on them. She found them putting doll clothes on her cat. She was shocked that her cat hadn't run away.
He is charming but looks nothing like his photos. Hannah asks for the check and leaves the date fast. Hannah doesn't regret leaving the man alone.
After school everyone gathered around to see them. Tim got beat up pretty badly. The bully knew he was no threat and bullied him even more.
Lindsay stopped in her tracks. She waited until the fox moved on from the area. She then rode as fast as she could away from the area.
They sat there and fished all day. Later on, his girlfriend had caught much more fish than him. Tom was proud of her even though he felt defeated.
She decides she needs to abort. She goes through with it. She is feeling bittersweet about it.
To the East, they could see the moon rising. They floated into the path of the setting sun on the water. It was a beautiful way to spend the evening.
Suddenly, his mom burst into the room. He had missed the bus. His mom had to drive him to school, and Greg was in trouble.
She dug holes in her backyard. Afterwards, she planted the trees in the holes. She watered them and cared for them until they grew big.
But he noticed that there was hair in his burger. So he told the waiter about it. Mike wasn't given a new burger and he left.
I told Fred's wife about how Fred said she is spoiled. She kiddingly said he is the spoiled one. We had some small talk before saying goodbye.
In doing so, she accidentally spilled some juice on Ashley. The attendant apologized, handing Ashley a paper towel. Ashley laughed off the whole ordeal and enjoyed her orange juice.
The crowd grew as the time went on and everyone was getting excited. A protester threw a brick at the library and cursed education loudly. The librarian came out and told them to please be more quiet.
She went to the back, hoping it wouldn't take too long. After a long time, she made it to the front. Unfortunately, almost everything was already gone.
One day, she was very mad at her boss and wrote about it. She soon realized that she was not in her diary, but on Facebook! Everyone saw her post and she was fired the next day!
I immediately went to go and buy it. I was the first one at the store. When I went home I immediately plugged it in.
Andrew mowed his friends lawn. He got the sixty dollars. He loved his new video games.
Ava took it inside and made it a home. Then she fed it by hand every day. Soon the bird strengthened and flew away!
She reached into her pockets. However she couldn't find her plane ticket anywhere. Luckily she could use her phone as a ticket too.
One day, Kim decided to quit her job. She quickly found a new job where she was treated better. Kim is much happier now.
She wasn't speeding and was confused. The cop arrested her. He thought she was someone else.
Mike began to speak about himself publicly. After only weeks of his success, tabloids began to lie about him. Mike became paranoid and more reclusive after the bad experience.
I noticed a beautiful blue jay. It quickly flew over to the feeder. Then back to it's nest with it's mouth full of food.
It made him so sad. He finally talked to a professional. Now he is able to work out his problems.
Once they returned home they noticed the door open and the tv gone. No forced entry meant the door was unlocked. Now Mary has to buy a new television.
The bike ride is very tiring and Sam was not prepared. He ends up partying more than bike riding. Sam is sore for months after the bike ride.
However, she squeezed a lemon into her eye. It took her several minutes to remove the pain from the stinging. She continued to cook afterwards although her eye was still in pain.
One of her small cousins spilled spaghetti all over her floor. He felt so badly, but Teresa forgave him immediately. It strengthened their relationship that she was so forgiving.
The old man went on vacation to his destination. The old man was lonely on his vacation. The old man realized that home was the best place.
Matt ate it. Tim was mad. Matt felt bad and bought him another one.
Suddenly, her mom saw her playing. She yelled that the game was to inappropriate. Then, she took the game away.
He yelled at his mother for an hour. He then felt really bad. He decided to clean his room and apologize.
The youngest kid played in the grass. It began to rainy. The mom and two kids ran to the car laughing.
He took her to the humane shelter to find one. She found two dogs she wanted. Her dad felt bad so got them both.
She put the bleach in and let it sit. When it came out, she was horrified. Her hair was now greenish brown.
One day his dad said they could build one. Bryan and his dad worked very hard on the tree house. He played in it every day after school.
He noticed all of the toys were lined up and arranged in patterns He was really proud of his toddler for being so smart. He found him and praised him for his patterns.
He has to call a tow company to change the tire. The next day he buys a real jack. He vows to never buy a Ford vehicle again.
She noticed that every other student had a laptop instead. They were all e-mail notes by the teacher instead of writing them. Nancy was surprised by how much things have change in schools.
He tacked it to every telephone pole around his house. The next day he got a call. The caller said he was strong and could help Sam.
After seeing it she wanted to listen to it. Gina hesitated but she still put the tape in the deck. They listened quietly so that her mother wouldn't hear them.
One day, he was jumping between buildings. He jumped between a dozen until he slipped on one building. He slipped before he jumped and stopped jumping buildings.
She watched the videos very closely to see how the trick is done. Joyce then practiced, and practiced, and practiced. Finally, she was able to masterfully perform the yoyo trick!
She thought it was because she was dressed differently than everyone. During her first class, she met a cool kid named Maria. Maria told her she was nervous, because it was her first day too.
I put the supplement on her food. She ate the food, but threw it up. She was even sicker than before.
Jim decided to go to California because of the weather. It rained when he arrived. Jim felt disappointed by his choice.
She still refused to clean her room. So her mama offered her a cookie and two quarters. Lorraine cleaned her room for the love of cookies.
He scratched off his ticket and saw the numbers. He won $30,000! He saved his money towards an apartment.
After a few months, I needed some extra money. When I tried to get into contact with Henry, I couldn't find him. His brother told me that he moved out of state.
He would sell his baskets in a local town. One day a group of tourists came through the town. They bought every last one of Barry's baskets!
She stood up and gripped her stomach. Then she threw up all over. A nurse came to help her.
All week the restaurant featured many onion specials. By the end of the week there were few onions left. Chef Red thanked all the cooks for helping get rid of the onions.
Or, she could go to Wal-Mart, which provides lower prices. Her budget on money is tighter than her budget on time. Emily decides to score some deals at Wal-Mart and do the self-checkout.
He could never decide on where to eat. Ted hated vegan food. Ted finally found an all you can eat buffet for both of them.
There was coffee all over his counter. Jerry cleaned up the mess with a towel. Afterwards, he drove to Starbucks to buy a coffee.
I've been on a quest to find the most sour. It's a tough quest during my lunch hour. I think I am going to take a sick day tomorrow to visit further shops.
I got to hold a baby monkey to show my students. The monkey became frightened and bit me. I had to go get a tetanus shot after that.
Every student in the class failed except her. The next day the teacher wrote the grades on the board. Every student in the class refused to speak to her from then on.
Soon after she ate some of the nuts she stopped breathing. In a panic, I called 911. She lived but found out the hard way that she has a severe nut allergy
Later, Tina's mom heard a howl from the cat. She found Tina holding the cat under the faucet. Tina said she was seeing how many lives the cat had left.
Sara helped Sam come out of his shell. Sam also helped Sara develop better manners. Sam and Sara are glad they met each other.
Andy scheduled an appointment with a doctor. The doctor reassured him during his exam and made him feel comfortable When it turned out to be nothing serious, Andy was glad he had gone.
His mom was angry and ran towards him. She aggressively kicked him in his knee. While the kid was crying, he couldn't get up.
Her daughter reached behind herself to throw items out of the cart. She screamed when Ana stopped to look at an item. Ana resolved never to take her child to the store again.
The tiny little dog yipped like he was being murdered. Finally the task was done. Chuck was now irritated by the scratches on his arms.
In three months, Joseph made it halfway across the USA! He continued strong until he reached the west coast. When he was done, Joseph decided to walk back the other way.
She found a video on the internet that taught her how to draw one. She watched the video and practiced a lot. Kelly now has a beautiful horse picture to give to her mother.
I worked there one very pleasant summer. I woke up in the morning and went to work. Came home at night and went to sleep.
While up on the latter the dad slipped and fell. He broke his neck and died. Loyd has never fully recovered from his mother's constant blame.
The machine only cost five cents per try. I won my first stuffed animal after six tries. I won three stuffed animals at the claw machine.
Her mom walked her to her bedroom when they got to the house. She had put Wendy's toys and furniture in it so she'd feel at home. That made Wendy feel more comfortable.
I went to the cafeteria instead. Surprisingly, I ran into a friend. We hung out for the remainder of the class period.
I tell myself it will be okay. I sit and think aloud. I will be happy tomorrow.
Then his mom sent him to rehab. Eugene learned many valuable skills there. Now he is drug free!
It flew into his neighbor's backyard. Max rang their doorbell and asked for his ball. Max's neighbor returned the ball, and then they continued playing.
Unfortunately she was out of peanut butter. Frita had to make a quick trip to the store for supplies. Thankfully she could afford more peanut butter and make the cookies.
But when she got there she realized it was not that fun. The weather was hot and stuffy and the lines were long. The only redeeming part was going for a swim at the hotel.
A few minutes after they were done playing, a pretty girl sat down. Bob's dog ran over to see her dog. Bob ended up on a date next weekend with the pretty girl.
He kept an eye on him most of the time. Ronald ignored him for one minute and he was gone. Ronald spent the rest of the day looking for his dog.
Larry wound up beating him easily. The professional had let him win. Larry had mental problems and felt happy.
First he memorized the alphabet. Then he began sounding out simple, easy words. Pretty soon he was reading quickly and fluently!
At first I began to panic, thinking I wouldn't be able to give gifts. I am now realizing that I put way too much emphasis on material things. I now think this year will be a more authentic celebration of Jesus birth.
Tom got a part time job as a bartender and saved up a lot of money. Tom went out and bought the engagement ring. He popped the question and is now married to Ann.
She ordered a drink to calm herself before Joe arrived. Grace got nervous when Joe still hadn't shown after fifteen minutes. Just as she was feeling foolish Joe walked in sweaty but smiling.
Dan decides to stay at home to write. Although he is more lonely, he saves more money. Dan is glad that he is saving money by skipping Starbucks.
He even wrote scripts based on movies he liked. One day he sneaked and saw an r rated movie. His parents were worried after they read his new script.
He had no reason to buy anything. He bought an apple though. He ate it on the walk back.
A blue book about fishing caught his eye. Bill took it to the front desk. The librarian said he couldn't take it out unless he paid an old fine.
No one was there but a big box was on her porch. She looked inside and saw a ton of gently used baby toys. It was really helpful because she was a poor mother.
During their visit, the grandma clutched a threadworn rag doll. Sue kissed her grandma goodbye for the last time. When she heard her grandma died, Sue asked for the rag doll.
I practiced in front of family and friends. When the time came to give the speech, I forgot it. I made up a speech on the spot that the class enjoyed.
Day after day, she would watch stock prices rise and fall. After a few years, she did not notice anything change. She recently pulled her stock out.
My dad was very angry. Fortunately, it came out very easily. My dad was not angry anymore.
The teacher persuaded me to take a beginner's class in Russian. I agreed to take the class. I loved it and spent the next year learning to speak it.
One day, she needed a shower when no one was there to watch her baby. She slid the baby carrier into the bathroom. Now Linda could take her shower without worry.
He bought a large waffle cone with two scoops of ice cream. As he was about to eat the top scoop of ice cream fell. Jake was sad about his loss and ate the rest of his cone.
When Lilly's mom asks if she has homework, she lies and says no! While she is outside playing with Becky, her mama checks her backpack. Now Lilly can't play with Becky for a week!
Richie invited all his friends to come over. Richie and his friends partied all night long. Richie cleaned up the mess that they made the next morning.
He tries to stomp it out but it was too big. He ran out and called the cops. He ended up losing the house.
Chuck realized that the marriage was failing and filed for divorce. The divorce finalized, he went to the French restaurant by himself. Anxious about dining alone, he decided to eat Burger King instead.
But as she left the subway she realized she had lost her phone! She ran down the subway entrance trying to look for her phone. Some stranger had picked it up and handed it back to her!
He drove to the grocery store. Gene went inside and bought his favorite foods. He bought the food and went home.
I gave him a burger I recently bought. He asked if there's pickles and I immediately said no. He gave the hamburger back and walked away.
Megan pulled out her phone to call her friend. Just then the door swung open. A man with a sinister grin greeted her.
The water poured down the counter towards her cook books. The books became soaking wet along the bottoms. From then on the paper looked slightly warped.
People had even brought tents to stay in. He eventually ended up getting a ticket. David thought that it was worth it.
Deb began to boil her eggs on high temperature. While they were boiling she went to shower. When she returned she had eggs exploded all over her kitchen.
At first Kevin was reluctant to speak to his therapist. But when they started speaking, he felt better. Slowly Kevin let the therapist improve his mental health.
He tried to return it to the rental place but it was closed down. Matt checked his credit history and there were no hits. He kept the movie.
Billy got upset and decided to call the whole thing off. Things are getting worse as Rob spreads rumors about Billy. Not wanting to be known as a cheater, Billy is out to confront Rob.
I remembered I didn't get the mail. I searched for my keys for the mailbox. I retraced my steps and the keys were in the door.
It landed on my ear and bit bee. I immediately jumped out of the swings and ran. My mom decided to clean the sting with some alcohol.
Someone next to Ferdy wants him to shut up. The person takes a hot dog and shoves it in Ferdy's mouth. Ferdy is not very happy and hits the man.
A lot of car exhaust diffused from the truck. As soon as it surrounded the boys, they covered their faces. In addition, they immediately moved in another direction.
Bob offered to help push the car out. With a mighty combined shove, the car was free! Bob waved then walked away, feeling great.
She blew and blew but they wouldn't go out. Her brother had put trick candles on her cake. She was afraid her birthday wish wouldn't come true!
Cindy started to have feelings for him. He was over one day and kissed Cindy. The guy never told his girlfriend he cheated.
She appealed to the Syrian rebels for help. The Syrian rebels found her son in a Daesh camp. The rebels freed the woman's son from the camp.
Her friend Tami joined in the chase. The two girls were no match for the thin tall boy. Gina realized they needed to come up with a plan to catch the boy.
In the championship game Gerald couldn't score enough points. The rest of his team worked very hard to help Gerald. Together they won the championship game!
I thought I was trying to be constructive. Either way I had to sleep on the couch. But I refuse to apologize for it having too much salt.
The box said to leave on for 2 minutes. Beth mistakenly thought it was 20 minutes. After 20 minutes Beth's hair was not blonde, but orange.
The police officer said that she was going 10 miles over the limit. Bethany apologized for not paying more attention. The police officer wrote Bethany a ticket for $50.
He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.
My wife took my keys off my neck. We left for Boston without them. My daughter mailed them back to us.
After some thought, she made an appointment with the dermatologist. The doctor suggested several products for her to try. Gina was so happy she went, because her complexion greatly improved.
He gave it a strong yank to get the cork out. The cork tore in two pieces. Chris had to remove the cork from the corkscrew and start again.
He was so nervous he forgot his resume in the car. He settled down and completed the interview. The next week, he received a job offer.
I had to stop the lawnmower and catch it. I released the frog into the stream by my house. The lawn was finished without frog casualties.
She used the broom handle to tap on various surfaces. As she tapped on the pantry, a snake hissed at Tess. Tess ran out of the kitchen, dropping the broom along the way.
The teacher expressed her disappointment in Nell. Nell said she didn't need to exercise because she wasn't a fatty. The teacher told the class she used to weigh 400 pounds.
Chemistry class was extremely boring for Dan. He fell asleep and started snoring loudly. Dan's teacher slammed books on his desk and Dan jumped up.
Eventually, I couldn't hold it any longer and I threw up. My Dad was covered in puke. My Dad started to curse and my friend was laughing.
On her birthday, she received many lovely presents. Finally, she opened the last one. She got a CD player!
This summer Cierra got the kids tickets to a special museum event. The event included an exclusive look at a new dinosaur exhibit. In the end they all had a great time creating a new memory together.
She decided to buy some. Then, she threw the fish to the animals. It was a really unique experience.
His mom always said that his friend had a lovely house. Tim decided to clean up his own house. His mother was happy that she finally had a lovely house.
I had to be very careful to finish the job with the cracked rake. Alas, the crack grew and the rake split in two. I took out tape and was able to fix the rake to finish the job.
Here she comes, muscles tense, shouting encouragement. She hits us perfectly on 7, absorbing with our legs, we burst up. She rides up, locks out on 8 and we hear and see our coaches go wild.
After several minutes, the GPS told him that he arrived. When Jon looked outside, nobody was here. He realized that he entered the wrong address.
Tito rode it for a long time. Then Tito lost his footing and fell. He hit his head on a coral and died.
It was moving towards the wide receiver. However, the opponent caught it. He managed to run towards the opposite side of the field.
Lisa starts writing a weekly column in the newspaper about fashion. Her parents and teachers are very proud of her. Lisa is happy she found a way to stay busy after school.
He attempted to copy the same moves in his home. On one attempt, Joe hurt his wrist really badly. Joe had to go to the hospital to get his wrist checked out after.
She gathered all the necessary supplies and chopped away. He ended up with really short patches. She decided to go to a professional next time.
Jake decided to go buy a new suit. The stores were all closed. Jake got married in shorts and a t-shirt.
Kyle went out to get paint and brushes at the hardware store. When he was done he realized that the supplies cost him $300. Now Kyle was right where he started.
She followed the procedure along with her classmates. Then, they waited outside. It turned out it was just a drill.
After finishing the painting, Will spilled a drink on it. He decided to coffee stain the piece to hide the stain. When he entered the painting, he did very well and won second place.
On his 7th birthday, his parents took him to the animal shelter. He almost immediately fell in love with a furry black puppy. He got to take it home with him that very day.
It began flying through his house, scaring everyone. Suddenly, it stopped on his sister and pooped. Frank was able to catch it and put it back.
When eating dinner Spot chewed on the track. The boys were horrified to see the track chewed up. They were sad the cards no longer worked on the chewed up track.
When Alex spoke to his Grandmother he asked her for one. When it arrived Alex's mom was furious. His dad made the final decision to allow him to keep the Nintendo.
It was twenty degrees and very cloudy with snow. Cal didn't have time to go back inside and grab a jacket. He ran all the way to his car and turned on the heat full blast!
One day he challenged his dad to a game of chess. His dad beat him three games in a row. Tom was both amazed and humbled at his dad.
Eventually Tom found a gym that was perfect for him. He started going regularly. Now Tom is in terrific shape.
On the way out I saw that they were selling the storefront sign. I asked the manager if I could buy that too. Now I have a large A&P sign in my living room.
We decided to watch a movie. The movie scared us. At least we weren't bored now.
Jen didn't want to say that she faked her numbers so she went with it. To cover her tracks, she staged a break-in and made it look real. The news report said robbers made off with $1 million in rubber bands.
The librarian reads the kids several books. The kids get a chance to pick out their own book. Stan had so much fun on the field trip.
Dad tells him there is no such thing as monsters but it doesn't help. So Dad gives him a blanket and tells him that it's a magic blanket. Sam believes that he is protected by the blanket and he sleeps well.
Finally a friend tells Joseph that his beard looks awful. Joseph decides to shave it. He never grows a beard again.
Instead of an incandescent bulb he'd buy some LED ones! Dan bought a whole set of LED bulbs for his bathroom. When he flicked the light-switch Dan was basked in their warm light.
She was nervous her friend would be mad. Her friend forgave her. She felt lucky to have a good friend.
The teacher said it was time to find a partner. All of the girls wanted John as a partner. John liked being the only boy in his dance class.
He had his large nose nose shrunk. But he still wasn't happy. Bob ended up getting plastic surgery 20 more times.
I researched the phenomenon and learned it's called Supercooling. I ended up trying it again on the rest of the water bottles. This made for good conversation with my Physicist dad.
I sat out in front of my house, waiting for them to begin. The person noticed, and was afraid they had been bothering me. I reassured them, and they played a private concert just for me!
He became extremely furious when he couldn't find it. The first thing he did was started to shout at his mom. She felt bad although it was her fault for misplacing the homework.
When she looked she saw that the chains were rusty. She told her dad. He was able to fix them up like new.
Officer Peterson walked up to Dave's door. He cautioned Dave that there was ice up ahead. Dave took his advice and went home where he would be safe.
She pretended to be just sitting on the front porch. She kept an eye on them through the window. When they weren't looking she got up, and walked away.
Elena didn't approve of what they were doing and told the teacher. The teacher told them to stop and gave them detentions. Elena felt nervous since she was the old who told the teacher.
After 2-3 hours he took it out and placed it on the table. When Janice looked at the bottom, the fish was raw. Everyone else found out that their fish was raw.
He would ignore the call. The phone finally stopped vibrating and then started again. Matt sighed and answered it, knowing he would finally meet his fate.
He had saved up for months for this event. He went to his mechanic and was able to get them installed. Brad was happy as he felt reassured about driving in the upcoming days
Jared walked into the line and waited to order. When Jared finally placed an order, confetti filled the room. The manager told Jared that he won a random large cash prize.
Her family decided to pray for her. They all came to her room and surrounded her. Together they prayed that she would get better.
Often the music was not recognizable as Christmas music. I liked listening these albums though. I still listen to classical Christmas albums during the season.
Each morning she filled it to the top. She carried it with her everywhere. The jug really helped Sam increase her water intake!
When they came home, Stanley yelled at them. His parents asked why he can't learn to cook for himself. He said that it wasn't necessary since he was living with them.
When he got to Duke, they told him he was too small. When he graduated from Duke, he was told he wasn't good enough. Now he's an All-Star for the D-League and he hopes to make the NBA.
The local fire department worked hard to put out the fire quickly. Unfortunately, the entire beach house collapsed from the damage. Skip's family was sad the vacation had to end so soon.
Alan was very excited because the team was doing well. He chose to enter them into the little league World Series. Alan took his team to the World Series and they won.
After investigating, Frank realized his car was broken. Frank picked up his phone and called for help. After an hour or so, a towing vehicle arrived to help Frank.
But she knew he loved adventure and had always wanted to go skydiving. So she bought two tickets. And the two of them had the time of their lives together.
Same as last year, at Nora's country house. But Nora sold that house just last week. Yes, and I bought it!
He just turned 16, but they celebrated Marks 4th birthday. They thought it was funny, but a cop heard them celebrate. They finished eating, and the cop stopped Mark to see his license!
She loved them so much that she did research about them online. It was then that she realized that their cage was much too small. Rachel built the guinea pigs a bigger cage.
he poured it in his bowl. He then realized there was no milk. This was gonna be a bad day.
I got my friends together and we ate a large breakfast together. We made it an exclusive group. We ended up doing this once a week.
Milly was shocked by how long the needles were. The practitioner asked for a volunteer to have a needle inserted. Milly moved to the back of the line to make sure he didn't pick her.
They had a great time listening to the band. They got lost on the way home, it took 2 hours to arrive at home. They laughed about it and enjoyed seeing their unique city.
She noticed fraudulent charges on it. Jane's bank put the money back in. They replaced her card as well.
I asked the current school staff but they did even know Horace. I researched Horace on the internet but I could not find anything. Now I know Horace married a celebrity because I called and asked him.
I couldn't leave my own house. My sister convinced me to see a doctor. I feel better now that I am medicated.
When she got home, she checked all the bags but the butter was missing Although annoyed, she ran back up to the store to get the butter. She made the cornbread and it tasted better than it ever had.
One day, Henry was running and knocked the vase over. Henry's mother was sad/ Henry's mother made him do extra chores for a week.
He tries a chicken curry. Alex is amazed by how delicious the curry tastes. He decides that he will try many new foods.
However, it landed in the sink. Before I can capture it, it fell inside the sinkhole. We requested a plumber to remove the pipe in order to get it.
A life guard saved him before it was too late. Billy took swimming lessons the next summer and learned to swim. When he was older he became a lifeguard.
I thought she had a great demeanor. We took her home that day. Nine Years later, she's still our best friend!
In addition, he announced that several people are going to be fired. Throughout the day, I tried to remain calm. However, I saw a notice on my desk that says I'm fired.
Andrew didn't have enough money to buy a ticket. He worked really hard doing chores at home to earn some money. Finally, Andrew saved up enough money so that he could buy the ticket!
He slinked through the dark corridors as silently as a shadow. Suddenly he freaked out as his face walked into a spiders web. The guards found him huddled in the corner shaking with fear.
They'd chosen to mark him for the ritualistic slaughter. Jim dived under a large green dumpster. The horde of Brothers raced by without finding him.
She sewed for a full day to make the best cat bed she could. Then, she gave it to her cat to see if he would like it. The cat slept in a box instead, because cats are like that.
After he got home, he decided to clean himself up. The next day, he purposely tripped Henry while he was walking. He also called Henry ugly since his face landed on the ground.
He proudly submitted the request after never missing a day of work. He was denied by his manager. He left the company soon after.
Instead of running around it, she ran through it. The puddle gave her a very wet shoe. Carly regretted the wet shoe all day.
The umpire was not sure if this was acceptable. He took out the rulebook and checked. Since there was no rule against it he allowed it.
It was for TGI Fridays. He planned to put the card in his pocket. It slipped through his pocket hole and he lost it.
It asked her if she would like to go to prom with him. Maybelline replied back maybe. Martin arrived at prom night still unsure if he had a date.
As she buttered the food, she noticed a bug. She was disgusted. She decided to throw the food out.
They had fun trying on dresses but she couldn't decide on one. She finally narrowed it down and texted pictures to her mom. Her mom liked the blue one best so she bought it.
He always had a hard time turning papers in. One day his teacher helped him clean out all the papers in his desk. Tavon had to stay in from recess to work on all the work he didn't do.
While waiting in line, she began feeling light headed. Suddenly, she fainted in the store. They took her to the hospital and luckily she was okay.
Suddenly, visitors began pouring in. Molly felt overwhelmed by the amount of people. Then, Chaz asked the guests to leave for a bit.
Then he got a new lure at the bait shop. He tried it out for the first time. He ended up with 10 fish by the end of the day.
They arrived to the venue an hour before. When they got there they got upgraded. It was the best night ever.
Jeff took the check and put it into his pocket. Later that day Jeff reached into his pocket to get his check. The check was nowhere to be found.
Then, she put the cake in to bake. Unfortunately, she fell asleep after putting the cake in to bake. The cake was burned and ruined!
When I mixed all my ingredients I put them in the oven. Unfortunately, the cake fell flat! Then I realized I forgot the baking powder, too bad.
But she hadn't been the one to start it. She hadn't realized all her other friends would take Mary's side. If she apologized, it would only be to regain her other friends.
Carly and her family lost all of their belongings and their home. Carly's family decided to move away. Carly and her family now live in Hawaii and are very happy.
He had to search for the phone. Once he found it, he made the phone call. He talked to his grandma and said thank you.
She checked out all the books on Russia that the library had. She also signed up for a class to learn Russian. Now she feels much more connected to her homeland.
He trained real hard for six months. He also ate extremely well and got plenty of sleep. He now squats well over three hundred pounds.
They used the boxes to make a great fort. They played in it all day. The fort was a great idea for having fun that day.
The doctor checked Jim's temperature and his throat. The doctor prescribed Jim some medicine and told him to rest. After Jim rested and took his medicine, he felt much better.
I through the line out into the water. I waited for a while until I caught a fish. I went home with the fish and ate it.
The nurse called for her doctor. The doctor came to her room. The doctor delivered Kate's baby.
The party seemed to go on forever. At 3 AM, Cindy called the police to complain. But minutes later, the party stopped.
The roller coaster height is about 300ft. It was my turn and I rode the roller coaster. The roller coaster ended up being disappointing and not scary at all.
The girls were all very excited. After a week none of them had a job yet. Amy was sad she wasn't able to get the club off the ground.
When no customers show up it is nearly a disaster. But Bill saves the day by getting his massive family to come. Jack forgives him but he never hires Bill again.
They were both really excited. When they arrived the girls took selfies out front. When they viewed their photo Matt Lauer was in the background.
When he looked out his mirror he could see rubber flopping around. Bob had to stop and fix a flat tire on his car. In fifteen minutes Bob was back on the freeway.
He found a deadly snake! He threw a rock at it. The snake bit the boy and he collapsed.
On the day of the party, Hank was nervous. When he got to the party, he was warmly greeted. Hank met a new friend, named Jon, at the party.
She wanted a light color and he wanted darker. Finally they played rock, paper, scissors. Elizabeth won and they went with light, but slightly dark blue.
I climbed into the driver seat and drove home. After getting home, I began to unload the groceries. While unloading the groceries, I noticed that I forgot several bags.
But she knew she wouldn't make it to the toilet. She pulled her dress down and pooped into the beverage cooler. The store owner captured the scene on video and it went viral.
It went right through their neighbor's window. Bobby went over to his neighbors to tell them he was sorry. He did their yard work the next month to pay for the damage.
Jimmy's father taught him how to fish. Jimmy ended up catching a sea bass. They have a great time.
It didn't take long for me to beat them all. I bought up all the properties I could and put hotels on them. In the end, I bankrupted everyone.
When Tammy grew up she left the farm and went to college. Tammy really missed riding her favorite horse Bongo. When Tammy came home she took Bongo out for a ride.
She tried to comb it but it wouldn't work. She decided to rub some coconut oil in it. Then, she was able to comb the hair out.
I went on walmart's website and found the perfect toy for infants. It teaches colors, shapes, music in three different languages. Knowing this would be a helpful and fun gift, I purchased it.
When they returned to school, they all received detention. The students were banned from field trips. Their parents were mad.
The other girl protested and told her to let it go. They argued over the frog for a minute. Finally, one of the girls let the frog go free in the bushes.
Then after dinner that night she got a surprise. Mom made banana splits for the whole family. That was the best way ever to eat a banana!
Bill was happy that John asked him out and so he agreed. Bill and John went on their first date and it was fantastic. Bill and John decided to get married a year later.
None of them had ever done this before, but they were excited. The guide lead them down the river and the water started churning. They had such an amazing time on the river that day.
But Mavis grew tired of kids trespassing in her garden. She built a tall wall around the garden to protect it. Now the neighbors never stop and Mavis is lonely in her garden.
She was doing her best but her score was not the highest. It seemed like another girl was going to win. Luckily, Savannah did really well with her talent and she won.
It was a lottery ticket. He scratched it off hoping his luck was changing. He won $10,000 on the spot!
He won on the first coin toss, then offered to double the bet. When he tossed the coin, it rolled and fell through a grate. The 'mark' reached in his pocket for another coin to toss.
He resolved to start biking instead. Every day he rode his bicycle to work and back. Ed felt so good about his positive eco-impact!
The games were set a 5 minutes each. I managed to beat some good players but lost to others. I enjoyed the tournament but could not attend others due to health.
His mom found out and made him go. A girl asked him to dance and he had to say yes. He was glad his mom made him go so he could dance with this girl.
He stepped outside and wondered how he would die again today. After a few steps and careful looks, he got hit by a Greyhound bus. Dean woke up screaming.
Jack didn't see his dog in the living room. When Jack went to lunch, his dog tore the book apart. Jack wished he had placed his book in a better spot.
Two officers said three boys beat up on one guy earlier today. The cops said Anthony and his two friends did the beating. It wasn't true, but Anthony still went to jail for an assault charge.
He learned he was very sadly mistaken. A host of ninjas jumped out of the darkness and attacked him. Suddenly, the director yelled at everyone to take five.
She tried on a tight one but didn't like it. Next she tried on a lacey one, but wasn't sure. Finally, she settled on a tulle gown.
She hollered and yelled at Gina for bringing a dog into the house. Her mother wanted the dog out of her house. Gina had to get it out of the house quickly.
Jim dreaded going in every day because he found it boring. Jim realized that accounting was not the field for him. He decided he was going to change his major.
He told us to stop talking although the talking continued. When the dismissal bell rung, he held the class. Everyone was late to their next class.
The car was totalled, and the deer was demolished. She had to call her husband to pick her up. She is now awaiting the insurance check so that she can get a new car.
Billy asked him to make him a CD. Jim charged him twenty dollars. Billy didn't have that much money.
Padraig chose a spot to dig in the dirt. After days, he found a large skull of a reptile. It was a dinosaur fossil, but Padraig was convinced it was a dragon.
He fell in love with her. She really helped him turn his life around. Soon they were married.
His parents took him school shopping. He felt much more confident with his new clothes and supplies. When the first day of school arrived, Mike was no longer afraid.
The ball hit the rim and bounced in. Ben's friends went wild with excitement. Ben Sherman back was still turned so he was confused.
She remembered that she hadn't seen her best friend in a long time. She called her up. Susan now had plans for the weekend.
Jake wouldn't let him. When Jake went to the bathroom Dan drove the truck. Jake yelled at Dan for playing with his toy.
He is very anxious about this, but goes to the airport anyway. His skydiving instructor is very nice. Jason skydives from the plane and lands safely.
Bob told a lie to his boss. Bob's boss found out and fired bob. Bob is now on welfare.
I was horrified. Then I remembered I could buy the protector for cheap. I then decided to buy another one.
The bee inside her ear stung her. She went into shock and passed out. She woke up hours later in a hospital without hearing in one ear.
She decided to make herself a sandwich. Sally ate her sandwich. After she finished her sandwich, Sally was full.
The belt was very tight on Jay. He had a very hard time getting it to stay on. Jay tossed aside the belt and said that he'd buy a new one.
Tom was sitting near her and begged her to trade with him. She accepted not knowing what she was getting. To her surprise it was her favorite peanut butter and Jelly!
When the girl wasn't looking, Robin put a small doll in her pocket. Robin couldn't wait to get home to play with the stolen toy. When she got home, though, she buried the doll in her yard.
The dog jerked the leash really hard. Whitney tripped and her phone went flying. The phone's screen was shattered into a million pieces.
Her friend Nate warned him about Saul's bad traits. One day Saul cheated on Sarah and hurt her. Now she likes Nate for she is not a child anymore.
To my surprise, my grandmother had left me 100 acres of her land! Her three children were unhappy with the situation. I split the land 4 ways, making everyone happy with the outcome.
When she got bored she went to the gift shop. Beth wanted a book but was short a dollar. The cashier put the book in a bag and gave Beth a big smile.
But before she got the chance he asked someone else to go with him. Lucy was disappointed but not heartbroken. She decided to go to the Prom with her friends and have fun anyways.
Slowly, she pushed herself over the crest of the hill. The sled quickly picked up speed as it glided down the hill. Kelly laughed all the way to the bottom.
She lit a couple of candles for ambiance. Joe was just coming in the door when the burning smell filled the room. Kim had forgotten about the bread.
After a wonderful night they agreed to meet again. The next day her friend called to ask why she had stood her date up. She had accidentally had dinner with the wrong person!
When she was finished with cleaning, she put her clothes on. Cindy grabbed her keys and some toast and she headed out the door. She dialed the manager and let him know that she was on her way.
It was wandering around. Jane decided to throw a piece of her sandwich on the ground. The bird ate it.
Jim swung a bat at the safe but nothing happened. Then he hit it with a hammer for a long time. Eventually the door popped open.
Steve took that as they have an open relationship now. A week later, he sees online that she has a new boyfriend. Steve is shocked and annoyed.
I just ignored it and just paid attention to the meeting. Then, out of nowhere my chair broke and I fell down. Everyone saw this and laughed.
My friends all thought that I was going to lose because I was new. I knew that I knew about the players and the league in general though. I ended up taking first place and winning over five hundred dollars.
Shawn went to the top of his barn and took off in the contraption. Unexpectedly, he flew up into the air like a bird. Shawn flew up and away, never to return to Kansas.
He even slows down productivity among the others. Russ knew he had to put a stop to it soon before it got worse. Russ fired him on the spot and it made everyone else work harder.
It was freshly baked cookies. Lily was so happy. She went in the kitchen and ate many of them.
Ben was mostly quiet. He then became good friends with Pam. The two were married a few years later.
Finally Horace decides to look for a new place. He finds an apartment in a much less desirable part of town. He is happy to be saving money but sad to leave his nice apartment.
Two young women came to the house, but her son refused to meet them. He told his mother to leave him alone. Six months later, he met a woman, and they got married.
Nick applied for jobs all over town. He eventually got a job working at a grocery store. After working all summer, he saved up enough money for a car.
Suddenly, she began to feel sick. She didn't know where to throw up. Finally, she decided to do it into her purse, and hid it from the bus.
All the sudden, the planchette started moving slowly. We were very scared and stopped playing immediately. I threw it away the next day.
The ended up with a very complex handshake. It was hard for the friends to remember. They forgot most of it the next time they tried it.
Plus he'd eaten all of his groceries. He called his mother and father and asked for money. They said he was grown and not to call them for money.
I caught more fish than Tom. On the way home Tom told me he wanted to stop to buy a net. We stopped and he bought a net for the next trip.
He punched the button and waited patiently for the elevator. After some time, all six elevators opened and his coworkers came out. They greeted him with a cake and lunch for his birthday.
She decided she would only spend an hour with Lucy. Afterwards she would work on her report. Three hours later, Gina was outside playing with Lucy.
He told me once I got better that I could play with him. But from the first time I played with him, I beat him. I have never lost since and I keep teasing him about that.
They often had to fix things themselves. He applied at an auto store to make more money. His experience landed him the job.
She stood still and thought of her thinning gums and stained teeth. Jane realized vacations were rare, so she ordered a bowl of mint chip. The next morning, Jane's front gums were swollen and sore.
The machine ended up shaking and the cup spilled. My mom's shirt ended up soaked. In addition, her stomach was burning from the hot water.
Norma decides to eat a salad at least twice a week at work. She is surprised with how much better she starts to feel. Norma is glad that she has improved her eating habits.
Jim decided to play with his cat. He also gave his cat some catnip. After a few minutes, his cat got tired and fell asleep.
I tried to explain to him once that New York is the state above us. I explained we were in Pennsylvania. The perplexed child looked at the sky.
Pat's food came out undercooked. The manager apologized for all the problems. Pat's anniversary meal was provided free of charge.
I have a new girlfriend who loves movies as much as me. I'm pumped because we get to go every Friday and she loves it. Going to the movies has really brought us closer together.
The weather, the location, the people, all perfect. Just before they got to the priest, a dog tackled Tabatha. Her perfect day was ruined.
Thinking the warning was an overreaction, Ed didn't evacuate. Instead, he hunkered down in his basement. Ed was lucky to live, as the tornado destroyed his entire house.
Then she jumped in and paddled. Amy managed to paddle several miles. She was very satisfied with her day's journey!
He stopped to listen in for a moment. Then, they motioned him over to ask him some questions. Alex got to talk about his favorite type of coffee on the news.
Phil made an effort to buy recyclable materials. He reduced his resource consumption. Phil effectively reduced his environmental impact.
He read every question. The requester rejected his survey. Jesse didn't get paid.
They never really hurt much. But they hurt terribly today. She decided she would take ibuprofen and tough out the day at work.
She looked at it then placed both her hands flat on the top of the cak Bringing her hands to her mouth to taste it with a big smile. She decided she loved it, and threw her whole face into the cake.
She jumped out of bed just in time to see a spider scurry away. The bite began swelling and turning red. She decided to go to the hospital, to be safe.
He spent hours looking for new shoes and bought the perfect pair. Omar decided to run a mile again. But he was only a few seconds faster.
The swing creaked when Laura pushed it, and she was afraid. One day she decided not to be afraid anymore, and rode the swing. The swing was strong, and Laura felt like she could almost fly!
Then she gives herself a bath. Usually she poops on us. That's when we put her back in her cage.
On the night of the party he waited for his friends to arrive. After an hour of waiting, he was sad because nobody showed. He then realized that he forgot to invite anyone!
Their gorgeous look inspired Samson to want to look like that too! He met the performer after the show and confessed his admiration. He was overjoyed when his icon gave him the dress to wear himself!
She worked very hard on designing it. When the candle was finished, it was a beautiful work of art. The bride and groom were beside themselves with happiness about it.
One of the kids was crying that he had to use the bathroom. The mother said he could wait. The boy proved her wrong by wetting himself.
Smoke poured from it. A rock had gotten stuck inside. Gary got a new lawn mower through insurance.
He whimpers and hides in his cage. He won't come out until the storms pass. As soon as they are over, he is always so happy!
I went to bed that night, tears streaming down my face. I woke up the next morning to feed my dog Sticky Fingers. And to my surprise the ring was in her doggy bed safe and sound.
He got his bike, but discovered he felt too guilty to enjoy it. He returned the money, even though it was never missed, and the bike. He started saving from his odd jobs, planing to get the bike that way.
She put the pot on the table and immediately heard a sizzling sound. She lifted the pot and saw a huge burn spot. Luckily, she was able to clean the burned spot up.
The game became very one-sided. The losing friend got mad and knocked the board over. The winner let out a victory yell at this sight.
Her craft room was overrun by fabric. She didn't have any room to make her project. Amanda decided not to buy so much fabric in the future.
The screw tore a hole in my tent. I tried to repair the tent but it was not fixing the problem. I decided to return the tent and get a new one.
Her friend was surprised and elated. They both had a great time on the trip. Tara made her friend very happy.
I panicked and swerved, barely missing a car in the next lane. I pulled over to the shoulder and the wasp flew out. I was lucky I wasn't in an accident due to that awful insect.
They weren't sure what changed. No matter what they tried the chemistry wasn't there. They decided not to go on a third date.
In order to pass some time, he is planning on taking a nap. So far, Ted has been having trouble getting comfortable. Instead of forcing himself to sleep, he's decided to read a book.
They then talked and laughed under the stars. They ate snacks. They picked up the blanket and snacks and went inside.
An elderly man offered John his boat in exchange for $50 dollars. John accepted the offer and went fishing with his friends. They caught a lot of fish and had a good time.
Then he asked his mom for help. His mom went to work with rubber bands and dye. She made him a better tie dye shirt than any in stores!
Although he is not seeing any results with his body. He read online that he needs to eat double the calories then he was. He did that and noticed results within a week.
So she ate larger portions for every meal. After a month, Sara never gained weight and felt less healthy. Sara went back to her normal diet and felt better later.
A giant explosion of confetti happened, covering Donna. Donna's brother laughed hysterically. Donna had to go back inside and change her clothes.
Aly felt terrible, but her family just laughed at her honest mistake. They ordered a pizza instead. It would definitely make for a funny family story in the future.
He was afraid to lose his good luck! But after a week, his feet smelled awful. His mom made him change the socks.
It was easier for him to stay in than to risk his health shoveling. I hated seeing him stuck so I decided to help. It took all day but I finally cleared his steps and driveway.
However, one night, both dishwashers are sick. John decides to help out by cleaning some dishes. Although he is a chef, he doesn't feel too proud to clean dishes.
Ida met extended family members and saw the sights. She had a fantastic time visiting her native land. She couldn't wait to return and visit again!
He had lived there 20 Years without crossing the border. Del could not locate his passport. Del's trip to Canada was further postponed.
When he looked back up he saw a baseball sailing towards him. He lifted the glove he'd brought with him. The ball plopped right into it.
Suddenly I bolted awake and realized it was 8:05 AM! I quickly put on my coat and shoes and ran out the door. I got outside and saw the bus had just driven away.
She asked her mom for help, and her mom calmed her. She promised Kelly she'd sew her a new dress by hand. And on dance night, Kelly had the prettiest dress in the whole school!
He attempted to make the kite by himself. After 2 hours Tim gave up. He decided he would ask his father to help him.
When I drove home, I had a hard time finding a place to park. When I got to my front door, I heard voices inside my apartment. I opened the front door and everyone laughed with surprise.
Tina said she would only buy a few dresses. So Ray said he would wait for her. Two hours passed before Ray decided to leave.
She had everyone bring a dish for breakfast. Everyone came to the library and Amy arrived. Amy was completely surprised and happy.
All his clothes shrank. He wore a pair of shorts from his laundry. People laughed at him because they were so short.
Jill resents that her friend got the promotion and not Jill. She doesn't talk to her friend for two months. Eventually Jill apologizes because she realizes she is being childish.
I got nervous. I did not want to be late for work. Unfortunately I was a half hour late.
His car got scratched. The other car then kept going. Matt was annoyed but decided not to follow.
The neighbors came to the door. They told us that there was a tornado in the sky to the north. We all went outside and watched the tornado until it was gone.
A big, yellow puppy bounded out of the trees. The puppy ran right up to Marshall and licked his face. Marshall's parents let him keep the puppy.
He had no time to wash anything because he had to go to work. Embarrassed, he sprayed a soiled shirt with deodorant and put it on. He tried to avoid colleagues, knowing he'd never ignore laundry again.
Sometimes he would get into trouble and had to wait for rescue. His wife worried about him when he didn't call during those times. Despite that she still loved him and helped him plan expeditions.
Unfortunately, her mom told her that she couldn't. She didn't want the dress getting dirty. Instead, Sara came up with a simple cow girl costume.
On night while eating the breading fell off her son's tofu. He showed his dad who looked upset. Jane was forced to tell them they had all been eating tofu.
When she woke up, she saw that she was an hour late for work. She rushed to the diner. Unfortunately, her boss had no choice but to fire her.
He looked up instructions online and wrote them down. Ben spent two weeks making mud bricks and shingles. When he was done, he had a beautiful, rustic mud brick shed.
When hunting season came, the deer scattered. After hunting season, the deer showed back up. There weren't as many this time.
They were having a lot of fun, however something happened. They got a flat tire. Thankfully though, someone came to help.
But on this day it was about to change. Mike was leading with one hole left. But he hit one in the water and was done.
I accidentally drove a nail through the chair into my hand. I had to call 911. The paramedic called me an idiot but at least he saved my life.
He realized he did not consistently stick to a plan. His new life mantra became planning his work and working his plan. During the following year he actualized his hopes, plans, and dreams.
He had to go to a check cashing service. They cashed Ed's check for him. But they took a ten percent fee!
Yesterday, there were three shows on cooking. This got me thinking I was hungry. I made a sandwich to satisfy my craving.
Elizabeth fell in a hole. The hole was full of bees. Elizabeth was stung hundreds of times.
He put a bucket under the roof leak and called a roofer. When the weather was better, the roofer came to fix the leak. Mike was proud of himself for taking good care of his home.
He met a like minded nice girl. They began dating. They eventually fell in love and got married.
Lisa noticed that Jon was sad due to a lack of friendship. Lisa decided to be Jon's friend. Now, Jon had a friend!
She was playing in the yard when a car pulled up. Out jumped the neighbors granddaughter. Lucy was happy to have someone to play with again.
She would do everything possible to never see one. She stayed at her friends house and they happened to collect mirrors. She had such a severe anxiety attack her mom forced her into therapy.
I decided to call a few companies. One company suggested bundling my insurance. Now I save a lot of money and am insured!
My gf seemed depressed and upset because of it. I told her it's ok and that everything will be just fine. I hugged her and let her know everything will be ok.
The cop breathalyzed Ned and then arrested him. Ned had to call his family for bail in the morning. He was humiliated and dejected.
She almost turned back. Then she found her seat. She took a deep breath and prepared for take off.
He allowed it to heat for a half an hour. The pasta became hard as a rock after the water was removed from it. Jack had to throw it away.
Each friend opened his card to find $20. They laughed that their gifts canceled out. They decided that next year they would just exchange cards.
She didn't have a warm coat so her Mom let her borrow one. She has to wear the big heavy coat all the time now to keep warm. The cold Winter has made Molly miss California.
She made him a grilled cheese sandwich. It was so yummy! Now Beckett has a full belly.
So he tried another one, by they didn't deliver. He tried a third, but they had closed early that night! Finally Noah bought supplies and made up his very own pizza!
She said he fell off a playground structure on Sunday. He had to go to the hospital, but he is ok. Julia seemed somber about the accident.
He heard a noise and turned around. He saw what he thought was a fast shadow move across the wall. He still doesn't know what it is.
And eventually, there was a decent sized crowd. Linda felt happy that so many people were watching her. But she felt devastated when she overheard comments about her sketch.
I sent these items to work. Their colleagues were impressed. I was glad to show my love.
At the end of the day Rachel drove home exhausted. It wasn't until she got home that she noticed the pen. She had forgotten to give it back.
He started ringing his bell so that he could be let outside. His master opened the door. There right in front of Finley was a big yellow cat.
The next morning, David could not open his car door. Instead, the door handle broke right off. David will never again wash his car in the freezing cold of winter.
He decided to get a new engine for it. He had a friend helped him install it. The car ran great and Ned was happy.
Sweden was so different. The language, people, even the food - all strange! Neil was so glad he had made the time to see Sweden.
Therefore, the driver landed in a lake. The car couldn't move since it was in the water. Luckily, the driver came out of the lake safely.
She wanted to play on her school's team. Lis was worried they wouldn't accept her. She tried out anyway and became the first girl on the team.
The package delivery service kept missing her, though. They ended up holding it at their warehouse for her. She spent more on gas picking it up then she'd saved.
She tried cutting herself to get attention. It hurt too much and she gave up, though. The mark wasn't enough for anybody to care.
Today our cat was curious. She lay beside my wife until she was done with the massages. I call her a one person cat.
He bought most of them during his travels around the world. He told me that he would pass down the collection to me. When he died, it was given to someone else instead.
He was offered a programming apprenticeship in Saint Louis. It was hard work for very little pay. Eventually, he finished his apprenticeship and became a programmer.
He followed his suspect very carefully and apprehended him. After apprehending the suspect, he questioned him intensely. The spy got the information and found the diamond.
Her siblings found out why she was in trouble. They thought the yelling out the window sounded fun. They opened the screen and began throwing things outside.
She read a book every day for the entire semester. At the end of the semester Erica had read 85 books! Her teacher awarded her with a pizza party and icecream.
After a month she still had only a few shifts. She asked her boss if she could work more shifts. She was disappointed to hear there were no more available.
Gina felt this was too much and refused. Her offered an extra $5 if she did. Gina vacuumed the inside of the car, and went to the mall.
Garry accepted Frank's invitation to go hunting. Garry and Frank met up at their usual hunting spot. Frank was glad that he got the opportunity to go hunting with Gary.
Dad doesn't cook. I suggested we order food from out. We all agreed on pizza.
The teacher saw and grabbed the note. He read it aloud to the entire class. Everyone laughed at me and I ran out of the class in tears.
I had the opportunity to play Twister. In addition, all of us went ice skating late at night. Everyone ultimately had a good time.
Sheila's belly was growing at a rapid rate. At 7 months Sheila went in to have an ultrasound done. The doctor surprisingly told her she was expecting three babies!
In the corner there was a famous couple having an argument. Amy secretly snapped photos of the couple. Amy loved the whole vibe of Los Angeles.
She got angry and went up to her room. At dinnertime, she came downstairs dressed in a clown suit. I grounded her.
He took his glasses off and stepped on them. Stan realizes that he can not see anymore. Stan went to buy new glasses.
The puppy also loved to steal Herb's food. But the puppy was so cute. Herb loved him and didn't regret getting him.
Everyone moved passed the cafeteria and portables. Once we reached the targeted area, we used shovels to dig the ground. We noticed a treasure chest in the ground.
Unfortunately during one game, he was struck very hard and passed out. The doctor told him he had nearly broken his neck and might have died. Edward was glad to have survived, but scared it might happen again.
The second one wasn't much better. Gina was getting nervous. These books were not what she needed at all.
The only problem was that she seemed scared of me. I then started giving her a lot of treats. She then ended up linking me.
He slowly got up the nerve to talk to the librarian, and asked her out The librarian told him no. Jon ran out of the library and never went there again.
He waited for the sun to rise to look for them. The sun came slowly over the hills. When it was high in the sky he found the keys.
While performing on opening night, Clayton forgot his line. A supporting character said it for him. Everyone congratulated the supporting character instead of Clayton.
Brooke trusts Shelby so she tries to meditate. The next day Brooke does not get mad at all during work. Shelby notices this, and now they meditate during breaks together.
They chummed behind the boat for 2 hours. His mother in law had a bite on her hook. She pulled in a 5 foot shark all by herself.
His ideas were not too exciting. Finally, he thought of something good. He went skydiving.
But then she dozed off. When she woke, hours had passed. Nina had gotten a sunburn.
Finally Lenore thought of a great solution. She bought him a robotic puppy to play with. Tim loved his new puppy so much, he almost cried!
God was not there to save him. I renounced God. I realized I had been naive with my belief in God.
She finally found a pair of red high heels. Paula loved the new shoes. She wore them on a date that night.
And now the coffee she had before class was making her jittery. Her hands were shaking, and she was sweating slightly. Amy did not like how this felt.
She called the repairman to help her. The repairman came right away. Thankfully he fixed it without a problem.
He played everyday for hours and hours. He died over and over again and almost gave up. He keep trying and finally beat the game.
When the arrived home he ran to the DVR to play his show. It was late and he yawned as the show began. Rob fell asleep and missed the cartoon.
Susan decided to ditch class. She thought that she wouldn't get caught. Her teacher found out and gave her detention the next day.
The park was near a lake. They brought sandwiches and pie. After a few hours, the Smiths went home.
In efforts to avoid confusion, I put on my high-beam lights. The cars next to be saw the light and stayed in their lane. I managed to get home safely.
There was a man lying in the middle of the road. The man was unconscious and his heart wasn't beating. When the ambulance came, they found Manny giving CPR to the man.
Shelly, a white woman, told us she would never date a black man. Shelly said it was because of her 80 year old father's wishes. Nobody at the table was satisfied with Shelly's response.
They decided to go to the hospital. The doctor diagnosed Nancy with an inflamed ear inflammation. She also prescribed some medication to Nancy.
The teacher was quirky which somehow put her at ease. The teacher made a lot of jokes and the kids all laughed. Amy thought for sure she was going to like this new school.
He often marched in protests. This last weekend he started his own. It wasn't that big but he is still proud of the support.
Her parents got horses and invited all her friends. At the end of the night Kelsi got a car. Kelsi was thrilled.
Midnight passed and I was still wide awake. Finally around 2 am I started to get tired. I slept in the next day.
I needed sponsors to finish the project. I put ad in the paper for sponsors. I have not had any luck with the sponsors and my project has stalled.
She started writing music as part of a band. Now a club's paying them to play tonight. She hopes they get more opportunities like this!
But the ladder was gone, because someone had needed it. She was stuck and called out for help. Finally, someone brought the ladder back.
He decided to do something about it. Pablo joined the football team and helped win the first game. Pablo's performance made him popular and no one bothered him again.
HE paid a tour guide for a tour. On the way he saw the shacks that the workers lived in. John realized the banana industry wasn't as much fun as he thought.
She went into his room and read to him. She read three chapters, until his eyes closed. Then she crept out of his room quietly.
I went to the pet store. I saw a pretty kitten. I decided to buy the kitten!
A customer came up and asked for a glass. Jeff said that it would cost nine dollars. The customer laughed and walked away.
He told Alia he did not have any tea. Marc told her he was going to get another cup of coffee. Alia gave him some tea to drink instead.
They were super excited. It got started. The home team won!
She was nervous but it was worth a shot. When Kelly came back she realized she won. She was so excited to be on the show.
But he saw a lost dog outside of his house. And he decided to take care of him. Bob was happy to make a difference in dog's life.
She visited a horticultural dome themed after the desert. She had lots of cactus memorabilia. Finally she moved to the desert in Arizona and loved it.
He couldn't even stop when his wife begged him. Then his baby daughter Rita was born. From that day on, Ben never touched another cigarette!
He put up posters for the cat but no one responded. Finally he resigned to being a cat owner. Bryce was glad he found the cat.
He decided to order socks online. He found a great deal for a large quantity of socks. He bought one hundred pairs of socks in one day.
Bob couldn't get his car out of the drive. Bob shoveled his driveway. Bob's car had a clear path to the road.
In her new shoes she was towering over him. She ran upstairs to grab different shoes. She didn't want to be taller than her date.
One day my boss came to work early. She saw a cat batting a mouse around. She got sick and went home.
Out of anxiety, Jenna accelerated strongly. Both of the cars collided into each other. Although no one got hurt, both cars suffered major damage.
It was locked. She was pleased to find her room window was unlocked. Gina climbed into the house through the window.
Bob enrolled in a computer course. Bob enjoyed and excelled at his computer technology courses. Now Bob owns his own internet security firm!
They managed to fire up the airbox for him. When he started to play, huge clouds of dust came out of the pipes. Everyone ran outside, sneezing horribly.
Bo ran from his friend to keep the money secret. The friend ran after Bo. Bo turned around a knocked out his friend and ran away.
Once we arrived, the people were very nice to us. It didn't take long at all for him to be seen and get his shots. These people were awesome and now our dog feels great!
It was Amy's first time trying frozen yogurt. She was surprised how much it was like Ice Cream. Amy told all her friends to try it when they were downtown.
George's mother took him to a music teacher. George took many lessons from the music teacher. With years of practice, George became an accomplished trombone player.
He was wearing a hat. A strong gust blew his hat off. He chased after it but never caught it.
Then he decorated their clothes with glitter and yarn. He asked his mom to come and watch them. Then Pip led the best parade ever!
Sam's pants didn't have any pockets, but his brother's did. He took off his shirt and used it to hold shells. Sam collected the most shells, but still couldn't carry any home!
However, when he gets to the store, he realizes he forgot his wallet. He has to drive back home in order to get money. Finally he returns to the store with money to buy the shampoo.
He fights Sunday morning traffic to get to the store. At the grocery store he buys fruit, vegetables, and meat. Quentin is happy that he has food at home now.
Things seemed boring and quiet. Amanda decided to surprise her friends with popcorn. The girls were happy and thankful.
Then, Katie needed a specific card for her turn. She realized that she couldn't find it. Instead, they used a card from a different game.
As we drove up towards North Beach she fondled me. I realized she was just trying to steal my cell phone. I got out of the cab and walked back to the hostel.
Janet decided to throw her a surprise party. She called up all of Mary's friends and invited them over. Mary went into the house full of people and was pleasantly surprised.
Marissa decided to check it out. She watched the first episode. She liked it alot.
I couldn't find the spare. Luckily I had my cell phone. I called triple A and they came and helped me back on the road.
I practiced and practiced until I got good at making jewelry. I ordered supplies to set up an online jewelry shop. It's been two weeks and I haven't sold a piece of jewelry.
He uses it to take scenic photos. Once he posted a FB photo close to the airport. The airport asked him to take it down.
One day, John told a particularly funny joke and Nick laughed. Unfortunately, Nick began choking on his banana. John did the Heimlich maneuver and saved John's life.
He went out to lunch with some friends and ordered a coke. The waitress said they only had pepsi. His friends were shocked when he got up and left.
Ann accepted the bet. She sipped and sipped, and she won the bet! But she got a terrible stomachache afterwards!
I explained to my son what it was. He was so sad that we cut our trip short. On the way home he stared out the window.
The viewfinder is similar to that used on twin lens reflexes. I was a big fan of twin lens reflex cameras. I used to Holga to take pictures of my granddaughter.
So Jen steals some makeup and wears it to school anyway. When her mother finds out she cuts off her allowance for a month. Jen learns her lesson.
Jon wrote his name on the name-card. He put the name-card on his shirt. Jon sat down with the other kids in class.
She was trying to use a payphone but it cost a lot. Finally she decided to make a $20 into all quarters. She had a bag full of so many quarters.
She went to the store and bought some bookshelves. When they arrived she organized the books on the shelves. She was happy to have all her books organized where she can find them.
When she gave her family members a try, they loved it. Becky then decided she wanted to buy it every week. She had to be careful though because it was so popular.
On the way there they stopped near the border. A border patrol officer checked their documents. They were able to safely make it to their designation in Mexico City.
They went to see a horror movie. The movie was terrifying! Kai and his mom both had a great time!
He finds it very beautiful. He takes many pictures of it. Jason drives home after his trip.
He went to go brush his teeth. He noticed that he was out of toothpaste. He brushed his teeth with baking soda instead.
A mentor told him to laugh at himself and keep on going. Charles took his advice and laughed at himself. But it was hard to laugh while the police were towing his car.
She asked some friends to meet for coffee. Several of them showed up. Jill had a lot of fun.
A bunch of floats came by. Then, some band members walked by. Then, the parade was over.
Once he got out on stage, he flourished. The crowd loved him. Jerry was happy with his performance and decided to continue comedy.
She picked through every box of comics she could find. After a long time of searching, she finally found a worthy comic. Now her collection is even better.
The next morning when she woke up she had knots in her stomach. As she got into the classroom, to her surprise the exam was not hard. She left the classroom feeling a sigh of relief.
Her mother thought it was too expensive. Gina knew she could still buy the cookie dough. She would simply have to wait until she got her allowance.
She told him to go do something else. Ben told her he didn't want to. His mom unplugged his TV and told him to listen to her.
A salesperson was happy to help Martha pick the perfect phone. Martha ended up picking a pink iphone 6s that was just devine. As Martha drove home, she was bursting with happiness.
His one last night as a free man. Friday morning Ryan felt a sharp pain in his stomach. His appendix burst, and his bachelor party was spent in a hospital.
My parents didn't let me grow my hair that long. I finally wore my wig out tonight. I got beat up and reminded of why I shouldn't.
I went on Ebay to search for more learning resources. Several were for sale such as comic books. I decided to purchase on of the books.
He ended up hitting Harry in between his legs. Harry stood on one knee slowly breathing. No one noticed anything since he was quiet.
He teaches me how to use the tools. We put the tree house up in a big tree in our backyard. I played in my tree house all afternoon.
On a tight turn the front wheels came loose. Greg flew over the handlebars of his bike. He crashed on the road but he was not hurt bad.
Suddenly a bear came crashing out of the woods! Jim ran into the tent to hide. The bear happily snacked on Jim's marshmallows.
I looked down and I was only going 27 mph. However, there is a speed camera there for cars going over 25mph. Now I'm nervously waiting to see if I'll get a ticket.
Kevin was very tense while watching the game that night. His team lost the game! Kevin burst into angry tears.
100 dollars to the winner of the basketball game Joey and Jeff battled it out for the money Jeff beats Joey and Joey Loses the bet
Then we got a flea collar for the cat. After a few days our bites went away. We haven't been bitten since.
Then he applied to medical school. He was accepted! Ray was on his way to being a doctor!
I had been so afraid I had gotten an F. However, I got an A. It was a great day.
She browsed through a jewelry catalog for different options. She found a pair of gold hoop earrings. Edith placed the order for the gold hoop earrings.
One day he took a bag and picked up trash. Others saw him do it. Eventually a few joined in as well.
One day, Desmond lost his dinosaur. He was very sad. Alexis decided to share her dinosaur to make Desmond happy.
After she washed the dishes, she drained the water. When the sink was empty she realized it was coated in mold. She used bleach to be sure that it was clean and safe.
Zach agreed to go even though he hates boats. While on the cruise, Zach got terrible motion sickness. Anna had to take care of him the entire trip.
Finally he decided to give it a try. He was able to shoot a deer on his first hunting trip. Jonas decided never to worry about trying new things again.
Joe asked Tina to the dance instead. Tina said she was going to the dance with Nan. Joe went to the dance by himself just to laugh at Nan and Tina.
In school all the other kids got things first. His mother put his mind at ease. She said he would always be first in her heart.
Her cat destroys the scratching post in a few weeks. She neglects to replace the scratching post. Her cat rips out a section of the couch while grooming its claws.
Then she formed a Christmas club with a few of her friends. Together they gave each other support and money-saving tips. With their help, Kay saved almost $500 by Christmas!
Her mom worked at a nursing home and had an idea. She brought Marina in to read to the seniors on her birthday. Little Marina was a nurse for her birthday after all!
We talked for hours about how we've been. It was so nice to see my friend. I can't wait for the next time we are able to catch up.
Finally she drifted off into sleep. She awoke to doors slamming as they stopped at a gas station. She was mortified to find she had only been asleep an hour.
His friend asked if Cameron would photograph his surf sessions. He agreed, and felt a hundred times better being out on the beach. Cameron became his friend's regular photographer from then on.
She got dressed up and went to his house. When she rang the doorbell, Ashley's friend answered. Ashley turned red and ran away.
No one can understand what he says. We got new telephones which display the phone number of callers. Now we know the man's phone number.
Erica had no idea why she wasn't invited. She confronted Tom to find out why. Apparently he didn't think she could dance.
He thought it would be similar to other countries he had seen. But it had its own unique culture and history. Neil was glad he had made time to see Qatar.
One day, Carol needed money to pay her bills. Carol came up with an idea. Carol decided to open a business selling cakes in her town.
Lucy knew going to the doctor would reveal her secret. Lucy decided it was better to just tell the truth. Grandma was upset, but she appreciated Lucy's honesty.
Every day he would run inside to tell his mom to call the ambulance. When Billy was playing on the swing today he fell on the concrete. Nobody came to check or see, but Billy's poor arm hung by a string.
The next time he asked for requests a lot of people called in. They said last show was so terrible so the felt the need to call. The radio host was so offended that he hung up on them.
India would love the time that she spent with her Imaginary Friend. Eventually, India grew out of the Imaginary friend phase. However, India did love the memories she had of her Imaginary friend.
Ira counted the chips as he ate them. The last whole chip in the bag was number 63. Ira ate the small crumbs and counted them as chip number 64.
The chair that was in his room was old and stiff. Jake found a really nice leather computer chair on craigslist. Jake was able to buy the chair for $50 used.
Bill met the coworker and asked what movie they would be watching. Bill was shocked to find out that they were watching a Horror movie. Bill was mortified of horror movies, as he always has nightmares.
I got into my car and went on the road. I drove to the mall and met up with friends. We had food and looked around.
He got ready and went to the grocery store. There he bought many delicious cheeses. Finally Francis got his cheese.
He went right to his garage and started crafting a dog house. He hammered and sanded and painted all afternoon. When his parents returned home with the dog, the house was finished!
The tires on her car were very bald. She had to stop suddenly for a kitten crossing the road. Luckily she stopped in time, but almost hit the kitten.
He quickly found out that being a cop isn't what he expected. He just sits in a car and looks for people to give tickets to. Jim quickly became bored and turned in his badge.
Immediately people noticed the name was misspelled on the cake. Janet apologized and felt embarrassed. Her coworker told her it was no big deal.
Before he knew what was happening, the fart snuck out. He tried to breathe in the fart before she could smell it. Unfortunately for him, his plan didn't work and she smelled it.
Tim's dad let go and Tim fell over. Tim would not give up and got back on the bike. After some practice Tim was riding his bike all on his own.
She bought herself a standing mixer at the store. She now doesn't have to knead the dough. She is very happy with her mixer.
That night, a storm blew through town. Max's leaf piles were blown apart. Max spent the next day raking the leaves all over again.
She had jumped onto a bag of aluminum cans I was saving for recycling. The bag was not closed properly and cans went flying everywhere. Scramble ran into the living room and hid under the couch.
When Jim arrived to the house, she wasn't there. Therefore, he called her on the phone. She didn't answer.
She finally joined a group with similar challenges. She ended up meeting a lot of friends. She also met her boyfriend.
She worried the joking may have been too familiar. But she decided to remain friendly and hope for the best. He seemed to be receptive to he jokes, so she continued.
We adopted a beautiful lab. We named her Ella. Now Ella has a home and my son is so happy.
But when she jumped out of bed and looked outside, she saw rain. It was pouring! Cara didn't get to go to six flags, and she was very sad.
Jose started to panic. Then he realized it was just the phone battery had died. He charged his phone and finished enjoying his show.
Lee couldn't afford to rent movies like he desired. He found out he could rent movies for free at his local library. Lee got to view new movies on a weekly basis for free.
Yet to my surprise the cable went out. I called the cable guy and he fixed it. When he left I was able to watch my show.
I grabbed some cleaning sticks. I scrubbed all the wax that I could out of my ear. When I was done, my hearing felt more clear.
Kelly immediately ran to get a mask. Unfortunately that did not help. Kelly had to just sit outside.
At the end of the show, he saw the lead guitarist. Bob asked for an autograph. The lead guitarist sighed his poster and gave him his guitar.
Katie ran around looking at the sky. She fell down from running too fast. They went inside before they saw the moon.
She had to swim 8 lengths of the pool without stopping. She had to dive 10 feet to get a brick underwater. And she had to tread water for 3 minutes in the deep end.
She went to the secondhand store. There, she found a similar radio to the one that'd broke. She bought it for a great price and took it home happily!
He bought the computer and spent all of his money. He was very excited and brought the computer home. But when he opened the box, he saw the computer was broken!
Her husband told Marsha not to worry about the pink underwear. He said he was man enough to wear it indoors. Marsha cooked her husband an extra special meal that evening.
I was in pain. My doctor told me to start applying lotion every morning. I followed his advice and my hands healed.
Chad was hesitant, as he had lost a coat before. As he was leaving, Chad noticed that his coat was missing. Chad was very upset that his coat had gone missing again.
The sweater was ugly. Kelly didn't want to wear it. But to be nice, she told her grandmother she liked it.
Pat tried to signal to Tim that he had fudge on his face. Tim was not picking up on Pat's signal. Pat had to verbally tell Tim of his fudge face.
Nell's mom saw her daughter's head dip under the water. Then she ran and pulled Nell, holding the stone, from the water. Nell hadn't wanted to let go of the stone, which she couldn't lift.
When she went to school, she was very scared. Karen's teacher turned out to be very nice. Karen was excited about this year of school.
Chris wandered around looking for a way out of the woods. He could not find one. Chris was forced to sleep on the forest floor until morning came.
Everyone was jealous of how good Sam's food tasted. One night, people stole Sam's favorite smoker to use for themselves! Sam was so sad he stopped inviting people over to eat.
I ordered a triple patty hamburger. It gave me very bad gas. I realized I should not eat so much beef.
A long bearded man his latest challenger. His appearance deceiving to Mark as he was sure he would win. To his surprise the man outplays him in every way.
On the day it was to arrive my girlfriend gave me a gift. It was the new laptop she knew I wanted. I happily returned the one I bought and thanked her.
Everyone ordered a hamburger. We all picked the same toppings. It was weird but interesting.
He did not want to be made fun of by his friends. He finally bought some boots. He now loves cowboy boots.
She immediately pre ordered the phone when it was announced. The next day her new phone arrived in the mail. Carrie couldn't be happier.
He drank and ate a lot of food. They even gave him gifts He had a good time
He put the cookies in when it was hot enough. To be safe, Earl set three different timers. When the first timer went off, he took out his cookies.
He tried to hide in an abandoned neighbor until an hour later. When he got out, a huge light was aimed towards him. A helicopter stopped in the air and warned him to not run.
The owner came over and talked to the man. The man began to offer $1 for the object and $19 for the rest. The owner accepted the offer and took his payment.
But when they found out, they were all very kind. They even volunteered to teach him his letters. After months of studying, Sam became a great reader!
He ran through his house, waking everyone and getting them to safety. The fire department was called, and they arrived promptly. The firemen put out the fire, and no one was harmed.
She noticed a new tenant had put out a doormat. Not sure if she should clean it or they should she left it alone. She got an angry call later wondering why she was neglecting it.
Ken had broken his friend's wooden chair. Right after the snap Ken fell to the floor. Everyone laughed at Ken and his misery.
He got it in the mail 2 days later. He waited for a windy day to fly his kite. His kite flew away and got stuck in a tree.
His computer broke suddenly. Fortunately, he had saved up money for a new one. Jesse bought a new computer.
While there, they had champagne. Each girl chose their polish color. Their pedicure very relaxing.
We were unable to decide on just one and drove home feeling sad. When we got home, we found a sweet little stray living in our garage. Our new kitty adopted us, which made us very happy.
The vcr did not record properly and we returned it. We ended up getting a dvr in 2015. The dvr is much better than a vcr.
Dan walked past Pete and stepped on the ice cream. Dan slipped and fell down to the ground very hard. Pete offered to help him up.
Jamie did not want to go to a movie. Candice did not want to go for coffee. Finally, they settled on ice cream!
After moving in, the plumbing backed up. And, the electrical wires began shorting out. Marcus was upset that he bought this home.
They decided to adopt a girl. When they brought her home the house was electric. Walt and Kathy were truly happy now.
But in six months they made him a team leader. Then they made him a manager. Tim's salary was getting very respectable indeed!
Through the long periods, Jake grew close to them. Her mother ended up passing away after several months. Jake and his girlfriend's relationship grew much stronger as a result.
But as she made her way to her locker, her eyes widened. She could hardly believe what she saw. There were a dozen valentines stuffed into her locker!
Yet he continued to eat and drink foods high in sugar. Fiona decided there was only one thing she could do. She threw all of the sugary food and drinks out.
Sam tried hard to fix it but could not. He was upset and bored until he went outside. Sam found many exciting things outside and had a great time.
He was the first one at work and eagerly got busy. Brad's boss noticed how hard he has been working lately. At the end of the day Brad's boss gave him a raise for his work.
At the end of the day, everyone was very tired. They went to bed early, but forgot about the ice cream on the counter! When they woke up the next day, Jane had to clean up a huge mess.
He waited for three hours and his friend never showed up. Mitch decided to call his friend and find out what happened. Mitch's friend was at another art gallery and they both laughed.
Emil was scared that he would have to go thirsty. Then, Emil remembered that he carried purification tablets in his bag. Emil used the tablets so that he could drink clean water.
I started to get tired very quickly. A neighbor came over and helped me finish. We finished much quicker as a team than if I did it myself.
It requires a very different type of workout than Chuck's used to. He found a program  that can help him make the change he wants. He signed up, made his goals, and got to work.
I was angry at her. I told her off and said I was not going to eat. She grounded me and I realized I shouldn't have been so mean.
After getting in the house she felt bad. She made grilled cheese sandwiches for the kids. She was glad the sandwiches made the kids happy.
But she had studied very hard for it. She passed the test without making any mistakes. Jenny was relieved and excited at the same time.
One Christmas, their cousin arrived unexpectedly. Many of the family were surprised to see him as he had been missing. The family was happy and it was the best party ever.
The Trump family were adamant the girl have a special blanket. It had been passed down generation after generation. The girl contracted smallpox from the blanket and died.
It had twelve photos, one for each month of her first year. We took down the old poster and put up a new one. We put the old poster up in our bedroom.
She had to go to the store to buy a cake mix, since she was all out! On her way to the store, she had a car accident. Now Jack's mom is in the hospital and he doesn't have cake.
He got ships from the Spanish rulers. Then he sailed west to discover India. But instead, he discovered America!
However Tim wanted to be serious. Kelly was not sure she wanted that. They ended up breaking up.
Then he spotted a book he read a decade ago. He dove into the book and read 300 pages during the day. By the time night came, he was glad that it rained.
He hated the peppermint taste and it's hard crunch. John complained to his parents. But they said thought he was spoiled.
Sometimes, it was so exhausting, she thought of giving up. Jes persevered, and after two years, earned her teaching degree. Now a college teacher, Jes encourages other older, returning students.
Kids in school always made fun of his name. When Aiden was an adult he went to court petitioned for a new name. The judge granted his request and Aiden was now Jake.
She tried to slide her finger in between the door and the frame. When she had a grip, she pulled hard. She lost her grip and stumbled backwards into the snow.
As soon as they entered the park the youngest girl ran away. Tegan searched and searched for her. Finally, a staff member found her and returned her to Tegan.
She asked Suzie what her most favorite color was. Suzie thought for a moment, and said she loved them all. It was only later an optometrist discovered Suzie was colorblind.
He was not sure if it was snow or ash from a fire. Jay went outside to investigate. Since he smelled no fire, he thought it was snow.
The water so so strong it tore through the paper targets. The man laughed as he destroyed the targets. When he was out of targets he shut off the hose.
He decided to surprise her with a vacation. While on vacation he was going to propose. At dinner, he popped the question and Liz said no.
Lucas went to go get the ball but it had rolled into a swamp. Lucas started to go into the water to get the ball. Suddenly, a crocodile surfaced and scared Lucas away.
A tornado arrived in the camping area and picked up the tents. Everyone is now leaving to find a hotel. The sun comes up to the family staying in a grungy hotel.
Mikey politely showed her the portrait of her he had nearly finished. Miss Haring cried at the accuracy of the features. Years later, she cried clutching the framed drawing at his graduation.
He had grown over two inches! He was excited to finally be able to ride the coaster. He rode it three times that day.
So he began selling newspapers to earn money. Each morning he got up two hours early to peddle his papers. And within a month he'd earned enough for a big new bike!
The chimney sweep had a hangover and was not thinking clearly. He fell and got stuck in the chimney. Yan accidentally turned on the fireplace and the chimney sweep died.
She looked online and found some headphones she liked. She ordered it online. The headphones ended up being amazing in quality.
He challenged him to a rap battle. They made it an event. Randy ended up winning
He did not watch any TV or play games. The morning of the quiz, he crammed. And he did great on the quiz!
He raised his hand and told the monitor what had happened. He was allowed to get out of his seat and sharpened his pencil. Rod finished his exam with no further mishaps.
Finally his friends convince him to buy a new pair. Dan buys a new pair of boots that looks the same as his old ones. He hopes that his new boots also last 20 Years.
The service was awful. For a tip we left a small amount. We also told the manager how bad the service was.
Then, she added eyes. Next she did a nose. Finally, she drew a mouth.
She pulled over and call triple A for assistance. The repairman arrived and changed the tire. Amy happily thanked the repair man, and drove to work.
They purchased their lift tickets. They drove to the mountains. When they arrived, the pass was closed.
There she saw people bartering. Cal got salt and turquoise for her pelts. She was very happy with her trade!
Suddenly a black stream spewed up into the air! Dan thought he'd struck oil! When he sniffed the air he realized he'd struck a sewage pipe.
She tried to remain calm and retrace her steps. She walked back the way she thought she came. After 20 minutes she began to panic.
Then Jenna hid it under her bed thinking no one would find it. The next day her sister was in her room and noticed it peeking out. Her sister opened it and laughed as she read Jenna's private secrets.
She apologized profusely. Then, she wished her a happy birthday. Her friend forgave her and thanked her.
Tim was going to his friend Josh's birthday party soon. It was time for Tim to try cake, he got a piece on his plate. Tim took a bite and absolutely loved it!
He made hundreds of dollars selling his demo around town. By the time he was 41, Charles was homeless in a shelter. A radio station journalist asked him how he felt being homeless?
Finally, I selected the local culinary school's weekend program. The first class, all we did was learn cooking terms. When we began cooking the second class, I burned down the classroom!
His wife suggested a personal calendar app on his phone. Leon found one online. He can now remember all of the important dates.
The stylist gave Emma bangs. Emma thought it looked terrible. She had to wear a hat for a month while her hair grew out.
He got in his car and drove to where his mom was. He walked in and was greeted by family and friends. He then approached the coffin and said his goodbye to his mom.
After a few minutes, he decided to order pizza. But he didn't know what toppings he wanted. Several minutes later, George didn't feel hungry anymore.
He still calls on occasion to update me about work. Today he called to say his wife was sick with the flu. I told him to go home and take care of his wife.
Jen quickly shut the water off and the water stopped rising. She called a plumber and a guy came out and fixed it in an hour. Jen was happy it was fixed but mad because it cost two hundred bucks!
However when I looked for the buns I found something. The buns were moldy and green. I immediately had to throw them out.
Unexpectedly she bumped into someone. That person was a famous actor, and they both apologized. Anna was late to work but at least she got his autograph.
Sarah suggested they road trip across the United States. Her friends agreed and they left a week later. On the trip, they had a great time and created amazing memories.
Sasha was very hurt. Sasha talked to her friend, and they discussed how Sasha was feeling. Sasha's friend made more of an effort to hang out with her.
But then she met a new man and began to enjoy life again. After a few years together they decided to have a baby. When her son was born, Kelly became truly happy once again.
Suddenly, a different train broke down! Ashley was trapped on her train for two hours before it moved again. Finally, the train was back on its destination towards Chicago.
He tried many home remedies. Finally, he found found bitter finger nail polish. Larry can now enjoy not hearing his mother scolding him.
Eventually my string started to pull my rod. My mom pulled me from behind so I wouldn't fall in the water. We ended up pulling the fish out of the water that caught the bait.
He got into the fire truck and began to drive. Paul felt the heat when he got close to the fire. He parked the car and assessed the situation.
I began to panic when I thought my hair was getting too short. I know that I would love the new style when I got used to it though. Now, I never panic because trying new hair styles is fun!
He thinks of himself as a poet. Harry always encouraged me to write. I wrote an essay about my impressions of Harry.
She visits the local furniture store to look for a new chair. She finally finds one that is in her budget. She is happy to be decorating her new home.
When he gets to the store, he finds a blazer for a reasonable price. It fits him perfectly. Fred is happy he has found a blazer for the event.
Troy practiced hard on his driving techniques. Troy shows Zach he can now hit a ball 306 yards. Zach has to pay Troy $100 for the wager that he made.
Later on, one of her friends got drunk and started to be mean. Her and Khloe had a huge drag out fight. Khloe sent everyone home and regretted her party.
He scrutinized his dad's face as his dad opened the gift. At first his dad had no expression, and Peter worried. But then his dad smiled and Peter knew he loved the gift!
Then, she started one wash. When that was done, she put the load in the dryer. Then, she washed the other load.
Later a the weather began to turn for the worse. A large wave tossed the small boat onto the rocks. Yuri watched from life raft as the boat dipped beneath the water.
It took Jake two house to make his room look spotless. His mother saw the room and was very happy with him. Jake got to eat pizza later that night.
Sally came to visit and brought her some alphabet soup. Bianca ate every last drop of the delicious soup. She felt a lot better after eating and was thankful for Sally's visit.
His mother got sick and had to move in with the couple. Angela worked full time outside of the home. Because Angela's mother in law was sick she stayed home.
A little yellow cat poked his head through the curtains. The neighbors had left their pet behind. Rick opened a window, and took the little cat home.
She had 6 months free financing on her credit card. After 6 months, Samantha forgot to pay her credit card debt. Samantha was left with crippling debt for Years.
Amy took notes, and paid attention. When it was her turn to cook her food turned out perfect. The teacher showed the class Amy's dish as an example of how to cook.
She surprised me with a puppy! It was a Japanese breed that loved to lick us! The dog got along with the other animals and joined the family.
She put up advertisements online. She found another girl of similar age interested. They got coffee together and signed the lease that day.
The finch was so flustered he could barely hold his bowels. He alighted on a cable above the Porsche at a red light intersection. Revenge was his.
She finally told Ted she felt trapped without a car all day. They could not afford to buy another car. Ted finally agreed to bike to work two days a week.
We talked about what to do for fun during the week. We decided to take a road trip and explore the west. We drove to San Francisco since we both always wanted to see the city.
The airline provided a replacement for Roy on that flight. The flight Roy missed crashed, with many fatalities. Roy felt both very sad and very grateful.
She took many pictures of the beautiful scenery. When the trip was over, she was very sad to leave. On the flight home, she made plans to visit again!
This was the last award of the night so the lady said her speech. She acknowledged a few people. Then she took a bow and went to her seat.
Dylan, the point guard, dribbled it up the court. At the top of the key he did a crossover and drove to the rim. The lane was clear and he shot a layup, winning the game.
In the process he was bitten by the strange dog. Can was so afraid that he had contracted rabies. When his test came back negative, he almost cried with relief!
She bought some Daiya brand pizza. Going back home, it started to rainy. Her car slid from the rainy and she died in the crash.
Then, he realized he lost his credit card! Bob decided to use his debit card. Alas, he had insufficient funds.
Tom had learned to say no to drugs. Tom said he didn't want to smoke. He went home and left his bad friends.
I just gave her a bath and she had a good time. When she finished her bath she sat on my shoulder and licked my face. Then I took her downstairs and she sat on the windowsill.
She fell and hit her head on some rocks. For a second, she felt really dizzy and lightheaded. Luckily, she was able to get back up and walk home safely.
As she started to get up, she noticed a rock that looked strange. She was shocked to find that this rock was a fossil. Gina took the rock home and displayed it on her mantle.
John made the four mile journey on foot. He got to work on time, but covered in embarrassing sweat marks. John decided to return to normal decision making rather than the coin.
Bob decided to write a story about his time in the military. Bob submitted his story to the green apple publishing company. Bob's story was number one on the New York Times bestseller.
At open house, the drawings were placed at each child's desk. Rhonda's parents searched in vain for their family picture. When the teacher showed them, Rhonda's parents looked puzzled.
Every time she tried, she ended up falling off and into the water. After the day of hard work, she decided surfing wasn't for her. Now she likes to build sandcastles when she goes to the beach.
Tom knew he was not great enough to earn a scholarship. Tom's cousin was on a football scholarship in college. Tom's cousin introduced Tom to a college basketball coach.
Angela had to look for a new job. Looking for a job wasn't as easy as it had been when she was younger. No matter how hard she tried she couldn't get an interview.
When he is losing, he talks to try to distract me. When he is winning, he boasts. When I win, I make a lot of noise.
He pretended coughed but his mom didn't buy it. SHe got mad and him and dragged him out. He had to go to school.
The students all groaned. They had to work together to solve a problem. It took them 20 minutes but they finished.
But his daughter called him and invited him to her apartment. Charles hurried there, not knowing what the issue could be. Inside her apartment he met his three month old grandson.
The rich man said he'd pay the beggar to tell him a story. The beggar told him tales of his travels and woes. The rich man gave him 23 cents and walked on.
The suitor showed up, wearing formal clothes. They had a proper chat and he promised to call her again. Prima was delighted with how the courtship was going.
Sammy ended up losing millions of dollars due to the bad economy. She had to file for bankruptcy. Afterwards, she had to sell the majority of her belongings.
Audrey prayed and meditated and then sat down to write. He felt inspired and hyper-focused on the task. In a few hours, Audrey finished the first draft of his novel.
I ran to my room and ate the chips as fast as I could. She called me down for dinner just as I finished. She saw the crumbs on my face and sent me to my room without eating.
She needed to replace the batteries. Kim looked everywhere for new ones without any luck. She had to stand up to change channels instead.
My son wanted to throw a fit. We walked down every aisle and I grabbed what I needed. We made it to the checkout before anything horrible happened.
One day there was none at her local stores or online. She called the manufacturer who told her they were no longer sold. Kim was sad a product she relied on was no longer available.
But as she tried to cut out her pieces, she became frustrated. Tia realized that dressmaking was very difficult. She decided to just buy herself a dress at the store instead.
The overture finished and the director stood still. A moment later he gave Mitch a signal. Mitch pulled the cords and raised the stage curtain.
Suddenly, she woke up crying. Her mom came to comfort her. Emily had had a nightmare.
Now she feared a bully would ruin her trip. Ali told her teacher of her fears. She was disappointed when the teacher brushed off as paranoia.
However they were out of quarters at home. So she searched her dad's wallet. And then she put a 20 dollar bill in the tube.
The argued over who should get the biggest piece of pie. Charlie grabbed a piece and threw it at Sally's face. Dad sent them to bed without any pie.
He told his neighbors he would shovel for them. He got five customers and shoveled their driveways. When winter ended he had saved over five hundred dollars!
However, her mother June wasn't happy about it. She called her father October into the kitchen to discuss it. January said she was a grown woman and could make her own decisions.
I cut the plastic with a knife to fit the windows. I taped and stapled the plastic to the windows. Using plastic is how I kept the cold drafts out this winter.
He couldn't catch some of the balls. Then when he was the batter, he stroke it far. He reached home plate.
On those nights, he tosses and turns and can't sleep. Often, Ted will get back out of be in order to complete the ritual. Ted has been diagnosed with obsessive compulsive disorder.
She ran into the living room and saw a fire from a candle. She quickly grabbed her extinguisher and tried to put it out. Luckily, the fire wasn't too bad.
But Amy's mom handed it to her sister. She gave Amy a pink coat that felt like plastic. Amy left the coat on the playground the next day.
We got in the car and headed down there. She immediately ran around and played with the other dogs. I cannot wait to take her back to the dog park.
But the apples were my favorite. She cut them up, and baked a pie with them! The pie was delicious.
The guitar had once belonged to Elvis Presley. Ricky's manager bought the guitar for Ricky. Ricky played the best concert of his life with it.
I put the fruit on the counter. I turned on the blender and put the fruit inside of it. I made a delicious smoothie and drank it.
She told me there was a break in at the apartment above us. The assailant fled down the fire escape outside my window! Our apartment was fine and I moved 2 days later.
His parents knew their son could be famous. Silas and his family moved to Los Angeles. Silas went on many auditions and landed a movie role.
The problem that was most troublesome was leaving things on the stove. This morning she'd left a towel on the stove that caught fire. Stella learned that day that cooking required her full attention.
This had happened before, and I hid a voice recorder this time. They told lies about the process to convince us we couldn't vote. I have sent a copy of the audio to a freelance journalist I know.
Gina was unaware of this. One day, Martin wrote Gina a love letter. They are getting married in June.
He bounced on his ball every day, from morning until night. One day, Gray bounced so hard his bouncing ball popped. He was so sad, but his mom went and bought him another bouncing ball.
Her boyfriend agreed to teach her. Dana was a quick learner. They were riding around together within minutes.
He knew he was forgetting something! His mother gave him his backpack before he left. Jim went to school happy that he didn't forget his backpack.
When she opened them, the whole class was staring at her. The teacher paused for a moment, but he eventually continued. Diana went to the bathroom to freshen up.
He tried finding a safe place to take a nap. Hallie refused to let him sleep. Ryder ran under the bed to take his nap.
Billy was open and his teammate passed the ball to him. Billy ran up to the hoop. He scored and helped the team win.
With his sleeve, he gave it a quick polish. The man started up a familiar song. The whole club went silent and listened to the man play.
Once he left the house it began to rain. Paul went back inside to get a rain coat. Paul wore both his hoodie and rain coat to work.
Her other daughter was selling candy bars. Grace wanted to help both girls. Finally, Grace decided to buy both candy and cookies.
It snowed and I couldn't find my snow boots. My husband came in and told me he donated my boots to Goodwill. I was upset but I bought them back off of Ebay.
I felt myself drifting off to sleep. Finally, I embraced the sleep and closed my eyes. Alas, I crashed the truck!
So, the kids walked all over him. I could tell the substitute was overwhelmed after a few days. So, I was not surprised when he quit.
Jason and the girl sat at the bar and watched some TV. Soon it had been way too long to be waiting. Right when they were about to complain, they were finally seated.
He decided to do something about it. He made up a funny rhyme about his address. After that he always remembered it.
I accused her, but she denied it. She showed me her tag and it was not my size. She forgave me and even helped me look for my coat.
She wore it every day. Everyone commented on how nice her scarf was. Now I make scarves for everyone else, too.
Ryan had breakfast and hurriedly got ready to go build a snowman. It didn't take long however, until Ryan was back indoors. The next day, mom woke him up and told him to get ready for school.
Since they didn't have lunch yet, they devoured the crackers. When Henry came back into the living room, he found the box. It was lying on the ground, empty inside.
One day Jake was missing 35 dollars from his dresser. Jake confronted his roommate and told him to leave. Jake's life has been better since he freed himself of his roommate.
I saw outside that it was snowing, something he had never seen. We bundled up and went outside to explore and play in it. We took a warm bath and a nap afterwards.
One day she found the king of hearts. Not long after that, she found the queen of hearts. This made Maria very happy, as she felt it was a good sign!
Ian calls his mom to ask for money for gloves. She sends him money. Ian goes to the store to buy gloves.
Finally, he realized that his wisdom teeth must be coming in. He called his dentist immediately for an appointment. With his dentist's recommendation, he took some ibuprofen.
His teacher feels hopeless to deal with Cade. Cade's mom decides to home-school him instead. Now he is learning a lot of new things.
Unfortunately last Saturday she got lost. I looked everywhere for her. Finally i found her in the neighbor's yard.
They said that it was expensive and didn't allow freedom of expression Before the principal went inside her car, an angry mob appeared. They were yelling at the principal to reconsider her decision.
But he resolved to save every penny of it! After two months, Liam had enough money to buy the game. He was very proud of himself for saving his money.
He made chicken noodle soup and fed everyone. We had orange juice to drink. Mommy woke up the next morning all better.
I have watched them argue, fuss and fight. Pre marriage counseling has failed them obviously. That's why I think Tracy and Doug deserve a refund.
One day her mother told her to stop so she doesn't get hurt. She started only riding it when her mother wasn't around. One day her mother caught her and gave her a spanking.
Gradually, he trusted her enough to walk up and sniff her hand. Eventually, Amy was able to take him for the first walk he'd ever had. She was so moved by his courage and heart, Amy adopted him.
I then got the cheese out and put it on the bread. I put the sandwiches on the griddle until they were a golden brown. I then took the sandwiches off and stacked them all on a plate.
Finally she gets an interview with a local newspaper. Jane works very hard to prepare for the newspaper interview. Her preparation pays off when she is offered a job!
I went though all my old chargers to see if any worked. Both of us could not find any that matched his phone. As a result his phone rant out of power.
One day brent helped Joanna sneak out of the house but she got caught. Brent was no longer allowed to see her but he knew he was wrong. joanna eventually met a good man and got married.
Christine conducted research to see which type of tree would fit her. After researching, Christine decided to purchase an artificial tree. Christine was glad to see her tree decorated in living room.
But Sandra's oldest daughter was 19 and wanted space. But Sandra scolded her over chores and still wouldn't let her drive. One evening Sandra came home to a goodbye note, her daughter ran away.
During a breakaway, Jayson got the ball. He passed the defenders and looked up at the goal. He took a shot and scored the game-winner!
The kids were playing baseball in the middle of the street. Sure enough a baseball went through my window. End up having to pay a lot of money to repair my window.
The shoes were too small, so he put them in a box. Bob took the box to a charity and donated the shoes. Later, the shoes were given to a homeless person.
She took the doll to her mom, crying. But her mom smiled and told her not to worry. Within an hour her mom had sewed the arm back on good as new!
They each bought shirts for themselves and their dates. They boys were upset when they saw the shirts. They didn't mind dressing like their dates, but not like each other.
She was nervous about the lightening, and pulled out of the river. She carried her kayak to a nearby road. Jennifer's friend Alissa arrived in a jeep to pick her up.
The sound got closer. It also got louder. It turns out it was the new puppy his mom got him.
She had an appointment and could not buy it right then. When Marty went to the store the angel was already gone. To Marty's surprise her son bought the angel to give her as a gift.
He asked me to explain why it was not appropriate. I told him it was because the data was not symmetrical. He thanked me for my brilliant insight into the problem.
One day they get stuck in a forest. Alex prays for help. Help soon arrives, saving them from the endeavour.
She set the jar by her table to admire them. As she grew up, though, she realized that the bugs were dying. So, she admired the fireflies from her window instead.
He didn't pass it on the first try so he studied even more. Finally, Mike passed the test on his third try. Then, he got the job.
The tallest one I climbed was also the scariest. I fell and broke my arm. I still climb trees but I'm more careful about it now.
He decided to stop following the trail. Andy got lost in the forest. A park ranger found him and brought him home.
Julius explained how the walls were thin andy made a lot of noise. The neighbors were defiant and slammed the door in his face. Julius then decided to move and was happy with the decision.
Then she decided to ask the bellhop for help. She went inside and explained her predicament. The bellhop happily called a taxi for Emma.
She combed out his fur, and started cutting. To even out her mistakes, she had to cut even more. When Barb's husband came home, the dog had bald spots.
One day, a new manager took over. Everything became very overwhelming. She quit without notice.
Lynn was on a high because she didn't get caught. Amy was buzzing because a boy named Ben had kissed her. They sat on the bed exchanging stories from their night.
Getting bored, Jane bet her husband that he would miss his putt. Jane's husband missed his putt and double bogeyed the hole. Her husband told Jane that she did not need to attend the next outing.
Sam's kite flew and Ben's didn't. Sam felt bad. Sam gave his kite to Ben and they were both happy.
I decided to do push ups. I also did sit ups. After a month I had a huge six pack stomach.
Eric noticed one of the students looking at her neighbor's test. The student admitted to copying answers! Eric reluctantly gave the student no points.
He blew out his keyboard with some computer duster. It fixed the key on his keyboard. Joe was able to finish typing the essay.
Nick told the judge he was being framed. The judge didn't find Nick's argument compelling. Nick is now in prison and doesn't get to drink at all.
He looked forward to stuffing his face. When the time came, he ate 5 full plates of food. Soon after, his stomach started hurting from all the food.
He showed her how to send messages on instant messenger. Lee answered all of her questions. He pondered the wisdom in it when she later spammed him with cat gifs.
Everyone made fun of Mary because she did not have a lamb. Mary started to cry. Mary went home very upset about her first day of preschool.
Laura asked the owner about the falling popularity. The owner told her that most people use online rental services now. Laura no longer went to the video rental store.
All of a sudden clouds rolled in. It started to rain. Sam stayed out since he was already wet.
His wife decided to make some gravy. She went to the kitchen and threw the gravy together. With the gravy on top, the turkey was much easier to eat.
He simply spent all night eating food. Someone reminded him to save some for everyone that's there. However, he ended up eating too much and left afterwards.
Bob ordered 2 chocolate sundaes. He paid with cash and left the restaurant. He forgot spoons so they had to wait until they got home to eat.
He discovered a bunch of trash all over the ground. The next day he cleaned up all the garbage. Now his son can play in a clean park.
He started thinking about clean energy and lower electricity. He decided to hang dry the clothes. Joe felt better about the environment and had a lower energy bill.
While fixing my car, Tom started arguing with me. Suddenly, he hit me in my face and tried to fight me. I was so shocked, I immediately kicked both of them out.
I took it to my first day of work. Alas, my coworkers laughed at the purse. That's when I realized I had bad fashion taste.
She asked her parents and they bought her a ticket. Once she was there, she stood alone and watched the show. She stayed until the end and really enjoyed it.
He kept hoping the dog would come in the dining room. She did like broccoli. His mother knew that so she had put the dog outside!
There, she saw the sights. Then she had famous New York pizza. Rose loved visiting New York!
I use it for playing old CD-ROM games. I will need to upgrade its memory next. It can only hold two games at a time right now.
She decided to run out to the store. Then, she bought some sandwiches and brought them home. Luckily, no one even noticed that the food had run low.
He asked if she wanted to catch up. She agreed so they went to dinner. They ended up getting back together.
She listened to his heart and lungs. She told him the doctor would be in shortly. She left the room and closed the door.
Brian donated 99 pairs of shoes to the local woman's shelter. Pam knows which shoes to wear now. Pam and Brian have since gotten divorced.
When she got to the restaurant she was greeted sweetly. While she was eating her meal, Kelly was happy how great the food was. At the end of the night, she was thrilled she ate there.
He tasted the final product. It did not taste right to him. Mike poured the stock down the drain.
Jimmy reeled in a big catfish! Jimmy took the catfish home. His mother prepared the fish for dinner afterwards.
When he came back he took the cookies out and they weren't right. Looking back over the recipe, he realized he put in too much flour. He found the mistake amusing and tried again to make it right.
He went to rehab and worked very hard. The injury started to heal. Because of his hard work, he can play in two weeks.
Weeks later my ear hurt. It was big and red. Thankfully i got medicine for it.
Lynsey made terrible grades and couldn't get into college. Lynsey had to take a job at a very bad restaurant. Lynsey is now poor and wishes she had studied more.
Gina hadn't told Andrea she wasn't going to be at Henry High. Drea had been looking for Gina all day. After 20 minutes Drea hung up on Gina.
He tried his hardest to keep up. The next day he was intensely sore. He stopped working out because of it.
I began watching my macronutrients and intake. I also began working out. Six months later I was at goal weight, and no hypertension!
After I went on a ride I started to feel sick. I immediately went to the trash can. I ended up getting sick.
However, in a rush, she hadn't eaten that day. A friend at the cookout offers Francine a hot dog to eat. After eating, she feels great and she enjoys the cookout.
In her free time, she's been working on a series. She's getting published this fall. Darla secretly hopes that she can make enough money to quit.
Ryan asked Heather did she take it and Heather denied taking it. Heather walked away and the phone fell out her pocket. Ryan snatched his phone back and reported Heather to administration.
At first Alex was hesitant about moving next store to his parents. Although he soon realized how expensive everyday things are. So now he just borrows mostly everything he needs from his parents.
He refused help from anyone. One day he finally took advice from his dad. After that he was a pro at basketball.
He had a special surprise planned for the big day. The entire wedding party practiced for months working on a flash mob. Valerie was surprised and delighted with the wonderful performance.
Hari decided to buy headphones. He went to the store and got the best headphones available. Now, Harry could listen to music without complaints.
Bryan was forced to go out and buy food. Bryan bought food in bulk for his dogs. The dogs were happy and let Brian do his work.
He wondered who was hanging out in the parking lot. Kevin walked over to the car and recognized the guy behind the wheel. It was one of his closest friends from high school smoking in his car.
Adam did not want to go out to eat and planned a surprise instead. He went to the kitchen and started cooking. He surprised Angel with her favorite meal with dessert included!
He often looked at pictures of the snow. Larry visited Alaska to experience the snow. He will never leave Florida again.
Agricultural societies made large cities possible. These cities produced greater and greater technologies over time. Now, in the information age, the future seems very uncertain.
She looked left then right. The coast was clear. She crossed the street successfully and was full of pride.
We made a mote around the castle. The waves crashed on the shore and washed the castle away. We had a lot of fun building our sand castle.
Crossing the Serengeti, our truck had a flat tire. We had to wait outside the truck in the dark and were scared. The tire was fixed and we made it to the balloon trip just in time.
It was determined that Lindsay had an infected appendix. The doctor ordered a surgery right away. Lindsay had the surgery and felt much better after a few days.
He made snacks in anticipation of the premiere. As they gathered around the tv the news began. Mark was sad the show was postponed for a presidential address.
But it was so confusing! Alai could not figure out how to file. He went to a professional tax preparer instead.
However, the rest of her body fell out of the bed. She landed on the ground. Since I was in the living room, I only heard a large thud.
She gave it to the smartest student. Everyone cheered for her. The girl was praised the rest of the day in school.
They told me to come in to get them fix. I went in and they fixed them. Then, I was able to go home.
Keeping her distance, she saw it eventually find a larger shell. As it entered it, she realized what was going on. It had found a safe home of sorts before time ran out.
Molly cried and said the mermaid was a fake. The mermaid whispered to Molly, and the little girl smiled. She was glad the mermaid got her wish for one day.
So he decided to order some sandwiches. After waiting for hours, they finally arrived. But by then, the weather was cool enough to eat oatmeal.
He decided to clean it with the same stuff he used on CPUs. So he grabbed a bottle of pure acetone. It melted a hole clean through the CD.
It snarled as though it was going to attack her. Anna turned and fled quickly! Thankfully, the wolf did not give chase.
All my extended family came to visit. This seemed good at first, but it was a mistake. All they did was argued.
One day, Arnold had a bad ache in his tooth. The dentist had to pull three of his teeth because they were rotten. Arnold never ate cake again.
He was worried he couldn't keep up and wouldn't get to talk to her. One morning he went to the doctor and found out he had asthma. Now he has an inhaler and he can run with Janie!
Since I woke up late to dress for school, I wasn't near the stop. The bus left as soon as I was running to the stop. My parents took me to school since I missed the bus.
Sara decided to lose weight to make herself more confident. Sara worked out and watched what she ate. A year later Sarah was happy and the doctor said her weight was good.
One day she left the walkman in her backpack on the school bus. When she went to retrieve her backpack it felt lighter. Unfortunately, someone stole Jayne's favorite walkman.
Joe misses his family very badly at first. The time passes slowly. Joe is very happy the day he gets to come home.
She was terrible! But, she committed to practicing her skills. Eventually, she became the top archer in her club.
Joey came in first place and won a spot in the WSOP. Joey made his arrangements to fly to Vegas. Joey experienced his dream playing in the WSOP.
She crept into the kitchen. She opened the fridge and found some grapes. She snacked quietly, then returned to bed.
She let me get a hamster. I like my hamster because his fur is dark brown. I love my new pet!
She was so proud and excited! But a week before the show, Tina got laryngitis. She sadly had to resign from the Christmas concert.
We called maintenance. The elevator company had to come and retrieve the keys. We all laughed about the incident.
He teased them and the monkeys responded to him. He loved the Orangutans the most. He told his friends about the zoo and brought them there later.
Her new table mate Judy knew Erin and Sara from elementary. They were mean girls and no one liked them. Amy was shocked she could have been blind for so long.
She started the water and poured in the bubbles. Amanda undressed and stepped into the tub. She sank into the hot water and drifted off for a nap.
The vegetables were poured afterwards. When everyone ate the soup, they complained about what's wrong. My grandmother simply walked away.
Brad felt like he wasted his time on the shelter. The next week scientists said a meteor was headed to earth. Brad felt like luck was on his side.
However to her surprise she saw a shark. The lifeguard told her to get out. She immediately got out of the water.
Joe leaned over the water to look at the fish. He lost his balance and fell in the pond. He was so embarrassed that he never went back to that restaurant again
The customer received his food within several minutes and ate it. The next day, he caught food poisoning. He threw up constantly and had a stomach ache.
He got better and better. Eventually he entered a bowling league contest. He did so well, he won second prize!
She was enjoying her snow cone. Unfortunately Mary accidentally dropped her cone. The driver of the Ice cream Truck was nice and gave Mary another one.
I was playing soccer when I felt I weird pain right on my groin. I ran to the nurse's office in panic. The bee was still in my boxers connected to the stinger.
Most of the items were unnecessary clothing. When her boyfriend received the credit card bill, he got furious. He didn't allow Mary to borrow his card again until she pays him back.
They decided to go inside just to be safe. Inside they checked the news. They learned that a mountain lion had been spotted in the area.
After he got back his results, he wasn't surprised. He blamed all of his past failures on his low intelligence. And eventually, he had no motivation to attempt any of his goals.
She was delighted to see so many offerings for salad toppers. Amy gladly loaded up her salad. Amy loved the salad so much she returned with friends.
They put them on and started to goof around. Mike hit Jerry to hard one time, and made Jerry mad. Then it turned serious, and a real boxing match broke out.
He went into the automatic machine. Before he noticed he was soaked and soapy. He had forgotten to close the window in all the excitement.
He tried to enroll in the math class for next semester. But it was full. Erin was too sad to take any other classes as well.
We waited to make sure the weather would hold out. It has been a mild spring so they were able to still dig. We now have our foundation done on our new house!
When they got there, her sister wasn't at the seats. When the match started, they realized her sister was in the derby. She had been accepted on the team but hadn't told anyone.
He ran for President. He lost very badly. He was mad.
The coach gave her drills to do. Tess did the drills. Tess improved her ranking on her tennis team.
While out, he spots a nice buck 20 yards away. He takes aim and releases an arrow at the buck. The arrow misses the buck and hits a tree instead.
Early in the morning they set out with their tour guide and group. Many animals were seen, including some lions relaxing in the shade. The kids decided it was the best family vacation ever.
Deedee had a certain budget to stay in. Deedee found a split level, patio, deck and lovely yard areas. The lovely peach and green house with rose bushes on both sides.
When the discovery was made, Clark banged on her door. Wendy answered, apologizing to the grumpy old man. She quickly had the children go over and collect their belongings.
He ordered one of the new dishes and was impressed. He told all of his friends about the new items. His word of mouth helped increased the restaurant's profit.
As soon as he climbed the attic ladder he saw a mouse. He was so startled he fell back and hit his head. Now Tom has to go to the emergency room for stitches.
Steve searched the medical aisle for toothbrushes. They were on sale for 10 cents per toothbrush. They were so cheap that Steve bought 8 toothbrushes.
One day Jesse decided to buy Allison flowers. She was very surprised by the gift. Gradually, they began to get along.
The kids are very excited about it. I saw them tonight out walking the dog. I think I might want a puppy.
He went to the store and bought the ingredients. Jerome spent a full day perfecting the chili. He got up early the next morning and drove to the cook off.
Henry soon found a wife and had children. Henry taught his kids just as he always did. Nowadays, Henry's children make him very proud.
I was sitting in school next to the girl I liked. My teacher called my name during roll call. To this day, that crush of mine still calls me squeaky.
He realized his music tastes had changed. He thought deeply about how and why his tastes changed. He realized he enjoyed more complex music in his adulthood.
Instead it hit my hand. I gave myself a burn. Now my hand has a lovely pink bandaid.
We picked a rescue from the local pound. It is really cute and playful. So far I've been playing with it most.
Sally never played deck hockey before and was very nervous. Anne was playing roughly and caused an to fall and twist her ankle. Sally is no longer friends with Anne.
Herman recently found out he was eligible for a loan. Herman took the loan. Herman now has enough money for his task.
I called to my wife to see if she knew what kind of bird it was. She grabbed her bird book and started to flip through it. She told me that it was most likely as goldfinch.
My aunt Jean made a mac & cheese as well. He tried to then use it as a cane, since he needed one. It broke in half while trying to use it and which made him sad.
They ended up have eight puppies together! There was no way I could manage ten dogs total so I sold the puppies. I ended up making one thousand dollars and found homes for the dogs.
Then she was told her legs were too short for a ballerina! She was crushed, but then had a good idea. She began to teach ballet to kids, dancing every day!
We recently had a mouse get inside. She woke us up by playing with the mouse on our bed. Even though I was angry, I gave her a treat.
Grandpa asked if she wanted to wait for the next movie. Lucy thought it might be better to see a different one instead. Grandpa agreed and they saw her 2nd choice option.
She didn't know which place was the best offer. Eventually she finally decided. But by then her lunch hour was over.
He slept and did what he wanted all the time. Then he got bored and went back to work. Byron was glad to be working again.
Her first choice didn't accept her. Heartbroken, Nova decided to keep faith in her other choices. Nova's second choice accepted her.
When there was silence, he very calmly informed them it wasn't true. He said it was important they not tell people he was unemployed. Jack's boss came out of his office and told him he was fired.
They went to the food court together. They sat and chatted over their coffee. Then he asked Nala for a date, and she agreed!
Last weekend, her daughter went out to have a good time. But she stayed out past her curfew. He daughter came home and said she was having fun so she didn't leave.
He heard a big thump. When he turned, he found his cat had knocked over the carton. She was licking up the milk that had spilled everywhere.
Janet convinced 3 other people to come with her. They all hiked up a 3000 foot tall mountain. The next day they all returned home to look at pictures they took.
Anita ducked but another man didn't. He told the bank robber to show his gun. Then he punched the man trying to rob the bank, who didn't have a gun.
Afterwards, Mary used public transportation to go to the hospital. She was there to visit her grandmother. Mary sat in the room and told stories to her all evening.
Tim joyously explored all the ancient sites to be found there. A publisher took notice and offered him a book deal. Tim's making a lot of money from writing about what he loves now.
When the timer went off she opened the oven. It looked exactly the same as when she put it in an hour ago. She had forgotten to turn on the oven!
Several classmates noticed the bag and started to eat it. They also left the bag on the table without throwing it away. Sandy noticed that her chips were gone and became mad.
She saw her husband cutting a fresh pot roast at the counter. He had decided to surprise her with a home cooked meal. Jenn enjoyed her lunch and went back to work.
At first it is difficult to find a place in his price range. Finally he finds a venue on the other side of town that is perfect. Fred is happy that his wedding plans are finally coming together.
His friend, Leo, also loved to play soccer, but he did not play well. Remy and Leo applied for a soccer scholarship at their local college. Remy was surprised when they both were awarded the scholarship.
The boys started to play. Ed played better than any of them. He easily won the game!
Steve brought over a board game. They set up the game and played it together. This made Jason happy.
His dream was to ride a camel! Neil's guide helped him book a camel trip. Neil was thrilled by his camel ride through the desert!
She was surrounded by flames! Ana rushed outside and dialed 911 from her cell phone. She sobbed, knowing her carelessness had caused the fire.
She decided to volunteer. She was not sure what to do. She decided to use her talents and do face painting.
This meant the car was overheating. I checked under the hood to find the radiator filled with coolant. The temperature went down and I drove off confused but happy.
The doctor gives Chuck some medicine. Chuck takes the medicine and feels better in a day or two. Now Chuck is back at work performing well.
However, when my pizza arrived, it had no toppings. It was just a plain cheese pizza. I called the restaurant and luckily they gave me 2 free pizzas!
The next morning, she awoke feeling awful. Aria was suffering a severe hangover! She vowed never to drink that much again.
They spent the entire day learning new skill moves and having fun. They then had dinner at a nearby lodge. They went back to the cabin and went to sleep.
However, he became frustrated. In person, he tried to ignore me. I tried to reach out to him however, he choose to ignore me.
He drove to the baseball stadium. He waited in his seat for hours. The game was delayed due to rainy for 2 hours.
When they got to the farm, they were met by the farmer. June and her children got to visit with all the different animals. When they left, the children waved farewell to the farmer.
At first her entries were stilted and brief. But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries. Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!
Ani goes through the foster care licensing process. She decides to care for the kids until her brother can. Ani is stressed and hoping they can return home soon.
After discussion and reviewing, the agency denied her book. Sadie was disappointed, but stayed hopeful. She knew there were millions of other publishing agencies to try.
Josh named his parrot Polly and called his name every day. One day he heard his parrot say "Polly". Josh was so excited that he taught his parrot how to say its name!
He got in the plane. He put on his parachute. He jumped out and landed perfectly.
She had a big tournament this weekend. She bought new cleats to prepare for the tournament. Jill was able to score 2 goals with her new cleats.
I waited patiently for my name to be called. I showed the mole to my doctor after he came to get me. He snipped the mole off in no time.
The judge told Patty that she could volunteer in lieu of paying. Patty agreed to volunteer. She found it satisfying and decided to become a social worker.
At the event, I was chosen to be hypnotized. He hypnotized me and surprisingly, it worked on me. I'm still not sure to this day how he got me!
Suddenly she saw that she was lost! She hurriedly flagged down a passing taxi. The taxi drove Anna back to her hotel.
He hoped to win, but competition was stiff. The next week the winner is announced. It was Tim!
Bob decided to get a second job to save up the money. After a few months, he had enough money. He bought the diamond ring for his girlfriend.
I asked everyone if Congress Accomplished anything and got nothing. I called my Congressman and surprisingly he answered the phone. I soon learned Congress had voted themselves a raise this year.
Jim could still see that Jen was a little upset. He offered that they go see the romantic movie that night. Jen was so happy that she went to see Jim's movie the next night.
My mother welcomes me with a big hug. I see everyone gathered in the kitchen. It feels good to be home.
Clara decided to practice Chess on the computer every day. When she beat the computer, she decided to replay her brother. Finally she was able to beat him!
Once aloft, the plane was rocked by severe turbulence, causing panic. Thankfully, the aircraft was unscathed and they landed safely. Barbara felt reborn and wasn't nervous about her meeting anymore.
I decided to change it. I changed it to Zeke. Now, I loved my name!
When Doris went for an eye exam the doctor was concerned. He noticed a suspicious mole above her right eye and took a biopsy. The mole was determined to be melanoma which ended her life.
Mark's supervisor at work called him into his office. Mark's supervisor asked him if everything was okay at home. They both had a good laugh when Mark explained why he looked so crazy.
Jerry trained hard and kept his nutrition in check. Eventually, Jerry tried out for the olympic squad. Unfortunately, Jerry wasn't good enough and his dreams were crushed.
Frida paints each nail very carefully. When she's done, her nails all look great. Freda is very happy with her new nail color.
His neighbor came to the door and tried to silence the dogs. Jake thought that this would be an ongoing problem. Jake spent next few weeks trying to get to know the dogs.
He was so happy, he sat on it and turned around. Until his finger got caught and he started screaming. Josh ended up in surgery but didn't lose his finger.
For snack, the children ate fruits and vegetables that they had grown. The cafeteria ladies prepared the snacks for the kids. The kids were all excited and proud of the fruits of their labor!
It got them in a lot of trouble. They learned to be honest. It made their lives easier.
Before he left he took basic Spanish classes. He learned some great travel Spanish phrases. He was able to get along really well in Mexico.
Annie sees a neighbor. Annie sees a Robin. Annie points out the Robin to the neighbor.
He keeps vomiting and coughing. Lucy gave Bob some medicine that she use to take. Within hours Bob started feeling better.
Then, her friend offered to give her her old tree. Laney thanked her a ton. Later, her friend dropped the tree off at her house.
Jared panicked and tried to radio for help but the radio didn't work. The plane began to fall as Jared prepared to tell the passengers. Suddenly, the plane began to work again and Jared thanked God.
The teacher asked her why she threw the book. Her explanation was not good enough. Gina was sent to see the principal.
When he moved in, Oswald found a bat in the attic. He ran from the bat and hid in his closet. Oswald regretted moving to the country.
In doing so he lost control of his car. The car veered to the side of the road and hit a bucket of cans. Cans went flying everywhere on the road!
Joe's sister, Jane, killed Wanda. Jane was arrested for murder and sentenced to 25 years. But Wanda's cousin shanked her to death in the shower.
We were curious about the new kids in town. When we showed up people greeted us. They were very nice, and things went well.
However, her anxiety prevented her from thinking clearly. She wasn't able to start her first paragraph until 10 minutes later. When the time ran out, she only submitted two paragraphs.
The girl was shy but introduced herself to Eva. She and Eva played all during recess. Eva and the new girl had become fast friends!
She had to finished the meals for a few more minutes. To her dismay, her cake was burning. Luckily she took it out and it was safe.
Jacob and his parents set up a meeting with the school principal. Derek gets suspended from school, and apologizes to Jacob. Jacob isn't being bullied at school anymore.
However, the hiring manager liked Jane's personality. The hiring manager decided to flip a coin to decide who to hire. The coin landed on heads and Jane was hired.
Gina held the remote so they couldn't change the TV. They were out of town so no one knew the channel lineup. Without the remote they had no choice but to watch her show.
Hillary says mean things about Bernie on television. Bernie feels sad. Bernie becomes president after the election.
However to my surprise when I got it I never used it. I just started using my virtual keyboard. It ended up being a waste of money.
I am so excited for everyone to watch the show. I will twirl around the stage. My parents were so proud of me.
He had a cleaning coming up. He began brushing thrice daily in preparation. The dental hygienist told Sherman that he was over-brushing.
Kim felt sorry for her target and she marketed to him a room for rent. Kim's target moved into the house with her mother and sister. Now Kim watches him easier.
But there was too much blood. Jan drove to the hospital. And doctors were able to stop the bleeding.
She didn't think that was right but went for it. Then, she baked the cupcakes. They came out with an awkward texture.
Sally went over to visit with him and they talked for hours. The old man thanked Sally for a nice visit and they parted ways. Sally never saw the old man again and found out he had passed away.
Most of the family didn't want to live in a stormy area anymore. So they bought a new home elsewhere. Now they feel more safe and secure.
After a while, Frida noticed she was not near her destination. Frida accidentally got on the wrong bus. Frida had to get on a different bus to get to her destination.
Sally saw another little girl on her walk. Sally talked to the little girl. Sally and the little girl are now friends.
Rich went to the doctor to be assessed. The doctor said it wasn't cancer. Rich felt utterly relieved and comforted by that news.
He went to the mall with his mother. His mother bought him new shirts and jeans. Rick felt appreciative that his mother bought him new clothes.
Wendy tried baking some goods, and selling them one day. Wendy made so much money, she was able to pay her bills. Nowadays, Wendy does what she loves, and also pays her way cooking.
He joined a charity club to offer medical services in the Third World. In Asia, he doctored a beautiful woman and they quickly fell in love. When Matt returned home, he brought her with him- as his wife!
Suddenly, his brother died. Charles felt grief like never before. He had to let go or he would never get over it.
A scary man jumped out and scared us. We ended up lost in the maize for two hours. We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together.
He refreshed his email over and over. He kept looking at his inbox hoping the email would appear. He finally heard back and he didn't get the job.
Without thinking Dan threw a book at the boy. The book hit the boy on the nose which began to bleed. Dan knew he would be in big trouble for throwing a book.
The firefighters ran to the fire trucks. The big doors of the firehouse swung open. The fire trucks raced towards the fire.
I went to make my bed. However, there was an alligator in my bed. I fell asleep next to it.
Ike walked over and asked if he could join them. They shrugged and acquiesced. Ike had a great time playing basketball with them!
After a while, he caught on and cut straight lines. Gwen felt proud of herself for teaching something valuable. The next day, Gwen found straight lines cut in her drapes.
His boss wants Joe to write Requests for Proposals. As Joe had never done this, I bought him a book on RFPs. Joe got the book and is reading it.
I had her toy doll in my room. She was my favorite toy girl. I wish I could still collect her memorabilia!
In order to pass her class she had to swim to the deep end. So her mom pushed her off the edge of the pool. Dominique swam and never looked back.
The hotel rooms available were either expensive or not clean. So we decided to just forgo sleep and just drive home. We talked and laughed the entire drive and had a great time.
Her friend recommended a dating site designed for people over forty. Lisa signed up and after one week she was impressed. She met a man who was a professional photographer.
He barely made it on time for first period. When he got home that night, he realized he had forgotten his key. Kyle swore he would never wake up late again.
One day she heard that there would be a big scoop down the street. She rushed over only to find an ice cream shop. Her crew found out it was her birthday and offered her a big scoop.
He started cutting the heavy duty foil he just purchased from online. He cut the foil into pre-cut shapes and started to bend them. He ended up with an enhanced hat, which he tried on for size.
Rob played the game for an hour before getting bored. He sold the game to his friend Alex. His father found out and grounded him for a week.
The radio announced a prize for the 10th caller. Tom called repeatedly and finally got through. Tom was pleasantly surprised to learn he won the prize.
While waiting, Trevor felt a strong tug. He tried to fight back, but the pole was yanked into the water. Trevor was forced to go home after he lost his fishing pole.
He walked down his driveway and put his bags into the trash can. When he put the last bag in the can, the whole thing fell over. After the trash spilled everywhere, Harrison had to clean it up.
The taste was bitter, but she liked it. Maddy ordered her own coffee. Now, Maddy drinks a coffee everyday.
I didn't realize it was school vacation week. Children were constantly getting in my way. Next time, I will avoid skiing during vacation week.
Tom denied the allegations. The girl from Miami confronted Tom at his job. Tom got caught in his lie.
She tried to eat them slowly, but they were so tasty she ate them all. The next day, she had a bad stomachache. Anna wished she hadn't eaten all those chocolates!
The doctor had them both perform a number of exams. The doctor then asked Jane's husband to stop wearing tight trousers. Jane looked relieved while her husband looked sheepish.
After searching his entire house he still can't find it. He calls the police to see if anybody has turned it in. Bob is relieved when the officer tells him his wallet had been found.
There was poop and holes all over. He hired a yard service. Before long his yard looked great.
His coworkers and girlfriend tell him that it looks awful. However, Jason is very pleased with his new look. He only wishes that he had grown a mustache earlier.
Ziggy's owner gets tired of catering to him. One day, she serves him his dog food plain. Ziggy refuses to eat it.
His mom found out and grounded him and scolded him. When his friends found out, they stopped hanging out with him. Jared realized he was much better off without them.
Her contacts were no longer fitting her eyes! Her optometrist said pregnancy had steepened her corneal curve. Ivy had to order new contact lenses!
The snake was menacing, and tried to attack Peter. Peter was able to manage not getting bitten by the snake. Nowadays, Peter does not fish as much by the lake.
I've been running lately but only about 2 miles. Today, even though I knew it would be hard, I ran 5 miles. When I finished, I was exhausted but I felt wonderful.
He went and knocked on the lady's door. He entered to find a birthday banner stretched across the room. That was when he learned his neighbor was turning 100 years old!
Edit just stood back and waited for inspiration. Outside, the sun was setting and the light shone through the window. The sunlight fell upon the mayo and Eddie found his inspiration.
A woman saw how tired he was and stood up. The tired man had too much pride to take the seat. As a result, no one sat in the open seat.
But his motor would not start! Brad was stranded on his boat in the middle of the lake. He had to wait hours until a passing boater saw his distress.
He breathed deeply and tried to relax. When the plane took off, he realized something surprising. He found flight fun and exhilarating!
His mother accused him of selling drugs and wanted him out her house. She threatened to send him to live with his father. Charles didn't know his father, so Charles ran away from home.
He felt his job was in the painting and not the spelling. The first guest that walked by it noticed the error. The guest just assumed that it was a French spelling and kept walking.
So, I covered a ball in peanut butter. Now, my dog was obsessed with the ball. Alas, he became sick from eating all of the peanut butter on the ball.
Alicia was impressed by his work and she was attracted to him as well. The two began dating and soon after Alicia became pregnant. Before giving birth, the two were married and are very much in love.
After an hour of searching, Leila found an elephant. Leila hugged the elephant. Leila would remember the safari for many years to come.
Finally, the mailman came one day with the package. Tyler took it inside excitedly and opened it. He was pleased to receive the item he had ordered.
The doctor asked her how much water she drinks which is about a glass. The doctor told her she needs to be drinking eight glasses per day. She has done that for a week now and feels better.
But at long last, her birthday arrived. Bella had a huge party with all of her friends. Her sixteenth birthday was fantastic!
The only problem was the long flight. The girls were on the plane for fifteen hours. They couldn't wait to land.
He got a big net and tried to do it himself. He caught a few and had fun. He just let them go right after and kept the memories only.
Then she talked it over with an adoption agency. They matched her with a couple who were happy to help her be a mom. And right months later, Shy was holding her new baby girl in her arms!
She went to the store to buy all of the ingredients for the dishes. She began cooking the Turkey the night before Thanksgiving. She cooked the remaining dishes on Thursday, and everything was great!
I drove into town just to dump it. When I got home it was dark but there was a full moon. I went for my daily walk with nothing but moonlight to guide me.
While enjoying the luncheon, a man came in with a gun. He started shooting at everyone in the room. My friend was shot and is in the hospital with a hopeful prognosis.
Ryan placed his new game in his system. He fired up his machine as he was shaking with excitement. Ryan spent the next 6 hours playing his new game.
Tim played music over his huge surround sound system. Soon after, he received a knock on the door. The police told Tim to keep the music down.
He sat down in front of the TV with a snack and a drink. Just then the power went out. Henry didn't get to watch the show after all.
I ended up staying with a person I didn't even know. The police found me and arrested me at a gas station. I ended up going home and finishing school.
She has one child. The father of the child is fighting for custody. Tim is paying Tina's lawyer to help her retain custody.
She found a car she liked. She negotiated with the salesman for a lower price. She bought a new car and felt great about her choice.
When she got them home, she decided to put them on. She slid her foot in and felt something strange. She found a baby snake inside the boot.
And the one in front of that one moved to do so as well. Jack honked his horn angrily, but it was no use. He learned an important lesson in patience and courtesy.
The girls bonded over things they both liked. Amy and Jane eventually talked about a cousin named John. They realized they were sisters!
It brought it back to her. She threw it again. This time the dog missed.
At the interview, the employer told her he couldn't hire her. Jenna found out it was because of her blue hair. She instantly regretting dying her hair such a strange color.
He stood up from his desk to get a break from his work. He walked to the window and watched people come into his bank. When he got enough entertainment he went back to his desk.
I had difficulty taking out the bread since it was stuck. When I took one loaf out, part of it was left in the toaster. However, I ate the part that I took out.
He got out and waved over his neighbor Ted. Ted had jumper cables in his car. With Ted's help, Bill was able to get his car started.
Then one day she snagged the arm on a nail. The sweater ripped! Luckily, Ro's mom was able to fix it.
I practiced acting all the time. I was great on stage. But I never won any awards and gave up my dreams.
He bought a ring a set up a beautiful date! Sadly, while riding to the restaurant it decided to rain. Daniel decided to just propose in the car and Delilah said yes!
It was time for him to have morning coffee too. It must be delicious since his dad enjoyed it. After he tried some he couldn't understand how his dad could drink it.
There was nothing good on the television. Erica shut off the television. The rest of the day was filled with boredom for Erica.
His dad feared Mike wasn't being realistic. But then after high school, Mike went into pilot training. He proved his dad wrong, and made his whole family proud!
She put the money in a savings account and never touched it. After one year, she had earned enough to buy the car she wanted. Anna was so proud of herself and her saving ability!
He ran out of the groceries his mother had stocked up for him. At the store he put what he needed in the cart. He could not believe that it cost over $100!
The Muslim man told him to hand copy out the entire dictionary twice. The young man did this. The young felt this helped to contribute to improving his life.
She played in the snow and built a snowman. She placed a carrot for his nose and put a scarf on his neck. Leslie had a great time building her snowman.
He studied all sorts of religions at various temples. John decided he liked Christianity the best. John converted and now his life had meaning.
He fixed up the place real nice all by himself for very cheap. Within a year Tom put the house on the market. He sold the house for over twice what he paid for it!
As they had every time before, the cupcakes came out disgusting. As a result, she gave up on making cupcakes. Now she buys her cupcakes every time.
An old man answered the door and greeted Ray. Ray told him that a storm was coming and he needed to evacuate. The old man looked at the sky, then Ray, then slammed the door.
A church across the street was being demolished. Gina and her family gathered in the front yard. They watched as a wrecking ball slammed into the church.
Alex became angry and scolded Cole. Alex called his wife to pick up Cole, who now had soiled shoes. After Cole was picked up, Alex decided to watch a movie by himself.
We saw the Liberty Bell. We took selfies with the Rocky statue. We had scrapple and took the train home.
Will Smith walked into Guitar Center where I was working. Excited, I walked up to him and said, I'm so glad to meet you! He brightly smiled and said, I'm not Will Smith.
He was followed by woman came in with a severed toe. Finally, the nurse's ex-boyfriend came in. The nurse threw up her hands in disgust.
Months later he started to work on the project when he had money again. Bob went to the hardware store for more tile but they had none. Bob bought different tiles and hoped that no one would notice.
Will challenged him to a final game. Will practiced for days. He lost 45 to nothing.
They brought her spaghetti with meatballs. It smelled delicious! Nina really enjoyed her delicious dinner.
He tried to open the door of his car to start it. It was frozen shut. Jim had to use a hairdryer to unfreeze his door handle.
As the game started, it was great that the Red Sox were winning. Jason and his friends cheered. When the Sox won at the end, Jason was elated.
They wrote it on a cake. Then, they invited their friends over. When their friends saw the cake, they were excited.
Nobody had seen Rufus anywhere, so Pedro put up signs looking for him. As he was taping a sign to a telephone pole, he heard a bark. The barking got closer and closer until Pedro saw Rufus!
he spent a lot of time perfecting it. Halloween night he wore it proudly. Everyone loved it and gave him compliments.
But her mom asked her what her favorite gift was. She thought about it for a moment. Then she decided that it was the new dollhouse.
Rob thought the game was going to be boring. To his delight the game was incredibly entertaining. He had a great time playing the game all weekend.
When he showed up, there were policemen and ambulances everywhere. It turned out the head chef had a heart attack and Harry had to leave. Harry decided to go to another local restaurant instead.
She decided to try something new instead. To her dismay new flavor clashed with her toppings. Amy ended up throwing most of the yogurt in the trash.
They carried some clarinets in stock. Laura reluctantly tried one. She found it very enjoyable to her unexpected delight.
The coach had them practicing twice a day to prepare. The boys were all exhausted but motivated. The hard work paid off in the end, and they defeated the rival team.
Then her sister helped her think of a great gift idea. Together they baked up dozens of tasty cookies. Li gifted each relative a yummy tray of treats!
George noticed less and less people buying bananas from him. He had a great idea of covering his bananas in chocolate. Now his business is better than ever.
Most of them wrote back politely turning him down. But then one magazine gave him great news. They were going to pay him to publish his story!
He decided he would sneak and play Nintendo. He didn't hear his mother come in the back door. His mother was so furious she locked the Nintendo in her car trunk.
Richard puts up a good fight. Roxy utilizes her skills to her full potential. Richard ends up winning 10-9.
His wife changed the channel during the fourth quarter of the game. Tim looked at his wife is disbelief. They both started laughing at how silly his reaction was.
He was angry because the meter only expired by a few minutes. Steve thought it was unfair and went to court. The judge ruled that the ticket was unfair and he did not have to pay.
The contractor decided to get revenge. He poured a big load of cement onto the man's front door. The man was now trapped in his own house.
The dog's owner yelled for it to stop but it ran faster. Robin wasn't sure what to do so she just braced herself. The dog jumped on her until it's owner retrieved it.
While swimming out in the pond, Henry felt a tug on his leg. He looked down and saw that his leg was caught on a plant. He struggled for a long time, but finally got free and swam away.
I took zinc supplements for three months but they had no effect. It turns out that I was taking zinc oxide which is not absorbed well. I switched to zinc citrate which increased my zinc levels quite a bit!
The adults chuckled and offered the children a few bottles. The children sipped their champagne happily, feeling mature. They didn't know they were really drinking sparkling apple juice!
She knows I am so distracted! Once she ate play-doh like it was a candy bar. Now I wait for her nap-time to talk on the phone.
Our neighbors were vegetarian - except for the husband. One day I gave a burger to the kids and told them to give it to the hu He was very appreciative.
We added water and started digging in. We found a lot of crystals. We brought them back and shared with our families.
He threw all his ingredients into the pot. The wind began to blow. Bill's pot was blown right off his burner.
Mimi was in such a hurry, she forgot to put on her knee pads. While skateboarding, Mimi fell and scraped her knees! Mimi vowed to wear knee pads while skateboarding from then on.
He made a small error. It cost us $50 less in refunds. We joked about it.
This made Tony very happy. One day Tony was not looking when he got off the bus. As a car passed the bus the faithful dog pulled Tony to safety.
He screamed at his boss for no apparent reason. Richie felt terrible after he had his coffee. He went to apologize to his boss.
During a heated game, she was felt like she had good cards. She anxiously awaited to see if the other players were still in. Karen screamed when the players retired and she won the jackpot.
It was supposed to arrive in a few days. Unfortunately Katy already dropped her phone. The screen cracked and it won't work right anymore.
He would recreate the test environment as best he could. He would practice in that environment. He noticed he performed better on tests due to this.
When he finished it, he dropped the can. Then, a park guard yelled at him. He got a warning for littering in the park.
Diane went up on stage and began to sing. She sang the most beautiful song she had ever sung. Diane won first place in the contest.
She succeeds in school and gets a great position. She quickly works up the ranks. She now owns her own branch.
The articles were interesting, but made me sleepy. I started to fall asleep in my chair. I woke up and went to my bed.
One day, he got an exercise ball. He started running more than he ever had before. Now he's fit and muscular!
One day the cat was running too fast. The cat knocked a glass vase off the table. Bernadette was very sad the cat broke her grandmother's vase.
All of a sudden, the rapids became extreme and they were dragged away. They were pulled towards a large waterfall, so they had to bail. They luckily swam to shore, but their kayaks were wrecked.
I bought one finally on the Internet and it fit perfectly. I tested it out by dropping it and it didn't have a stretch. I was thrilled.
I found an old frozen steak in the fridge. I threw the steak over the fence to the dog. He ate it very slowly and it was finally quiet.
The scent was salted caramel. We did not like the scent. We sold the candle on amazon.
She takes two more steps forward, into her mother's arms. Mama cheers for Lana's victory! Now Lana walks everywhere.
And it damaged her coffee table. But Cindy realized it was her fault. She didn't train it properly.
So they had a nice picnic on the sand, followed by suntanning. When they were as warm as they could stand, they jumped in the water. They swam for hours and then drove home tired and happy!
He fell to the floor and started doing push-ups. He did one hundred and one of them. Troy paid up and stopped making bets with Willie.
As she jogged, she saw a skinny kitten laying in the grass. She scooped the kitten up and took her home with her. Susan kept the kitten and enjoyed her new pet for many Year's.
Luke rode his bike to the barbershop. He got his haircut very close and short. Luke looks like a new person!
We played extremely hard. It came down to overtime. We ended up winning it 3 to 2.
The essays were to be no more than five pages long. Max turned in a paper having written on it only the word this. Max got an A for having the best description of courage in the class.
Felix ran to a nearby teacher and asked for help because of the pain. His face began to swell up and the school nurse treated him. After a few hours, Felix began to feel a little better.
Dan looked at the time and saw how late it was. Instead of starting a fire he put on more layers of clothes. Dan was warm enough to last until bed time.
She called the fire department. The fire department was able to get the cat down. The cat's owners were very thankful the cat was rescued.
When his son turned one, his son started having bad nightmares. Bill's wife begged him to stop playing the video games. Bill reluctantly stopped playing the games.
I started out by turking 10 days in a row and making about 30 cents. I kept at it doing a little every day and things began to add up. Now I turk almost every day and am making a lot of extra money.
At her local store there were no Kaboom on the shelf. She inquired with the manager when the would be back. She was sad to find out they had been discontinued.
Last December, it was so cold, he finally had to wear jeans. But as soon as it was no longer sub-zero, he wore shorts again. Nobody is sure how he does it.
He invited them both to his baseball game. He saw that they met each other and began talking. It looked good and he was thankful that they had begun talking again.
Her car wouldn't start. Sarah called her friend Joe for a ride. Joe came 5 minutes later and was able to give Sarah a ride to work.
In the middle he lost interest. After a while he gave up trying to finish. He apologized to his sister.
I was sad for a long time. Then I realized I needed to be strong for her. I started making her laugh again and she became happy!
John's friends ate popcorn and drank soda. One of the baseball players hit the ball straight at them. John caught the ball!
It was a great price at $150 for a table and 6 chairs. When the delivery man came to the door he was carrying a small box. Joe had ordered doll furniture by mistake!
The pass was received and Nate focused in on the shot. He flicked his wrist and the ball went in! Nate won the game for his team and celebrated with beer.
I ran into a can of ravioli. I heated the ravioli for 2-3 minutes before eating it. Afterwards, I decided to go to bed.
Everyone went home. Tom stayed to play kickball by himself. Tom ended up having more fun playing alone.
They had lots of dirty dishes in the sink. When it was time for dinner there were no dishes! They finally had to wash them.
In the afternoon, everyone went skeet shooting in the woods. After they ran out of targets, they went back to their camp for lunch. They remained there for the rest of the day and told stories at night.
She decided today that she needed to organize things. She grouped together all of the series and books from the same author. When it was all done, she felt so much less stressed.
Ally felt a little uneasy going to the dance in a homemade dress. A number of the girls at the dance commented how pretty it was. They all thought it was and expensive store bought dress.
Very carefully he changed the numbers on the signs. In the morning people believe the doctored signage. The teen laughed at the many car accidents that day.
She didn't want it to go to waste, so she tried to fix it. Using glue, she put it back together. She hung it on the tree and his the cracked part.
I wrote from the time I woke up till the time I went to sleep. All the effort paid off. I was very happy with my finished book.
I jumped out of bed and ran to the kitchen. I flung the door open to let them out. They almost knocked me over on the way out, just to chase a cat!
She studied hard but wasn't sure it would be enough. Thankfully however when she took them she did well. She was thankful she knew it.
But she was so tired, she did not hear the alarm. Eva slept right through Mass. In the morning, she was sad that she had missed it.
He would always do it for them He would stay after parties collecting cans. The money he got paid for the effort.
He didn't care about the speed limits. A police officer saw him speeding by. Trevor got a very pricey ticket he had to pay.
I opened my fridge, and noticed there was no room for my groceries. I began to clean out my fridge and put away my new items. After cleaning out the fridge, I had to take my trash out to the can.
He asked his family about the person who made it. His mom said that Jeff made it. He immediately spit the water out.
The piano tuner told me the piano was ruined and could not be repaired He tried to sell me a new one for a lot of money. I ended up buying one and throwing the old one away.
While standing in a long line we played Heads Up to pass the time. My Dad almost fell over backwards when the stone dragon breathed fire. This lead to a discussion about new Heads Up categories.
She immediately hit a side path. She pedaled as fast as she could out of the state park. Rita will now only go on the trails when she is with friends.
Joe put the towel on the sand and sunned himself all day. Joe's back was solid red, because he forgot the sunscreen. Joe had to sleep on his chest for a month.
Javi decided to buy an old car and fix it up. When he finished he entered his first car show. Javi won first place and was super proud of his car.
My teacher was very skilled and very nice. Alas, he was not a good teacher. I fired him and hired a better teacher.
When he arrived at soccer practice, it was over 100 degrees. The coach heard there was a heat warning. So soccer practice was only half as long.
Their mom is really upset with all the fighting. She took away all their video games. They stopped fighting to get them back!
When Jill gets a lawyer they start to listen. She gets a settlement of fifteen thousand dollars. But all she wanted was an apology.
He tried to hire a boat. But, it was too expensive. Bob decided to go by plane and he actually enjoyed it!
Jenna was concerned to see melted cheese all over the main dish. She didn't want to hurt her friend's feelings so ate dinner anyway. She got a painful migraine and decided to be more honest next time.
At first she finds the habit tedious. But eventually she enjoys having more water. Liz is happy that she has changed her habits.
When the day came, she rushed out to buy it. By the time she got there, there were no more cds. They sold out in an hour.
Sue was panicky and scared and Jane had a hard time calming her. The child kept pushing the tissue away and crying. 20 minutes later the nosebleed stopped and Jane had a mess to clean.
He kept asking what these black things were all over her. She had fleas, how could he not know what fleas were? He is from Vegas, he said there are no fleas there, how crazy!
First we must measure the ingredients very carefully. Then we put it all in the big glass mixing bowl and stir it up. Mixing pancakes is hard work but Grandma makes it fun.
Dylan found the perfect place! He spent the next few days booking his hotel and flight. Dylan left for vacation the next day.
She remembered she had just gotten a big bonus at work. She decided to splurge on a big order of delivery Chinese food. She ate and enjoyed her chicken with broccoli and fried rice.
One night, Harry suddenly feared the space under his bed. Harry got up, turned on all the lights, and slept with them on. The next morning, Harry asked his parents for a second night light.
The guitar tech came out to do a sound check. He played a chord and it blasted out of the speakers in front of us. My sons decided they would rather go out and sit on the lawn.
Nick was afraid he would have to spend his life bed ridden. After a few hard months, Nick's health started to improve. Nick was so happy to be healthy, he started running every day.
He then mingled with the shoppers, confident in his deception. When the thief put down his bag, a helpful stock boy picked it up. The bag the stock boy left contained only peanut butter.
His grandmother then offered a family ring with a lovely ruby. Doug accepted but was nervous because it wasn't a diamond. When Jan saw the ring, she was thrilled as ruby was her birthstone!
Lacy had a huge garage sale and sold tons of stuff. She used the money to organize the remainder of items in the garage. She was delighted when her car fit into the garage with room to spare.
Eli sat there with his mouth open, stunned. The term meant something very, very inappropriate. Eli blushed and quickly closed that browser tab!
After a nice dinner, he handed her her gift. She unwrapped her new sweater and squealed with delight. It was a fuzzy new sweater, and she loved it!
Estelle is a 40 year old black woman and Steve is white. Rita told us she would not date interracially because of her father. Everyone said Rita was foolish.
Her family arrived and couldn't believe how messy she let it get. They spent all weekend throwing most of her item away. When they were done, Betsy was shocked to see her house so clean.
Paco then took lessons on how to ride the horse. He got really good at it and started bragging to his friends. Now everyone knows his ambitions as a rider came to fruition.
So they did rock paper scissors to see who picks. The youngest won, and picked his favorite movie. The oldest child wouldn't watch it and was very mad.
One day her phone fell from her pocket to the floor. Amy attempted to turn the phone on, but the screen stayed black. Amy's phone was broken and needed to be replaced.
For the first few minutes ray was nowhere to be seen. Finally Amy spotted him holding hands with another girl. Amy sat through the whole movie in a stunned silence.
One day he got into a fight at a bar. The other guy stomped and broke his hands. It ruined his career.
However on the trip there was tension. Kourtney wasn't up for anything strenuous. Her sisters then got upset because they were bored.
Susan decided to sell her house. She moved to Florida to retire in a house by the beach. Susan enjoyed her retirement by reading books.
He quickly diagnosed the problem: she had a virus! He helped her get rid of the virus. Soon the computer was running as smoothly as ever!
His brother had never played before either. They played four games, and Max lost all four of them. Max decided he didn't like playing ping pong.
She decided she would call her friend Kim. Just then she saw Kim walking up the block. Kim was shocked to see Amy run to greet her smiling.
She kept getting more brown. Eventually her doctor noticed an abnormality. She had gotten the first stages of skin cancer.
And as she approached the on-ramp signal stood red. Gina sat at the red light for 2 minutes before getting a green one. Finally she was able to get on the highway to drive home.
When they were in a room alone though they all beat Cal very badly. Sobbing, Cal asked them why. The boys told him it was their way of welcoming kids to the school.
She told him he was going to be a father! Jon wept openly, swearing to never commit a crime again. When released, he remained completely true to his word.
He spit out the food in the mouth. Jamie was immediately shocked. The chef criticized her food.
He caused a lot of problems. They all wished they had not gotten him. They gave him to the pound.
Matt went to his local government assistance office. He applied for food stamps. Matt was able to afford to pay his rent with governmental assistance.
Instead of trying to steal the ball, the opponent smacked Chad. The official called a flagrant foul on the person. He ended up getting ejected from the game.
He began learning how smart people think and act. He did his best to exercise his mind. He eventually felt mentally quicker and smarter.
In the mailbox there is mostly junk mail. She decides to throw it all away. Lucretia is happy that she checked the mail today.
The doctor said everything is fine with her. The doctor gave her a lollipop and hand sanitizer. She was happy about the outcome.
When they sat on the bench he took her face. He kissed her. The two felt sparks.
Carla walked into the doctor's office. To her surprise Dr Pratt was very gracious. She liked her a lot.
Lucy waved goodbye as the car drove off. She turned and realized it was just her and her grandparents now. She instantly felt bored again.
John started cramming for the exam. He studied for hours into the night. John barely passed his midterm that morning.
Since two guards were running toward me, I threw the ball. My teammate, who was open, caught the ball and ran. He scored a touchdown.
They looked all over the house, but could not find the piece. Then, they saw a tail sticking out from under the couch. The cat had taken the piece!
One day, a plague came to egypt and many suffered. The queen called her advisors together and they made a plan. The queen saved her kingdom.
When she was seen by the doctor, her blood pressure was taken. Her blood pressure was markedly higher than on previous visits. She tried to explain the reason, but labor was induced anyway.
Chocolate was his favorite so he ate all that he made. Skip started feeling sick later that day. He didn't eat candy for a week.
We mostly played basketball together. Eventually, it started to rain outside. As a result, we went home early.
I packed all of my things. I said goodbye to my girlfriend. I started to drive to Eau Claire Wisconsin.
They decided to arm wrestle. The match lasted five minutes. They both quit and decided it didn't matter who was stronger.
Ike, resolute, went to the school with his head held high. And there, he saw that the other boys had long shaggy hair, too. Ike's hair wasn't ugly after all - it was very stylish!
He started to watch the television. The dog show came on the television. My dog started barking at the dogs on television.
She attended. She realized that she loved celebrating Christmas. Rachel converted to Christianity.
Her dad sat in the kitchen eating a sandwich, none the wiser. Lynn had never done anything so daring. She decided she would do it again tomorrow.
Finally he earned enough money. He went to the store to get his bike. Now all of his friends are jealous of his new bike.
He stayed up late reading books under the cover. He eventually went to sleep. He was very tired at school the next day.
It began to walk towards me. I took off my jacket and started yelling. The bear turned around and ran away.
I brought them home and got a recipe. I cooked the ingredients to the recipe. I enjoyed my meal of chicken curry.
One day, Loki lost his favorite Teddy bear. Antonela found Loki's Teddy bear and gave it back to him. Now Loki loves Antonela as much as Antonela loves Loki.
She really wanted to make a good impression. It was going well until she tripped, spilling red wine everywhere. Fortunately it was on a tile floor so there was no permanent damage.
Her husband brought the car around and helped her load things up. They put the baby in a car seat and strapped him in the car. Then, the family drove home.
Ray turned around and headed home. But still, he was soaking wet by the time he got there. Ray wished he had checked the weather forecast before walking.
I smiled at him and continued walking. The following day, I was walking down the same street. The same stray dog was dead in the middle of the street.
She realized how much of a metaphor they were for her life. Her poems were circulated all throughout her cell block. She was known all over jail.
The cup was full of old moldy milk. He figured that the cup was probably really gross at this point. So, he decided to just throw the cup out.
After the game, Jim couldn't find his phone. Jim was very sad and continued to search for the phone all night. He was happy to find out somebody had turned his phone in.
She went to the doctor and got a pair of contacts. She now can see better. Grace also has better grades in school.
After getting off of work, he decided to go to the Jewelry store. He ended up purchasing a diamond necklace. His wife was amazed when she saw it.
She looked forward to the day she would get to yell bingo. She had all the numbers on her card. She yelled bingo at the top of her lungs.
Jill really wanted to ride it. Her mother gave her a dollar so she could get on it. She picked a pink horse to ride.
Next I arranged the wood and kindling in the fire pit. I then lit the fire. Then we had an amazing campfire!
As Joe was putting a quarter into a machine he looked up. Al's mother was walking towards them. She had seen them through the window as she was passing by.
She was a scaredy-cat. She held her friend's hand through the whole house. At the end, she had had a scary, fun time!
But it squirmed away and went on the gravel. She slithered back out of the fish tank. Grabbed the sucker and devoured him.
Katniss was mad, and wasn't paying attention to the oven. The oven overheated and lit the oven mitts on fire! Katniss ran to the kitchen and extinguished the fire.
She took the tests and was so nervous waiting for her grades. Her worry was for nothing, though, because she made all A's! Taylor went home for the holidays happy and relieved.
His friend accepted the challenge and ended up winning Andy was very disappointed because usually he wins After a week of training Andy won against his friend
However, she managed to fix herself and go to her job interview. It was hard for her to present herself since she was dizzy. The boss thought of her as unreliable and didn't hire her.
People judge and ridicule Angela. She gets depressed and sad. Now Angela works as an accountant.
It always had its blinds down. A very large woman came to the door. Patty was sad to learn she had already purchased one hundred boxes!
The dollar store was having a mega sale! He filled his cart up, checked out, and went home. When he got home he got mad, he had forgot the paper towels.
He put it on the shelf anyway. The next customer in the store grabbed that coke for his meal. He opened it and Coke went everywhere and he was mad.
I had a really hard time deciding until I saw Cinnamon. She was standing up and seemed happy unlike the rest. I chose to bring Cinnamon home with me that day.
So he had 3 double cheeseburgers, large fries, and drinks. After eating, he made his way to the stadium. He found his seat and grew excited, anticipating the opening kick off.
He was so excited that he immediately took it out of the package. Ronald ran back home but ended up tripping and breaking it. Ronald was angry with himself and had to walk back to the store.
His family returns from the rec center to find his great meal cooked. They celebrate the evening as a family. Julio is very happy his family is around.
Nancy was faithful at caring for her garden. Before she knew it she had a variety of fresh produce. Nancy loved cooking with the results of her hard work.
My wife bought a lot of raffle tickets, plus a wreath. When she got home, she put the wreath up on our door. I hope we win some raffles.
Amy hadn't realized she had fallen asleep. She was upset her mother hadn't woken her up sooner. She snatched the phone from her and slammed the door.
Tom wanted to rent a jet ski. Tom rented a jet ski. Tom had a lot of fun on the jet ski.
He asked his parents if he could get a baby brother one day. One day Charlie's parents told him that they had very exciting news. Charlie will be getting a new brother in a few months!
We watched football for hours and had a great time. My girlfriend was at work and liked coming home to beer. Overall everyone enjoyed the day.
Last time I had to fly I decided to take medication first. It was supposed to calm my nerves. It calmed me too much and I slept through my alarm.
I searched high and low, all over the mall. Finally, I found a stuffed animal that looked just like her dog. I had found the perfect Christmas gift.
Felicity really liked him, but he didn't want to date her. Finally she started dating, and he was jealous. They finally got together and got married!
Her first batch had just finished and was cooling on the rack. She heard the door open and footsteps running to the kitchen. The grandchildren were just in time for her labor of love.
The rainy had been coming down for three straight days. Vickie decided to move the entire family to higher ground. She was at ease since moving to the hills.
Every time, his work was rejected. He decided to try one last time to get published. On his last try, the publisher finally accepted his work!
At the end of his first 90 hour work week he felt tired. He slept so long on Sunday night that he slept through his monday job. While he slept, he dreamed about being rich.
The mechanic looked at his car. Then, he told Tom how much it would cost him to get it fixed. Tom was very surprised at how much money it would cost.
He went to watch television but realized he was hungry. He grabbed bread and walked towards the toaster. But he realized there was already toasted bread ready.
Steve was nervous at first, but soon became more confident. He passed his driver's test with no problems at all. Before long, he was happy solo driver.
There was always plenty of sand but no water. After graduating High School he applied for, & received, a job in L A. Today Paul goes to the beach daily.
His life at home was too hectic. He decided to stay at the library. He was able to study and did well on the test.
Then one night a popup arrived and notified him of a virus. Jimmy tried to remove the virus but it destroyed his computer. Now Jimmy has to share a computer with his sister.
Sarah decided to go to the flower shop and buy a plant for it. She bought a rose bush and planted it in the pot. Two weeks later it had little pink roses blooming on it.
She landed on her knee which immediately started bleeding. She then began to cry upon seeing the blood. Ronald made her laugh by telling her she had just fallen on ketchup.
Ted panicked and ran to his apartment to hide. As he hid, the streets filled up with violent protests. Ted ran the the embassy and then was flown out of the country.
I'm not a fan but still predict who's going to win. So far I've been really accurate. I've been right more often than anybody else I know.
She asked for salt, but all they had were salted peanuts. She ate them, and got sicker. Kim ended up needing to use the sick bag on this flight.
Her brother was worried for her and took her to a psychologist. The psychologist diagnosed her with depression and got her help. Now she is back to feeling joy and fulfillment in her daily life.
There, he saw gorgeous mountain vistas. A guide even offered to take him up to Everest. Neil loved being so close to the mountains in Nepal!
She decided to purchase the iPad mini. After deliberating for a while she went with the silver model. In the end it was a great choice and she was happy.
Unfortunately, Ella can't catch the ball though. Her mommy practiced catching the ball with her every day for a month. At the end of the month, Ella could kick, throw, AND catch the ball.
His parents said he could sleep with them. Bobby crawled into bed between his mom and his dad. He slept soundly the rest of the night, safe with his parents.
He once went to a nice Italian restaurant with his family. He decided he would order a pasta with a nice bolognese sauce. He was surprised that bolognese was not a fancy way to say bologna.
Larry drinks a pot of herbal tea. Soon after drinking the tea, his sore throat subsides. Larry is happy he has done something about his sore throat.
When he came home, his shoes were covered in mud. He left them out on the front step and let them dry. Carter's mom decided to throw the shoes away rather than clean them.
She felt so bored and alone that day. Suddenly, she noticed a commercial for a local soup kitchen. She decided to go out and volunteer at a kitchen.
One of the children mentioned a tomato. She told him that was a great example. The teacher gave the student a gold star.
His shooting skills were terrific too! Brian took second place at the competition. Brian decided to practice more so he could take first place next year.
My boss only likes to take certain people out to dinner. He has a group that he considers his inner circle. But since I'm in the slug club I get to enjoy great meals.
Chelsea looked for the pandas all around the zoo. A zoo keeper told her that they did not have any pandas. Chelsea was in tears for the rest of the day.
The first dress the girls saw was absolutely beautiful. When Rene tried it on it was love at first sight. She decided to take it and was very thrilled with her purchase.
He spent hours in there. Ed ended up walking out with over twenty different records. He won't say what they cost him, though.
As I watched the game it was actually quite boring. I had nothing to do. Finally I got to leave early.
She tumbled all the boxes down the stairs to save time. The boxes were a bit crumpled but still in good shape. Pat collected everything on the ground floor and took it to the truck.
She thought it would be okay since the weather was still so cold. But the sun was so bright that the inside of the car still got hot! Mary was sad and frustrated to find all the bunnies had melted!
He claimed they could corrupt his children's minds. He has destroyed a few tvs in his lifetime. He has a tv now but uses it only to watch dvds.
I grabbed my tools and worked hard on fixing it. I began to put the desk together and it looked very good. I put the book on my desk and went back to work.
So she was beyond excited. Her mom came home that night with a bag. Kelly's face fell when she was it was actually a piece of fruit.
The girls started finding many objects. After an hour, they were done. When they were done they won a prize.
His aunt heard about his problem and offered to provide both. Bob accepted happily and thanked his aunt. He went to the show and had the time of his life.
He spent half of his trip resting in bed. He was the least resilient of any of his friends. David no longer thought he could eat whatever he wanted.
He thought he put it on the table. He looked back in his truck. The check was laying on the ground.
On the first platform, she was terrified when she looked down. She made sure her harness was double-checked for security. Angela counted to five and soared to the next platform.
So I decided to rest my feet for a few days. I've avoided walking and have been massaging my feet regularly. The pain is still there but I think it is starting to diminish.
Lewis picked the object up. Lewis noticed that it was a shiny silver dollar. Lewis decided to keep the lucky silver dollar.
Steve got encouragement from his friends to ask her to hang out. Steve gathered courage and asked Tina to study together that night. Tina said yes and soon they started dating each other!
He ate five pies in 20 minutes. His friend Tyler ate six pies in 20 minutes. Reece was bummed about not winning.
When the waiter handed the bill, everyone was silent. No one did anything until my aunt took out her checkbook. She felt angry since no person offered to split the bill.
Instead, he went to the walk-in clinic. They made him wait two hours. When he saw the doctor, he got a prescription for medicine.
Wendy didn't pay attention when the coach explained the rules. She surprised herself by hitting the ball when her turn at bat came. Then, Wendy heard laughter as she ran straight to third base.
Suddenly, he dropped it. It crashed to the floor. When Max picked it up, he saw that it was broken.
He did not know if his manners were adequate! His mom convinced him to go on the date despite his fear. Jim had a great dinner and was exceedingly polite!
I bought a dress and high heels. My dress was blue with sparkles. My boyfriend loved my dress.
The plumber found the leaking pipe. The plumber fixed the leak. Bob thanked the plumber for his services.
They could not figure out which attraction they wanted to visit. Finally they all agreed to just spend the day relaxing on the beach. Everybody had a wonderful time relaxing and getting tanned!
I went to the store with my debit card. I walked inside and tried to buy a playstation 4. Unfortunately, my card was declined for fraud alert.
She froze for a brief second. However, she lied to him and said that she has a boyfriend. He immediately walked away.
As he jogs more, he finds himself becoming stronger. Finally Jasper runs in a local marathon. He is happy that he successfully completed it.
Suddenly a rainstorm began obscuring his vision. Ed decided to pull over. He waited until it was safe before he drove again.
He was nervous she would say no. Thankfully she said yes when he asked her. They went to the dance and had a good time.
They filled their bags with the rocks. Their bags were so full that they couldn't make it down the mountain. After emptying their bags almost all the way, they made it home.
Joy got a boy and named him Pippin. Beth got a girl and named her Sweet Pea. They have spent many hours together over the last eleven Year's!
He was determined to bring his grades up. He changed his habits. Cal made all A's on his first 9-weeks report card.
They started unpacking all their things. They relaxed after a long day. The Miller family celebrated with a cookout.
But here he was acting like his usual self. Amy was so charmed she thought for sure she overreacted. She decided he would call her tonight for sure.
Today I decided I was going to use two gift cards. I could not decide what to buy and I did not use either card. I hope I can use all of my gift cards before they expire.
At the theater he found out he didn't have enough money. Someone behind him offered to purchase his ticket. Kendall was so happy that a stranger would be so kind.
Everyone repacked their belongings and left. However, all of us decided to meet up inside my aunts house. They unpacked the food and continued the day.
They were not able to have a vacation. The Roberts decided to still have fun camping in their yard. It was as much fun as any previous vacation.
She did not expect anything from him on Valentine's Day. On Valentine's Day morning, he told her not to cook dinner that night. He took her on a surprise date to dinner and a movie!
They traveled down a complex path. They became tired and turned around. They got lost in the mountain and lost their way.
The test involved drinking an extremely sweet soda. Amanda tried her best, but the taste made her sick. She ended up throwing the whole drink up.
She took pain medicine to make her back feel better. The medicine started working so she felt much less pain. She was able to take a beautiful sunrise picture.
One day the books were gone. The property manager removed them and fined me. I was very angry at the condo association.
Last week, Emily got mad at her brother for barging in. She yelled at him for a whole hour. Emily's brother learned his lesson about knocking before entering.
He learned this was because there was a free health screening. John decided to get his hearing checked. He was happy to learn he had perfect hearing.
She had the same teacher as the last year. She assumed all the same people would be in her class. She was shocked to see half of the class was new students.
I spent the entire off season working on my speed. I would do sprints almost every day. The following year I made the team.
She fed it and it clung to her so she brought it indoors. Unfortunately I told her that we couldn't keep it. She understood but still wanted to help it a bit before letting it out
He argued for a while saying he didn't have to go. His parents didn't want to argue so they started the drive. Before the first stoplight Keith had to pee.
They decide to wait in front of the theater for tickets. When they get there, they see a line of campers. Jasmine and her dad were able to wait and got tickets.
She wanted in really bad. She got very lucky and won! They had a great party with the free inflatable.
It got hit by a car. It was hurt but got better. Sam was more vigilant from there on out.
His latest project asked him to build a box. Bob thought he would make a bad box. Bob ended up making the best box in class!
This friend was suspicious to hear that Shirley was getting replies. She asked to see Shirley's online profile as proof. Shirley deleted the profile instead.
He was stopped by the teller before he left. She tackled him and wrested away his gun. She stood over him with the gun and Bill didn't dare move.
She wanted her family's opinion of him. Ivy invited her boyfriend to Thanksgiving dinner. Her boyfriend was accepted into the family with open arms.
It told drivers to proceed since the exit was closed. She ended up going to the next exit. Overall, she ended up being late to work.
She needed to catch up on her house payment. She started following a financial advisor. She was able to turn her life around.
I put it up for sale on eBay. I made $59. I went back to the carhouse but found nothing else.
She was assigned a task I had in 2008, but the files were archived. She asked if I could recall the project. I had kept my files on my home computer and emailed them to her.
All of the book stores were selling them for over a hundred dollars. Finally yesterday I saw a book on Amazon for four dollars. I immediately scooped it up and was thankful it was cheap.
During the ride, a horse got scared and kicked her. Her leg needed 3 reconstructive surgeries. Susan will not go horseback riding again.
Her mom was reluctant but figured it was just one cat. A week later, the cat gave birth to kittens. Melissa and her mom were then the owners of 8 cats.
Her friends want her to ride a roller coaster. They dare her to ride one. She rides the roller coaster and screams the entire time.
She was a bit thirsty for some water. So she got up and came right back down fast. She fainted and was found by a neighbor.
Bob had to board the plane in a Hazmat suit and examine the passenger. On the plane, Bob fell and his suit ripped. Now Bob is forced to remain in quarantine too.
He went to the pet store and looked at all the animals. Finally, he decided to buy a monkey. He took the monkey home, and they soon became best friends
Suddenly he noticed a weird white sack attached to it. Then, a huge black bug came out of the sack. The bug crawled away and Tom lost his appetite.
She was crying as she explained to an officer. He smiled and offered her something to eat. Lucy hungrily ate the candy bar, and soda the officer gave her.
Him mom was making caramel apples when he had them all open. She dipped the apples into the melted caramel. He got to eat one right away as a reward for his hard work.
She practiced every day outside. She hit her head a few times. Today Sue finally got her cartwheel.
Tim took a huge bowl of it. The taste was so terrible. Tim realized that sometimes free is not a good thing.
She cooked herself spaghetti and meatballs. Angelina at her dinner rapidly. She was pleased with the taste and it satisfied her hunger.
It was a wallet, and she dug through it. She found an ID and figured that she could turn it into the owner. Instead, she decided to keep it for herself.
It was her boyfriend. Kelly then opened the window to sneak out. However her parents found out and grounded her for a month.
Then she remembers she has nail polish. Roxy picks out a color to paint her nails. Now her nails are beautifully painted.
His little brother spilled his soda and the dog ate his jerky. Cole's parents saw what happened and gave him five more dollars. Cole went back to the store for more jerky and a soda.
I cried until my nose bled. My grandparents called to talk to my mom. She moved in with him and I moved in with my grandparents.
He went to Toys R Us and asked the cashier what to get. He bought some lego toys and some video games. He decided if his son doesn't like one, he'll like the other.
While putting his trash away, he noticed his neighbor's trash spilled. Ted walked over and cleaned up the mess. After cleaning the mess, Ted walked back inside feeling good.
Ian went to his kitchen to make sauce. The sauce tasted hotter than in previous years. Ian needed a minute to cool down after tasting it.
However, they say it is too expensive. Jasper ignores their complaints, and uses the air conditioner anyway. Eventually, his roommates ask him to move out.
He was about to watch TV when his boss called him. He had to work overtime tonight. Sam was unable to unwind down from work like he had planned.
Nelle decided not to go and babysit after all. She did not want to get sick herself! Nelle's aunt was unhappy, but she understood Nelle's concern.
Susan went inside to find a lot of her things missing. Upset, she looked down and found the thief's dropped wallet. The police were able to quickly track him down and get her stuff back.
One day the banging stopped. For the first time, Alfred cared about who lived up there. When he went to check he saw the police removing his dead neighbor.
He dug a lot of holes. It looked terrible. Jim got rid of the dog.
She loved it and wore it so confidently. When she got home she saw a magazine article about lipstick. It read, Hot Havana Red the prostitutes signature, Jane felt so sad.
My friend Tina thinks I'm an artist. She's selling my creation online. I think some people fail to see the beauty in my creation.
She picked out a dress. He took her to dinner. It was the perfect first dance.
They had a game called Oregon Trail. Amy was new to computer so she didn't do very well. She played the game exclusively afterwards until she won.
We took our camper and stayed in a campground. The kids had a blast swimming and fishing. We were not ready for the vacation to be over.
While having a trainer is expensive, Julie is happy with the results. She finds herself becoming much stronger than she thought possible. Julie sends her trainer a special thank you note.
At first he thought they were a waste of time. But then they started helping him. In the end, Karl was grateful for the classes.
Luckily, I worked from home. I grabbed my laptop and went outside. I worked in my backyard all day in the great weather!
She bought an at-home glycolic acid skin peel and applied it. After an hour, she rinsed it off and checked her skin in the mirror. To her pleasure, Tora saw that her fine lines had been diminished!
He put the batteries in a toy car. The toy cars raced for a long time. The blue car stopped, which meant the experiment was over!
As soon as he saw this, Jay began to feel ill. He tore the letter in half and threw it on the ground. Jay looked at it and pick it up with great effort.
He was going to make scrambled eggs with toast. In the process, the eggs and the toast were burnt. The breakfast was a total disaster.
He told her not to. He had them for many years. Jane understood that they held sentimental value.
When I finished I bought Madeleines and ate them. I celebrated the first book, which featured Madeline cookies. I was happy to have read such a long work.
They took their time, but Beth still slipped once and scraped her knee After several hours they finally made it to the top. The view was fantastically breath-taking.
She got to experience swimming with dolphins. She said it was amazing. She brought back a photograph of her kissing the dolphin on its nose.
Suddenly, the person he was trailing noticed him. He asked him what he was doing and complained to the client. Trent ended up losing his good reputation in the field.
Josh's teacher helped him very much, and soon his reading improved. Josh felt much better about himself, and his grades got better, too. Josh was very grateful to his teacher for helping him.
At lunch he opened his bag to get his chips. The books had crushed all of Ed's chips. Ed had to eat the destroyed chips for lunch.
The young child asked multiple questions about the gorillas. Brandon and a zoo employee gladly answered each questions. The young child left with a great deal of knowledge about the gorillas.
She wanted to make sure she would get a great grade on it. When she got to the room she took the test. To her surprise it was not that bad.
The company refused to take JD's stories. JD became angry with the company. JD no longer submits his writings to that company.
He had no time to fix it. And he rushed to school. That day, everyone avoided Jim.
Her friend Kim was furious. But Amy didn't care. She decided she would rather lose a friend, than lose bacon.
The rink was very crowded and full of kids. I got on the ice but slipped and fell. Thankfully I got back up and was okay.
One day some dogs got into the back yard with Gretchen. They chased her and bit her until she became very exhausted. Gretchen's family was devastated that the dogs almost killed Gretchen.
Everyone who worked there brought lots of cookies. Eva sold more cookies than anyone else in her troop. Eva earned the nickname, "Cookie."
The husband started to become jealous of the attention she gave it. He finally told her it was him or the cat. Fanny's cat purrs quietly on top of the piano as she plays.
Suddenly, she was shaken awake. She learned she had slept through her bus stop. She had to walk home from a different stop.
Ash attended not knowing they would be horseback riding. Ash was terrified at first. She quickly realized that horses weren't scary animals at all.
Her friend Tami stayed by her side for recess. Gina avoided the cool kids so Tami couldn't talk to them. Gina decided one more day couldn't hurt.
Alas, they tasted terrible. I decided to order some wings for takeout. They were incredibly tasty!
She had found other things to occupy her time. Now she was bored again. She returned to the library to finish reading the book she'd started.
He asked Yan if he looked at his pants. Yan looked down. He immediately realized that his zipper was wide open.
He did and then he bought me a Vodka Redbull. I later realized he was trying to pick me up. Overall I'd say it was worth it.
Inside, there was a cute box with a bow. In the box, there was a ton of cute baby clothes. Maria called the gifter and thanked them.
He waited patiently for a fish to nibble his line. He finally felt a tug and snapped his fishing pole to hook the fish! He was so excited to show his friends his catch!
Unfortunately she left the turkey in the oven too long. It was badly burnt, and the main course ruined. Melissa decided to let someone else host next year.
The day is finally here. They have decided to wear three different outfits. They have a good time with their friends in Salem MA.
It was very exciting and informational. I decided that I would really like to study geology. I am going to enroll in my local college for geology classes.
Steven bent down and was startled by a girl jumping out from under it! It was his other daughter asking him to look for monsters on the bed. Steve told her to stop messing around and go to her own bed.
Students wrote in to ask him things. Then he offered salient, helpful advice. Mac loved writing Ask Mac!
His quarterback threw him the ball. He caught it in the end zone. He won the game.
In chemistry class he fell asleep. While sleeping he moaned, I love chicken bacon ranch so much. His teacher kicked him out of class and he was suspended.
This schedule also just felt better for him. Rob realized that this was hurting his ability to make business calls. Rob had to adjust to a more typical schedule.
He was so excited! He dressed up and waited eagerly for his daddy at the door. When his daddy entered, both males cried with joy!
Ironically however, once the artist starting drawing, it did not hurt. When the artist was done, a pretty flower was on her arm. Julia was thrilled with the result.
After they were finished with their food, the waitress came. She placed the bill on the table. However, the kids ran as soon as the waitress turned her back.
Sam plants the seed in a pot. Sam waters the seedling every day. Sam now has a tomato plant!
I had to slam on my brakes. Coffee went all over my shirt. I had to turn around and change before work.
Jackson was questioned by the host of the party about the wallet. Jackson lied and said he didn't see anyone take it. Jackson now lives with the guilt of being a thief.
On a sunny day, he was hunting and heard something crackling. He realized he was being chased by a bear! He got away, but quit hunting after that incident!
The driver accused Jim of trying to steal the car. He called the cops on him. As a result, he got arrested.
The vet examined the cat and gave it shots. The cat yelped and got back in the carrier. Gale tried to comfort the cat, paid for services, and went home.
She offered to trade her sandwich for Frannie's. Frannie agreed and they swapped. The were both happy with the trade.
He shook his hands and feet. His friend Jay was sad that he didn't know how to do it. Fortunately, Tim was nice enough to show him how.
Jonathan was intimated by his brother throughout the match. Jonathan was able to beat his brother in record time. Jonathan claimed his title as chess master.
The doctor gave him some medicine and sent him home. Jo took his medicine and rested for a few days. Jo woke up a few day later and felt better.
Her pipes froze too. She'll be staying at our house while everything gets fixed. Unfortunately that may take weeks.
Cara asked her husband to go the store instead. Cara's husband bought the wrong thing. Cara decided she'd have to write what she wanted on paper from now on.
My niece is a big fan of Frida Kahlo. I had not heard of her until my niece told me. We intend to go see the painting soon.
But all Beth talked about was him. Beth didn't understand why he hadn't called Amy. Amy simply refused the think about it any longer.
Ben collected his things and left the jail. He looked around outside, shocked by the changes. Freedom was intoxicating but strange after all that time.
My friend let me get in trouble. I didn't talk to her for the rest of the day. We were no longer friends.
Every day, Mike fed the fish. One day Mike came home to find the fish had died. Mike's mom told him that it wasn't his fault.
June's job was to pick out some fun socks. She was running out of time to pick something. Luckily, she found the perfect pairs right in time.
It grew darker outside and harder to see. But then the full moon rose, illuminating the sky. Ken was able to keep reading in the moonlight.
As he accepted his diploma his robe got caught on the podium! Roy turned abruptly to walk off the stage with his robe caught. His robe ripped off in front of the thousands of students.
She pulled over and changed the tire. I need to get new tires she thought. Later that week she bought a set of tires.
Until she once met a man who used her. Mona finally found out one hurtful thing. What was always inside her, was just a savage beast.
She begins by cleaning plates, and then continues by cleaning glasses. Finally she is finished cleaning the dishes. She sleeps soundly after a long but enjoyable day.
He slightly glanced over drew's test paper. The teacher noticed And for that brief moment. He told Dan to bring his test paper to him and he gave him an F.
He assembled it carefully and put it into the oven. But then he forgot about it! By the time he pulled it out, it was hopelessly burned!
He called up his friend for a loan. His friend gave him one. Roger breathed a sigh of relief.
He asked his friend, jordan for help. Jordan gave him some advice. Fred used it and designed the website.
It took me about a year to complete the game, but it was worth it. Having a little world full of nice animals and building a home was fun. I will never forget that game.
When he came home, he had three bags of groceries. Mandy shook her head in disbelief. She made a mental note not to send him to the store anymore.
Boils appeared over their body. Harry's baby sister fell very ill and died. Harry realized the rat brought the plague and flushed it down the loo.
Edward bought the ingredients at the grocery store. At home, Edward followed the recipe to make lasagna. Edward enjoyed the lasagna dinner that he had cooked himself.
She decided that she would cheat. She wasn't caught. She sighed in relief and swore to always study beforehand.
I got my jeep stuck. Luckily my friend was there to pull me out. I decided to never go off-roading without a friend.
She got to go on a field trip with the school. She was happy her friends got to go with her. Marsha learned a lot by going on the field trip.
She had to help them stack the balls one on top of the other. They borrowed a hat from their dad's closet. Jamie gave them a giant carrot for the nose for the finishing touch.
He had to have some construction work done in his loft. He left his Rolex watch on his nightstand. After the construction workers left he noticed his Rolex was missing.
His second stop was to the tax office where he waited half the day. Feeling hungry, he stopped at the patty shop for a patty and juice. Donovan bit into the patty and knew the trip to town was worth it.
He drank the entire cup. Afterwards Timmy started to sweat profusely. He had consumed too much caffeine.
I started going to the prison library. Eventually, I was able to get my GED. When I was released from prison I went on to become successful.
Lucy asked for a bowl of ice cream. She had to wait until after dinner. Her grandma let her have 2 bowls of ice cream to cheer her up.
Theh he noticed another child sputtering nearby! Rick hurried into the pool and pulled the child out. The child was so relieved, he cried with gratitude!
I ordered a spicy tuna roll, extra hot. The chef's just laughed at me when they hand me my roll. I now have blisters on my tongue and a nuclear war zone in my stomach.
Eric hated being a preacher's kid. Every Saturday he would try to devise a way to get out of church. Every Sunday he would be sitting in the front row despite his efforts.
It was over two hours long. I could barely make it through. She was happy that I did and it was worth it, though.
But he could not make pancakes or sausage or anything! Then he had a good idea, and he brought her cereal in a bowl! His mom said it was the best birthday breakfast she had ever had.
They thought they could survive it as well. Unfortunately they were wrong. All of them died tragically.
She called her friend Amy who told her there was party later. Lucy felt left out since she couldn't go. Amy offered to call from the party so Lucy would feel included.
He went around smelling and touching all of the plants. Soon after Mark became really itchy and red. He quickly realized he had touched poison ivy.
Then one day he had a bad car accident. He had injured himself and another person. Gil now speaks publicly about the dangers of texting and driving.
I spilled my soda trying to clean that up. We disturbed the people around us. Luckily once the movie got going we actually got it together.
I took a seminar in science and society. The professor offered us beer in his lab. I had a Coors.
They promised never to lose the heart shaped lockets in their hands. After the chant, they opened their eyes. They hugged each other and went outside to play.
He was looking for her dad. She had no idea where he was, but he was holding her up. She smiled politely and began her journey.
When his kids were asleep, Craig checked how much candy they had. He decided to eat all of their Halloween candy. Craig's sons never went trick or treating with him again.
Mikey tried to stop her, but she began berating the waiter. Other people noticed and scolded her. It became such a mess Mikey decided to leave.
The wind shifted and the flames roared towards the firefighters. Barry called out the alarm to the incident commander. The personnel all evacuated safely due to his diligence.
Sally won the spree. She got to shop at her favorite store. Sally bought $600 worth of clothes.
I decided on getting pizza hut. I got the number and ordered my food. Twenty minutes later, my food arrived at my house.
Sally overheard me telling the story and laughed. Later I heard Sally telling her friends that she had found my marbles! I asked her about the marbles, but she wouldn't return them.
He even got straight A's on his first report card. One day he failed at playing chess. He kept practicing until he was good at that too.
Sherry wanted to try something new. She saw a poster for snorkeling and decided to go for it. She couldn't believe all the beautiful fish that were in the water.
Last night she pooped on the bedroom carpet. Luckily it was a dry stool. My wife yelled at the cat.
My Dad and I decided to go out shopping. We left at 10 o'clock Thanksgiving night. I couldn't believe the amount of people I saw at Walmart.
Billy reached around to find the light switch. When he flipped it on, nothing happened. He replaced the lightbulb and he could once again see.
Then he remembered that a substitute bus had been used one day. He went out of his way to track down the other bus. After carefully searching it, he found the lost monkey!
The man startled them. And Billy Joe shot him. Both were arrested for murder.
He decided to changed that. He practiced harder than he ever did in his life. The next game, he hit the biggest home run ever.
She opens her door and a puppy runs in. The puppy jumps and licks her face. Helen falls in love.
He grabs his flashlight before opening the front door. As he walked outside, there was loud rattling of the bushes. A giant muskrat leaps out and scares him.
A huge jackrabbit was caught, struggling to get out of it. Jim Bob stomped on its neck, breaking it. He wears one of its feet in memory of the delicious stew it made.
He took a train to Sofia and took tours from there. In a few weeks, he had seen a dozen ancient castles. Neil was blown away by the beauty of Bulgaria!
Occasionally I will break one accidentally while solving. I still add those ones to my collection. They go on the top shelf as the teasers that bested me.
Ben ran to the kitchen to get some pop tarts. He returned to find the gecko gone. Ben noticed the gecko hiding under a pillow.
She looked downstairs. Becoming frantic, Mother noticed her children were giggling. She realized her glasses were on top of her head!
One of his best friend had shaved his head and now it was his turn. The barber took the electric razor and was finished in two minutes. Tim sat there, stunned at his new look.
Then, he cleaned all of the counters and appliances. Finally, he swept the floors. With the kitchen clean, Sam was able to relax.
She bought ingredients. She mixed them all up. Jen then burned the cookies.
One child saw this action and was drawn into the monkey. The kid felt like he should reward the monkey for the entertainment. The kid threw some of his food over the fence to feed the monkey.
Kelsey did not know who to pick for her maid of honor. Shaun helped Kelsey choose. Kelsey chose her best friend.
She lifted weights. She ate healthy things and drank water. She was happy when she won the competition.
I completed a qualification to do the HIT. Then the HIT guided me to write a story. I wrote a short story, and completed the HIT.
One day she forgot to study for her spelling test. Sarah missed two words and made a B on her test. She vowed to always write down her assignments in a planner.
Bill offered Pam a hot cider, which she accepted. Soon thereafter, Pam began to feel dizzy. Falling to the ground, she realized the cider was drugged.
Since the chips were spicy, he ended up sweating. Although I asked if he was okay, he pretended to be fine. However, he immediately ran to the water foundation a minute later.
She consulted the map to find her class. On the way no one paid any attention to her. She was relieved since that meant she was fitting in.
Nell enjoyed the project, matching animals to the letters. When she came to the letter X, Nell was stumped. The teacher was impressed that Nell drew an X-ray of an animal.
Elliot decided to go to college for dancing. After he graduated, he became very famous. Now his friends don't make fun of him for dancing!
Each of his friends gave him something from their lunch. He got half a sandwich, some grapes, some chips and a fruit snack. It was even better than the lunch he left at home.
Determined to see the reef, she enrolled in swimming lessons. Once comfortable in the water, she took diving lessons. Two Year's later, she spent her vacation exploring the reef.
She opened the curtain to let the light in. It was still too dark, so she turned on the overhead light. After a few hours the room was no longer cool.
She came across a creek that she had to walk through. She fell in the creek and was gently washed by the water. She honestly felt great after that since it was a warm day.
He searched every store and no one carried fresh milk. Chip drove two hours out of town and found a farm. He paid the farmer big money for some very fresh milk.
In his car, he silently said goodbye. The salesclerk told him they couldn't accept his donation. He happily took them home.
They went shopping. They saw a Broadway show. They always have a great time catching up.
Ethan only felt a poke from the needle. After it was done, Ethan asked to keep the tooth. He and his mother went to Dairy Queen to celebrate.
One of his audiences thought he was a thief. They accosted him and held him for the police. Mike was released but never went back to Las Vegas.
The gear helped save them from falling. They were glad they brought it. Climbing gear was always brought on future trips.
The other two laughed rudely. The one who fell was sad. After the show she sat crying by herself.
He found a stove for a good price. He bought it and brought it home. He now has a new stove that he loves.
The car stopped on me just blocks from the house. I had to walk the rest of the way. Now I have to go get gas to put in the stranded car.
They seemed to look like instruments. I noticed a group of young men come and collect the items. I had been on the same flight as the International Noise Conspiracy!
Her English teacher let her know that she needed to read a book. Mary spent the next two days speed reading the book. On the first day of school, she was ready to participate in the work.
Her teacher made her keep track of reading minutes. She had to keep a log. Now Camryn knows how much she is reading every month.
He practiced at home until he was ready. He went to the tryouts and hit every ball. The couch immediately put him on the team.
She put the castle into its cage before she went to bed. In the morning, there was nothing left but shreds and plaster dust. Guinea pigs do not appreciate fine architecture.
He opened the envelope containing that day's code. Inside was a coupon for half-off the price of a sandwich. Belatedly, he realized it was April Fool's Day.
He found some baby birds that fell out of a nest. Sam picked up the baby birds. He placed them back into the nest in the tree.
He practiced day and night talking into his mirror. On the day of the presentation, he went early to practice some more. He did an amazing job, but he did forget to zipper his pants.
Some inhaled too much smoke and began to see things. One fireman thought he saw a person dancing in the fire. He thought that it looked like a great place to dance.
Joanna wasn't paying attention to where she was walking. Joanna fell into a puddle of mud. Joanna felt embarrassed as she felt all eyes on her.
One day his dad tripped on a lego walking down the stairs. He broke his neck and is a cripple now. Jimmy never forgave himself for it.
Instead, they bought one ticket. Then, one friend went in and opened a back door for them. Finally, they were able to watch the movie together.
They huddled lower in the bushes, being as quiet as they could. The Jehovah Witnesses walked by their hiding spot. They breathed a sigh of relief, and resumed their morning jog.
Ray started at the top and worked his way down. He was able to find everything on the list. Once he had it all, Ray crumpled up the paper and toss it aside.
Ali knew there would be a confrontation between them. As the bus rode off she was happy to be safe for now. Ali was so exhausted from the day she fell asleep on the bus.
When he was done with the outline, he showed it to me. It ended up being my face on top of a banana. I ripped the page and threw it away.
Occasionally, students were allowed to play with the bunny. One day, Sam fed the bunny french fries. The bunny became sick and was removed from the class.
Their family could hardly stand it. Finally Elsa their daughter, made them talk things out. It worked.
I prefer to have fresh veggies on my pizza. At the market I was able to find everything I need. I left the farmers market to go make my pizza.
She requested to take the day off because of her headache. She drove home and took a hot shower. She took an advil and fell asleep.
I tried to move it but it was too heavy. He picked at the stone with a chisel. He carved the rock into a lion head and kept it.
It's sitting in the dumpster at the fire station. It broke my heart to get rid of it. I threw it away because no one uses that technology any more.
Jen hides the clothes in her bag and changes back into them at school. The school principal calls to complain about what Jen is wearing. When Jen's get home her mother she grounds her for a month.
When she does the officer arrests her. She learns that her sister has been committing crime using her name. But not before she spends 3 days in jail and writes her sister off.
June looked to her right and saw a tiny kitten. She walked over and picked up the kitten. June decided to keep the kitten she wanted a new friend.
A large eel darted out after him. Lucas grabbed the eel and wrestled with it. The eel swam away after biting off a chunk of Lucas' arm.
Someone walked up to her and offered her money. Tracy gladly accepted and walked away. Tracy was perplexed when the man ran after her in anger.
She waited for days to see a hummingbird. When she had almost given up hope, two showed up! Anna was so happy to see the little red-chested birds again.
Dave felt embarrassed by how low he had sunk since then. The teller handed over the money and wrote put a note with it. The note said he hoped to see him at the next reunion.
I realized that the phone had terrible service. I tried to ask for a new phone but my boss told me no. I got angry and smashed the phone on the floor.
I didn't mind for a while but after a few months it got tiresome. I was excited when I recently got a better paying job. The extra money would help me add variety to my diet.
Bob called a repairman only to find out he needed a brand new washer. Bob researched new washers and found the prices far too expensive. Frustrated, Bob gave up and called a laundry service.
It got really overweight. Nancy eventually realized the dog had to lose weight. She started feeding him less treats and a healthier diet.
Amy was thrown through the windshield and injured badly. She was rushed to the hospital, where doctors tended her. They ended up keeping her hospitalized for three weeks.
As she bit, part of her tooth broke. Kerry rush to the dentist. She had to have emergency dental surgery to fix her tooth.
Beef, spices, and his new dehydrator. But he looked at the package of meat. It wasn't beef he bought it was lamb!
On Christmas Day, Jay received a very large box. Curious, she unwrapped and opened the box and took out the contents. She found three gift cards taped to the bottom of the box and laughed.
However, her child accidentally pulled on one of the hangers. The entire set of clothes on the rack collapsed on her. Tina quickly rushed to get her.
Donald was able to get into a clinical trial. His cancer began to clear up with the treatments. Today, Donald's cancer is in remission.
The burrito made Tom feel more sick. Tom went to the hospital to investigate his sickness. The doctors told Tom he was going to be okay.
Then she used a rake to break up the clay. Som got some sod to cover the yard at the garden store. She shortly put the sod down on watered soil.
He uploaded all the footage to his computer. Ben spent several nights editing footage. Now he feels confident he is a better camera man!
Then she had an idea. Each morning she would set her alarm just five small minutes earlier. In a month, she was getting up at six effortlessly!
He took a closer look and realized he had spilled his soda. He took everything out of the bag. Then, he washed the bag in the sink.
He started flirting with her. He ended up getting caught by his manager. His manager fired him.
Her carpets were white and she was worried there'd be a stain. She quickly grabbed some carpet cleaner. Luckily, she was able to get the ash away with a spray.
When their landlord finds out he demands that they get rid of the dog. The next day they see a flyer with a picture of the missing puppy. They reluctantly decide to give the dog back to it's owner.
I had trouble getting the crust right. Then I had trouble getting the vegetables cooked well enough. In the end I bought some frozen pot pies and they were great.
I went over to her house and she immediately jumped on me. I threw her a rope and she chased it. Her dog is a playful pup.
As the officer approached, Dan simmered, preparing for an argument. The policeman merely told him his license plate was about to fall off. Chagrined, Dan accepted the cop's offer of a screwdriver to secure it.
Mel admitted he was getting tired of the same thing over and over. He stepped out of his comfort zone and added fruit to his cereal. His mother rolled her eyes, since it was still the same breakfast.
However, her pen ran out of ink. She didn't know what to do. She remembered the spare in her bag and finished the test.
When they wed, he thought he could stay clean for his wife, but no. Then his wife gave birth to a beautiful baby girl! Ed has not touched a drink since her birth, seven years ago.
But I think they look really dumb. Still, it's a job and I need money So I made them and got paid anyway.
It has a rare gems exhibit. I went into the exhibit with Benjamin. He asked me to marry him, I said No.
Chester trained with Carter for several weeks. Chester now had the confidence to face his bullies. Chester got his revenge when he beat them all up.
She returned to find him in her seat, and it angered her. She ended up wrestling her brother for the seat. While they wrestled, their little sister ended up taking the seat.
They called to cancel. Ken felt weird being there alone. He left and went home.
Mandy started washing the dishes. She was just finishing up when someone brought her even more dishes. Finally, she finished for good.
He hit some black ice and rolled his truck. He was fine, but his truck was totaled. He still tried to make it to his gig!
After looking in the newspaper, he found a job offer as a salesman. Sam went to an interview and got the job. Sam became a successful salesman and could easily pay his bills.
Greg is very sad because he has no friends. One day, Greg goes home and finds his mom bought a dog. Greg and the dog become best friends!
After a series of bad events Cynthia started to question religion. She was shunned by people she trusted for asking questions. Ultimately she decided to let it all go to focus on her own happiness.
When she arrived home later she began to feel sick to her stomach. She ended up being sick the rest of the day. The milkshake must have made her sick.
My mom took the dog to the groomer. The groomer shaved off all of her fur. She finally doesn't have any knots!
Then he packed all the kids into the van. They drove to the park and sat on a blanket. Everyone enjoyed their picnic outdoors!
The night of the reunion, she saw many people she used to know. A girl who once bullied her came up to her and apologized. Alissa was shocked that her bully still remembered about this.
She searched everywhere for a nice name. Kim went into labor and still didn't have a name. The baby was born and she named the baby after her doctor.
They had no clue how much it cost. He waved Karen off, saying that it was on the house. Karen hesitated but then thanked him.
She headed up the stairs to her classroom. When she entered her teacher stared at her. She ignored her and grabbed her things to leave.
Yves decided to make chocolate instead. He grabbed some cacao beans and made milk chocolate. Unfortunately, the chocolate burnt and Yves couldn't eat it.
He wore his toga to the grocery store to buy bread. The clerk asked him if he was in a play or something. Sal tried to think of a witty retort, but failed.
She was nervous. When she went, she got a good report. She was cancer free.
She had to call a mechanic to tow it. At the garage, he inspected it and delivered bad news. Jules would have to pay $500 to fix her car!
Amy felt she needed the coffee today because she was so tired. Her mother stood in the door demanding she pour the coffee out. Amy walked around her mom, and kept drinking the coffee.
When he looked closer, he realized that they were everywhere. He called an exterminator. The next day, a man came out and got rid of the bugs.
He worked for hours to save up for this awesome game. After hours and hours he finally saved up enough to buy the game. He bought it with his hard earned money and gave it to his friend.
They still trembled as she swiped the water bottles. And as she searched her purse for her wallet. Now she needed to figure out how she would get the water to her car.
When I got them, I immediately opened the boxes. Everything was perfect. I knew I would go back to them again.
Apparently the page had been torn out. Sam was able to find a copy of the page he needed online. Sam completed his homework and got an outstanding grade.
She looked in her cabinets for food. She decided to make pizza herself. It turned out great.
A voice came over the intercom and told us it was storming. We looked at various exhibits while waiting. When the storm passed, we were able to leave the museum.
She started sorting them. She put everything into categories. Soon, it was all well organized.
Lucy, unable to find her own, was extremely jealous. Just as she was about to give up, a sand dollar washed up by her feet. Their parents were relieved that now both girls were happy!
The owner tried many things including ignoring the dog. One day he took Thor for a ten mile hike. Thor did not wake his owner the next morning.
Since the traffic was huge, I ended up reaching to the bar late. Me and my wife met up with the bartender. He said that our reservations are declined since there's a full house.
It grew clear that one net would have to be cut to save the other. The skippers could not agree on whose nets to cut. The only solution they could agree on was cutting both, to be fair.
His friends were much more skilled than he was and bigger. He tried to keep up by not using his brakes down the hill like them. He turned slightly and hit gravel throwing him over his handlebars.
She decided to try to whip it. She put it in a bowl and mixed it heartily. It did not turn out quite the way she hoped!
They said a roundabout was ahead. Chuck panicked and turned around. He didn't really need to go that way anyway.
He carried her to the car, and to the hospital they went. The kind staff patched Maude up, good as new. When they got the hospital bill, they were shocked at the cost!
Sandra went to her co-worker to ask for a pen. He dug in his desk and found a green and a blue pen. Sandra took the blue pen and signed the document again.
it was raining and rather cold out. Tim brought a hot toddy to warm them up. Leslie loved the date.
He stayed in a hospital and had his tonsils taken out. My parents did not tell me right away. I had trouble sleeping until my brother came home.
He decided to buy a set of 20 gel pens that were blue. At the register he paid with his credit card. To sign the receipt he used one of his new pens.
Eventually Ed got stuck in a thunderstorm. He had to land the plane on the road down below. Many cars rushed out of the way to make room for his plane.
He sat in his hotel lonely. He wished he had gone with friends. Ed ended up talking with his friends on the phone the whole trip.
He got drunk, invited over a gay friend and made out with him. He woke up the next day, and was horrified at what he did. He kicked his friend out and never talked to him again.
The pain caused him to fall down onto the very hard concrete. Bob's friend Paul stopped to make sure he was all right. Paul helped Bob back up onto his feet again.
While her dad moved slowly Amy quickly unpacked the car. Once her things were in the room he said goodbye and left. Although she was excited, she cried a little as he drove away.
So we walked to the beach. The sound of the waves and breeze calmed us down. We felt much better after.
Trying to keep quiet, they inched towards it. Jon stepped on a branch, and the deer was scared off. The deer would live another day.
Alice decided she would look for a recipe to bake a pie. Alice found her grandmother's recipe. Alice decided she would use her grandmother's recipe to bake a pie.
Nora's mom put the jars on a shelf. In the morning, Nora's mom found all the jars had broken seals. Nora found the last jar she opened was sweet instead of sour pickles.
She took him to the mall to get new shoes. Chad tried on many shoes before he found the perfect pair. He was certain that his new shoes were the best in existence.
James wanted to make things right with her. He bought her a bouquet of roses. They were able to kiss and makeup.
She trudged through trying to keep snow out of her boots. But her ankle height boots were no match for a foot of snow. She looked down to see her black boots were covered in white snow.
Then she saw a little black cat at the back of the room. Sara fell in love with the cat immediately. Sara brought the cat home that day.
There, he observed the laid-back lifestyle and exotic tropical setting The waters and landscapes were amazing. Neil wished he could live in Bali!
He took a match and lit the living room on fire. Unfortunately, he forgot to exit the house. He died in the fire.
When we got there, everyone climbed but me. I chickened out. I wish I would've at least tried.
When Sam's father died, he inherited his supply of silk. Sam decided to try and make clothes of silk. Sam soon sold out his supply and was a rich man!
Suddenly, one bag tore open. A carton of eggs fell onto the driveway. Sara opened the carton and saw that all of the eggs were broken.
That month, Paige was unable to afford her loan payment. Her house was foreclosed and Paige had to move back into her parents. Page regretted ever taking that loan.
Amanda decided to go to the store to purchase some apples. The store did not have any apples. Therefore, Amanda could not bake the apple pie again.
He made enough for both. By the time she woke up it was ready. She ate it without ever thanking him for it.
One night at bedtime, he announced he was going to read to her. He took a little book out of his backpack. And read it to him mom.
Her mother surprised her with tickets for a cruise. The entire family went on the cruise and had a great time. Karen was very happy and thankful for her family.
He partners with the people who do the inspecting of devices like his. They're more than happy to take his money and give him what he wants. James is happy they cost much less than buying advertisements.
Somebody he knew was inside. He knew the person but did not like the person. He planned to stay outside in the cold until that person left.
He put ham and cheese on a muffin. Then, he put it in the microwave. Finally, he ate it.
Her digital tuner kept telling her it was wrong. She tried different adjustments. Eventually she realized her digital tuner needed a new battery.
My mom noticed I was missing. She became concerned that I was lost. Finally I went inside in the evening and she was relieved.
She was becoming impatient however. So she turned off the oven 5 minutes too early. Kim was upset that the middle portion was still cold.
Before she got to her exit the traffic came to a stop. The wind blew hard and the sign over the highway waved back and forth. Kim hurried home afraid the wind would blow over a tree.
She looked at the audience. When she started to play it was beautiful. The audience loved it.
He helped his best friend move one day. Jeff discovered what he wanted to do with his life. Jeff started his own moving company.
They were expensive, but he really wanted them. He must have cut every lawn in the neighborhood to get the money. When he finally bought his sneakers, he was so excited.
She followed all the directions. One promising lead told her to install a file. Deborah is now in route to the computer repair shop with a dead PC.
She was very sad. Her mom and dad talked to an employee. They were able to get it back for her!
I invited my friends to go with me. They agreed to go. We met up there and had a few drinks.
The phone in the room rang as he sat down. The front desk worker called to see if he got into his room okay. The man grunted and slammed down the phone.
Conrad spent the entire day writing fantastic tales. At the end of the day, Conrad was paid for his stories. Conrad used the money to buy a new typewriter.
They went to the park and invited friends and family. The only drawback was that they misspelled his name on the cake. Luckily Samson didn't care and thought it was delicious.
I decided to make my own smoked salmon. But, I didn't use enough salt so it didn't cure. I contracted a bacterial infection from the smoked salmon.
Samantha woke up early and quietly made her way into the kitchen. She prepared waffles and pancakes. Samantha's mom was elated to eat breakfast in bed.
She helped pick strawberries. She took home a quart of strawberries to remember the trip. She boarded the bus home dirty and smiling.
Next I went to the boutique, but no dresses were in my size. Frustrated, I went home and read fashion magazines. Finding the perfect dress in Vogue, I decided to sew a version myself!
He ordered a chicken sandwich. When he moved towards the front window, the lady appeared. She gave him an ice cream.
Then, she decided to dye her hair. When she was all done, she looked completely different. Everyone who knew her loved the changes.
Tim called out to warn her. She jumped out of the way just as the branch crashed down. It was a very close call.
After 10 years, he never got used to it. But he had no money to move. One day, Ray yelled and protested outside the school but got arrested.
One day, And visited a reptile expo. There, Ain't gotta hold many cool looking reptiles. Now, And loves reptiles and even owns a snake and pet lizard.
Finally, her mother offered her twenty-five cents to try it. Tori finally gave in and ate the broccoli. She realized she loved it!
He searched his whole house and could not imagine where it went. He found it months later under a pile of newspapers. Kyle brought it back to the library and had to pay a big fine.
She gave a big motivational speech. Her teammates were inspired by her words. Her team ended up winning the next game.
But then saw the cutest puppy and wanted it. Her mom told her she couldn't just the fish. Sally now has a goldfish named Puppy.
He would write everyday to get better. Finally he submitted a story for publication. His story was purchased and Alex got published!
She was very bad at physics, however. She failed to become an astrophysicist. She ended up becoming a science illustrator for space instead.
He read many of the most highly regarded works of literature. He soon became very knowledgeable and intelligent. He knew he had increased his intelligence by reading many books.
He asked his friend Kyle to work with him. The practiced daily until Kevin was able to ride. Now all of the friends are able to skate at the park together.
We went to the park. The temperature went up fast. We should have worn short sleeves.
The two of us visited the animal shelter and looked around. One German Shepherd struck us as particularly lively and friendly. We felt happier after we adopted the dog and gave him a good home.
During the presentation the laptop battery died. He left his charger at home, but a classmate had one. Tim borrowed the charger and finished the presentation.
During the night, they rested by the fire. He fell asleep there and awoke to his son's prodding. Jamie received a lecture about fire safety from his own son!
They went to the fanciest restaurant in town. They both really enjoyed their meal that night. Matt and his wife now have a favorite new place to eat.
One day, the little boy left the gate open, and the puppy ran away! The little boy asked his parents to help him find his friend. They found the puppy across the street, playing in some bushes.
He got a lot of money from his job. He looked online to see what happened. It turns out someone charged money after stealing his card.
I'm starting to think that I shouldn't go to bed hungry. I woke up in the middle of the night and headed to my fridge. I found some red candies, ate them and went back to bed.
She studied long hours and did not understand. She decided to go to the campus' math lab. She learned a new way to think from the tutor and improved her grades.
Someone pushed her out of the way. She stumbled on a brick and hit the wall hard. She was clearly winded as she slid down the wall.
He was accused of shoplifting. I pleaded that they release him. They agreed and when he got home I grounded him.
One day he decided to take him home as a pet. Fred took him home but his parents made him put it back. Fred was disappointed.
It was at a beautiful cove. We saw lots of marine life. It brought us closer together as a couple.
One day she wore sandals to class and Mark gave her a compliment. She wore sandals again and heard her feet looked like boat oars. She had to think back to her compliment or she would've cried.
Laura doesn't want to work on math, but she eventually agrees. She begrudgingly finishes her math homework. Finally Laura can watch the movie.
Finally, she found one that suited her perfectly. She bought it right away. She felt like a princess on her wedding day in her perfect dress.
They all wanted to battle him in the game. The teacher got angry. The teacher banned it from the class.
I turned on the faucet. I sprayed the spider with water. The spider was washed down the drain.
They stopped by a local ice cream parlor. The pair bought a couple scoops of ice cream. They enjoyed the treat and continued walking together.
As soon as he was about to shoot, the ref blew his whistle. He said that there is a turn over. The coach called an offensive foul made by my teammate.
Ben got his suit ready and made sure he had everything he needed. He woke up early on the day of the interview to rehearse his answers. Ben aced his interview and got the job.
The other friend interrupted him and made fun of his mistake. The first friend became embarrassed and said he had to go. He hung up the phone and pouted.
They lost the first 3 by large margins. They were winning the last one until they fell apart late. They missed the playoffs and their fans were very upset.
She went to investigate and saw a snake in the grass. She quickly told the kids to disperse. Then, she called animal control.
They later at lunch then played outside. John's mother picked him up and they left. Tim went back to room and saw no disc in his video game system.
I got lucky and found a $50 on the ground! Once I had the money, I bought more beer. I drank the beer and was very happy.
Studying for hours on end, I stayed up all night before the test. I passed the final exam with a 92 percent. I never have to speak Spanish again!
The walked onto the sand. His dad turned on the light. Looking right at them were three sand crabs, startled by the light.
Since it seemed friendly, I gave it some food. A group of people suddenly appeared and thanked me. Since they were looking for that cat, they offered me an award.
He asked if I tried it before and I said no. He forced me to try it. When I took a puff, I started to cough.
When Christmas came Susie was so excited. When she opened her presents though, there was no bike. She was very disappointed.
On the list was going to the movies or taking a hike. Mark made a list of pros and cons to each activity. He decided to take a hike because of his health.
Hannah woke on her birthday, excited, and ran outside. There in the pen was a pony with a tall thin horn tied on its head! Hannah got her birthday "unicorn" after all!
Kayla hid in the bushes where she thought no one would find her. Her friend found her. Kayla was disappointed but laughed it off.
He tried to push me up to surf three times. He was finally successful and I crowd surfed! I only stayed up for about 30 seconds, but it was fun!
They practiced all kinds of defensive skills. Their school principal found out about the club. He was very supportive of them practicing these skills.
The other child grabbed it too. They both tugged and tugged at the toy. The teacher told them to share and so they did.
Becky and Lisa got lost. They tried asking around for help but no one would help them. Finally a nice couple helped them to the destination.
They threw beads. They wore costumes. It was a memory to last a lifetime.
I went to the police station to report what she had done. The police arrested my wife and she was sentenced to prison. I was happy that I no longer had to fear her.
She placed a fountain in her garden. She also put a walking path. Sally was proud of her creation.
She felt terrible about what she had done. Dani went to the store and bought drywall. She patched the wall up.
She told he mom she would help babysit. One night Sally mom went to the ER. The next Sally had her baby brother.
This year, she decided to make a Betty Boop costume. It took her two weeks to get her costume put together just right. Mary's Betty Boop costume won first place in the costume contest.
Carol strutted to the sabre saw and twirled it in her hands. She made a great show of how she wasn't wearing her safety goggles. Now she doesn't need to.
Everyone showed up on Thanksgiving day! The whole family celebrated and ate lots of turkey! From then on, Bart made Thanksgiving dinner a family tradition.
The possum saw me and started following me! She kept my pace as long as her little legs could keep up. Eventually, she veered off into the thick brush.
But the man tells him that he is dying. The sympathetic bartender keeps serving him and then gets him a cab. Later the bartender finds out that the man left him 500k in his will.
All you had to do was learn a whole packed of songs by the end. Sally decided to get it all done immediately. She finished the booklet in two days.
Nick's soda splashed on the ceiling of the car. I was preoccupied yelling at the other driver. Eight Years later my car is in great condition except for a soda stain
I went to a local tailor. They measured me and made me a suit. It was surprisingly cheap,and the suit looked good.
He organizes his to do list and accomplishes his goal. He has finished all of his chores. He is now allowed to go fishing with his friends.
The wind moaned through the dead leaves and an owl hooted. We got so scared that we ran out of there as fast as we could. Needless to say, none of us slept well that night.
However, he took almost the whole class to complete the second test. The teacher called on everyone to turn their work in. Beal turned everything in, despite not finishing his work.
Only when she got very angry or excited did it start to slip through. Eventually Ann grew to resent concealing her full identity. She decided to go back to speaking like her normal self!
So he told John to stay in the imaginary dungeon. While John was in the dungeon he hummed a beautiful tune. He sang so good that Tim decided to play with him.
They then put them outside in the winter. When the water froze, they brought them in and had large cubes. The ice cubes were too big for their glasses.
Then he went outside to practice. At first he fell over and over. But soon Chris was skating just like an old pro!
After graduation, he started to lose proficiency. One day he met a girl named Marisela who spoke Spanish. His Spanish improved as he made friends with her.
She had just scored some last minute deals on some gifts. She was tired but determined to finish. She was ultimately able to prepare all the gifts for her family.
Little did they know she was an excellent player. When one of the girls had to go home, they finally let her play. Much to their amazement, she won three games in a row.
However to my surprise I missed my flight. Security took too long. Luckily I was able to get a new flight.
Dan decided it was time to get a larger car. He wanted an SUV but they were out of his budget. Dan ended up with a new Mini-van.
Fred's mom got very scared for her son. She frantically started texting and calling him. It turned out to be a prank.
He found his dog weaving in circles and acting tipsy. Bill thought he must have drank too much himself. Then he saw the lawn was filled with half-eaten mushrooms.
We were excited when the pizza got here only to find it was destroyed. I called to have the store bring us a new one but they complained. We had to give them the old ruined pizza before getting a new one.
She bought all her favorite stocks. Kelly was thankful she had a nest egg. As it grew her nest egg increased.
The Barbie doll was her favorite. One day she misbehaved and her mother took the Barbie away. She was very sad all day because of the toy missing.
The air traffic controller granted the plane permission to land. The pilot guided the plane towards the runway. The airplane safely landed on the runway.
She finally found out she won. The feeling was amazing. She won a gold medal for her efforts.
At the end of the concert, the band left. Instead of cheering for another song, they sang him happy birthday. Gerard was very happy and performed an encore.
When he got the test, Bob read every question carefully. He made his way through the test and turned it in. Bob felt very good about this math test and was proud.
She wore her lovely dress. Then she took her communion. She felt like such a mature young lady now!
A new building was constructed, and the old basement forgotten. Recently, the new owners found the old basement while running cable. They made a fortune selling off the unworn, vintage shoes.
Hey mom saw the cracked dish. And he was not allowed to wash dishes again. But Bob was glad.
I scraped all of the ice off the roof of the car. Then I took off the cover to the lights to clean off the inside. After wiping everything down, I put the cover back on.
I looked online for guides on growing peppers. I followed the guides, and waited for a few months. Shortly after starting, I had fresh peppers growing in my garden.
Next to me was a tall tree. I climbed to the top to look around. Far in the distance I could see a fire growing.
Tiny sniffed the chunk of cheese and turned away. Jean retrieved the pill and stuffed it in a soft cookie. Tiny stood on her legs to grab the rare treat.
She practiced diligently to learn how to do a giant on the bars. She was finishing her routine in an upcoming competition with a giant. On the day of the competition, Sarah completed the giant and landed.
Also some of the clubs have bad wine. Make sure you try a lot of clubs before committing to one. That's what Tammy did  and is enjoying it.
Everybody else also wanted the same new game. Taylor waited in line for a copy of the new game. He played the game for hours when he got home.
We tried calming him down. He threw a punch at me and missed. We tackled and held him to the ground until the cops came.
The first few days she showed no progress. But in a month she was potty trained . Now she does not pee on the carpet no more.
He moved to America as a young man. He quickly opened up a pizza shop and became a local favorite. Mike has been making the most delicious pizza's in America since!
After the party there was a big mess to clean up. None of her friends stayed to help her. She cleaned the house by herself.
The girls all stood quiet as she yelled. Lynn's dad drove her friends home. Lynn was grounded for a month.
Then, he spotted a vending machine. Inside, there were bags of Skittles. Weston decided that he would make his commercial about the candy.
Finally, Joel checked the local newspaper. He saw an ad for a 1 bedroom apartment that he could afford. After calling the landlord, Joel moved in.
His roommate went to use one. It was still dirty. Sam wasn't allowed to wash dishes after that.
I knew I had the space and time, so I agreed to foster them. The next day, I picked up a Chihuahua mix and her two puppies. So far, it has been a very fulfilling experience.
When his friend visited him at the park, both of them started to run. In addition, we used the exercising equipment to work out. We were in the park for a couple of hours.
Billy revealed that he was depressed all the time. Billy saw a therapist and discovered he was clinically depressed. Billy is on medication and is happier than he's ever been.
Suddenly, he grabbed the cat's tail. The cat was angry, and scratched Timmy. Timmy was so scared, his mom decided to get rid of the cat.
He had to wear his glasses, and he feared being mocked. But to his surprise, none of his classmates laughed at all. In fact, many girls told him how cute he looked in his glasses!
Joe freaked out at him for ruining the seasoning of the pan. In the end the eggs tasted fine. Chris looked for an apology but got none.
Jemma started eating better and walking daily. People started to notice Jemma losing weight and getting fit. Jemma's mother and sister started to join her on her walks.
He went to the doctor and they ran some tests. The doctor told Tony that he is dehydrated and needs to drink water. Tony never drank too much water but now drinks a gallon a day.
It really hurt. She picked out some really pretty earrings. She felt a lot better.
At first the class was loud and raucous. But then they settled down and introduced themselves. To Milly's relief, all her students were kind and friendly!
The sand got into my lunch. I could not eat anything as it was covered in sand. I left the beach and went home for lunch.
He waited patiently in the hotel lobby for all of his friends. They went around the corner and had a delightful lunch. Jacob left with a full belly and a full heart.
So, Jim started feeding the cat scraps of meat. Soon, the cat began to trust Jim and followed him inside his home. Now, Jim's cat lives in Jim's house and it is his pet.
Everyone took several bites before realizing the pain. All of them guzzled their drinks down. They are broke out laughing because of what happened.
But as soon as she got home they all milled around. She only had 8 cakes, and wanted to save them for later. By the time they left she was down to 3.
His parents' entire basement was given over to giant train sets. All Deacon wanted in life was more trains. He became a train conductor when he grew up.
Tami went downtown and saw hundreds of animals that needed homes. There was a kitten named Milly in a cage that made her heart melt. She adopted Milly and brought her back home.
Later that summer Marie and David were driving along the road. They discovered that the flowers were blooming. They stopped the car, got out, and took a photograph of the flowers.
Him and his family listened to a lecture about astronomy. Later in the day, they were shown a virtual planetarium. Benjamin left the Space Agency with a new understanding of science.
He made his costume himself. He always goes trick or treating. He got tons of candies.
I picked up a large lollipop. I went to taste it. When I tasted it it tasted bad.
They were everywhere she looked. The covered the road in anticipation of the rain. She decided to walk her bike home to spare the worms.
He tweaked his resume. He sent it in. He got the promotion.
Her mom says no. On her birthday she decides to go shopping with a friend. When she gets home she walks into a surprise party!
When he introduced himself, she was very friendly. He asked her out and they made plans. Later, Jim picked Michaela up for their date.
One time he cut the nail really short and it became infected. He tried to take care of it at home, but it still hurt. He had to make an appointment with the podiatrist to take care of it.
When her pals begged, Becky let them each keep a rock. The pals left, and Becky looked at the empty spaces in the collection. She walked along the road picking up rocks to fill the spaces.
She debated whether to buy it as it was fifty dollars. Finally, Jill decided to treat herself and bought the bag. Later, she learned that the bag was Chanel brand and worth thousands!
He knew he had a birthday party after school. He was excited all day. When he got to the party, he was very happy.
The extruded writing cores are cut to length and put in place. The other halves of the slats are then squeezed on top. Finally, the individual pencils are carved into shape.
Most people expected them to destroy the Giants by 40 points. But the Patriots missed some key plays, as did the refs, and lost. The Giants had pulled off the biggest upset in sports history.
She watched as the doll was passed around the room. Amy saw that most of the kids barely looked at the doll. When she got home, Amy stuck the doll in the closet.
He visits the Eiffel tower. He stays there for a week. It was the best trip he's ever taken.
We tried hard, but the latkes would not stick together. Instead, we had a pile of hashbrowns. We still ate them because they still tasted fine.
Kim felt sick and couldn't eat any of the delicious food they served. She spent most of the time in the bathroom or in bed. Kim didn't get discouraged, she is looking forward to her next cruise!
Bob loved all the great new music! He wrote down the names of the bands to remember them. Bob was so glad he had gone to Summerfest!
The L Street Brownies swim on New Year's Day but I went earlier. My daughter, son and son in law went into the freezing water with me. We ran back to the car, laughing.
He jogged everyday after work. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't lose any weight! Bob's wife told him that she loved him just the way he was.
She set the snake on fire and it slithered into a pile of dried leaves The leaves caught fire which set her house on fire, burnin it down. It was the funniest new article I've ever read!
The kids cooled off and played. Other kids who were walking by saw and asked to join them. Soon, all of the neighborhood kids were cooling off at Jill's house.
She was in pain, but pushed to see her baby girl. The baby was born, perfect and pink. Laurie felt so much joy holding her new baby girl.
With some egging on from friends, he decided to jump in the pool. Then, he realized that his phone was in his pocket. He checked it but it was completely broken.
However, one day, Juanita became lost in a new city. She wished she had a smartphone with a map. Juanita decided it was time to buy a smartphone.
He could hear the computer running. Finally he asked his dad to come take a look. His dad quickly discovered the monitor brightness was turned down.
After an hour of hiking, Dave finally realized he was lost. He set up a campsite and created a smoke signal to be rescued. A helicopter found his smoke signal, and Dave was returned to safety.
When it beeped, she halted and began to dig. She found a metal object buried deep in the sand. Brushing it off, Anna saw that it was a valuable diamond ring!
Suddenly, Max started to tell Laura how much he loved her. Then he pulled out a ring and proposed. Laura was so excited, and she said yes right away.
He was really proud of it and didn't want to eat it. Instead, his mom found a cool spray that would preserve it. Then, she hung it on a string and made an ornament.
I made a reservation with my credit card, paying nearly 200 dollars. I escorted Mary to the docks and we loaded the Gondola. We had a beautiful sunset Gondola ride that evening.
He was angry so he beat the shooter up. Because of that, he was discharged from the army. He ends up being homeless.
After arriving home, I decided to wait in the front. When she opened the door, she had several suitcases with her. She told me that she was leaving me and our relationships.
She shops when she is happy. She has a problem. Zoey is a certified shopaholic.
The children didn't know what to do about the stuff in Mom's house. The children organized all the things into a library. Now the townspeople get to borrow things from the children.
She thanked me with a smile. I then asked her if she was free on the weekend. I got her number and we went on a date.
Carson could barely wait one minute! He drank the very hot chocolate. When he burned his tongue, he realized his mother had been right.
They suddenly became aware a of new threat as smoke wafted in. The castle was burning down around them. They were all in danger now.
It was very sweet that he always wanted to hug us. But sometimes it was a bit too much. We finally had a good talk and he cut down on the hugging.
Mary was quite upset. George was confused about her reaction. They left the horse apple orchard before George figured it out.
She tried her best to make the eggs look pretty. Unfortunately, she messed up while peeling them and filling them. They tasted okay, but they were very ugly.
I paid to throw balls and knock over bottles. I wasn't able to get a single one. After I decided to just buy her one instead.
So Mary scrubbed, polished, dusted and wiped. When she finished, her mom handed her the concert tickets. Mary loved it all the more because she truly earned it!
Her mom finally bought her one and Riley brought it outside. Just as she began to try to ride it, she fell on it, breaking it. Riley ran to her mom crying while carrying the broken board.
When the doors opened, he rushed inside to where they were on display. Once he had purchased it, he raised his arms in the air in excitement. He watched with horror as it fell from his hand and its screen broke.
She ordered a DNA testing kit and sent in her sample. The company revealed surprising information to her. Nita was not Irish at all - she was French!
She was excited as the fight started. During the fight, she saw how the bull was abused. Alissa became sad and left the arena.
He was far ahead of the others! But then he fell off his bike. Tay lost the race after all.
Last week my cousin gave me one I'd never seen before. I've been studying it for days. Until I realized he made it himself, that trickster.
He found a website that let him order groceries from a local store. And within an hour, Will's groceries were delivered to his house. Will decided to only shop online from then on.
According to her father it was in a drawer in the kitchen. Gina looked and didn't see it. She tried and failed to use a pair of pliers instead.
So Matt checked out a secondhand shop. There, he found a nice pair of boots in his size. No one could tell that his new boots weren't actually new!
Arthur suggested they rob someone. They pulled up to a man and demanded his wallet and backpack. He resisted and Arthur and his friends were caught in the act.
She went to the reading anyway to show respect. The lawyer there told her he'd left her $25,000! Mary was thrilled with her newfound riches!
Everyone usually liked her rum cake. Candy brought the cake to the party. Everyone asked her for the recipe.
She mother realized she named her poorly. She changed her name to Tactless. Now Tactless things always before she speaks.
He knew he would hate to disappoint his dad so he thought and thought. Finally he found a way to please both himself and his dad. Brad enlisted - as a Navy researcher!
He tried to look over his notes during his first class. When he got to class the teacher was out. The test was postponed until the next day.
It was cute so I approached it. The racoon bit me and it had rabies. I was saved at the hospital and I learned to be wary of racoons.
The back of the truck opened up by accident. Therefore, a sofa fell on the floor. Another driver crashed into the sofa.
While at the airport Ian became nervous. He boarded the plane. Upon landing he realized planes weren't so bad.
But she remembered what her parents told her about being nice. So she decided to be nice to him. They weren't friends yet but at the very least friendly.
In front of the whole town, he ate hot dog after hot dog. But then he was too full to continue. Ike ended up coming in third place in the contest!
He couldn't wait. However his dad came home empty handed because he was broke. Tim decided he loved his dad anyway.
He would miss the bus if he made himself his hot breakfast! He had to settle for a few cold Pop-Tarts that morning. Ted vowed never to sleep through his alarm again!
Randall decides to visit his local library and apply for jobs there. He finds that being at the library is much better than being at home. Randall is happy that he got away from his home for the day.
She decided to go on social media, but immediately closed the page. Her heart thumped as she contemplated his last DM to her. She knew now, he truly was watching her.
I tripped over the area rug and broke my foot. I had to go to the emergency room and get a cast. Now I turn on the lights everywhere I go.
He ran home and jumped in the shower. All the ditch dirt washed down the shower drain. Adam dried off and was clean and nice smelling.
Gina wanted to do something about this. So she started trying to socialize her dog more with others. After a while, her dog started to act more friendly to other dogs.
There were some pez dispensers and old pencils. It is the junk that often times people are looking for. That is why they say someone's junk is another's treasure.
At night, someone lit candles in all of the lanterns. It was so pretty. Afterwards, everyone got to take a paper lantern home.
He decided to clean the whole house to get rid of the smell. When he was done, he realized the odor was from his shoes. Laurence threw those shoes in the dumpster and wore another pair.
They called her for hours but to no avail. One child began to panic and cry. They never found her but one was was every sure she even played.
She started down the hiking trail. It took longer than she thought. She had to hurry to make it back before sunset.
One day Jim thought to bring food for his friends and him. He cooked a big stew all night since they could never go out to eat. Jim brought the stew and he and his friends at it while they worked.
With no male tigers around, Babs might die without producing a cub. A male was recently found in the wild. The male tiger and Babs could now produce offspring.
On his first day in New York City, he met an attractive man. They hit it off, and it turned out they worked in adjacent buildings. Oliver remarks, in hindsight, how moving was for the best, after all.
When she asked her grandmother she told her she had no money. Amy decided she needed to get a job. She spent 5 hours filling out applications online.
She decided on the harp. She studied diligently at her lessons. Soon she was an expert harpist!
More and more business closed down after the recession. More people are shopping online instead of shopping locally. There is now a lot of abandon buildings and everything seems deserted.
Sam was willing to fly to go there. Sam was scared the whole ride. When he finally landed he kissed the safe ground.
The principal asked Anthony where he learned how to swear. Anthony told the principal he learned it from the principal's mother. Anthony was expelled from school and had to attend another school.
Daniel's parents were skeptical about his choice. They told him that philosophy did not have good job opportunities. Daniel decided to study business as well as philosophy.
He had a loud and grating laugh. Gina gritted her teeth each time she heard it. The sound of his laugh annoyed Gina more and more each day.
My grandmother and I used to make cookies together all the time. The cookies came out just like I remember. The smell of the cookies reminded me of my childhood.
Someone had loaded two bars into one slot. So he got two candy bars for the price of one. It was his lucky day.
Tom decided to bring his dog. His dog loved riding in the truck. Tom and his dog had fun on the road trip.
However, his best friends show up at the bar and they all drink lots. After several drinks, Jason decides to take the long walk home. He finally gets home and decides he never wants to drink again.
At night, he woke himself screaming from nightmares. He finally went to see a therapist. Sam was slowly able to enjoy his life again.
She made her way down to the panda enclosure. All the pandas were sleeping. She didn't mind, because she loved pandas, even if they were lazy.
Donald kept eating until he ate the whole thing. Afterwards, Donald's stomach was very upset. Donald threw up in the restroom due to overeating.
Jill screamed at her boss for complaining about her work. Jill was warned that she would be fired if she acted up again. Jill was able to get help through anger management classes.
The audience gasped at this reveal. The candidate got the crowd to clap in a steady beat. When the beat began, he began his fancy tap routine.
She became pregnant. Steph ended up having twins. She had one boy and one girl and was thrilled!
He saw that there was a deal on crabfish so he got a basket. It was amazing and he ran home to tell his wife. The next day they went there and it was closed!
Suddenly a loud cry erupted beyond the foliage. It was the mating call of a buck. The hunter bolted up and ran to the source of the sound.
He sang it without knowing the words that well. When the song was over he wondered what it was called. The man called the radio station to ask.
I decided to get some rest before it got too late. When the alarm went off, I quickly hopped out of bed. My test was thankfully canceled due to heavy snow fall.
He persisted, and made it through the speech he'd prepared. Cory was relieved when it was over. When he got home, he curled into a ball in the corner and cried.
His daughter played violin while he recited. I think his poetry is simplistic but did not tell him so. I think it would be mean.
I was so mad that he blamed me because I didn't take it. Today Joey found his truck under his bed. Mom gave him a spanking for lying.
We each picked different scenes. Mine didn't turn out so great. She still encouraged me and pretended to like it.
His mother wanted him to get rid of them. One day he saw a hungry squirrel. Matt happily gave all of his acorns to the hungry squirrel.
He did his best, but a lot of the meat burned. Evan's coworkers were angry. Evan apologized for his inexperience.
One young man stood up and proved him wrong about his lecture. Jaden was immediately silenced and then agreed with the man. The two ended up friends.
She showed her parents and they said she could have one because of it. She looked online and saw someone giving them away. Sally went with her parents and got the puppy.
Dan Bern happened to get in line behind me during intermission. We chat for a bit. I got his autograph while waiting in line for the bathroom.
He was delayed due to a traffic accident closing the road. Worried that he would miss Clint, Tom turned onto a side street. He arrived just in time to surprise Clint with the gift.
A motorist stopped to help him. The motorist took him to the hospital. Billy ankle is healing fine, now.
He walked to several businesses and gave out resumes then went home. After days of trying, George began to wait on calls. Later, a company called George with a job offer for him.
But nothing seemed to work. Then Philip found out his father in law loved watching dog shows. Phillip bought him tickets for one, and hoped they would bond.
There as a project that had to be completed. Jane knew the project was a big deal for the company. She drove afraid that should she miss the deadline she would be fired.
They looked just like owls, and they were near the tops of buildings. They seemed to be for repelling pigeons. They must really have a pigeon problem to go to such lengths.
I tried to play with the dog. He did not like to play. He bit me really hard.
Perry decided he would lose weight. Perry lost weight yet people still made fun of him. Perry carried the shame with him his whole life.
Three of the four boys splashed into the lake. The fourth boy, still on the cliff, looked down at the boys. They boys looked up at the boy on the cliff with disapproval.
Due to her behavior, the security guards came. They escorted her to the front of the club. She tried fighting back but she couldn't get inside the club again.
But what she thought was a real diamond turned out to be fake. The jeweler only offered her ten dollars for it. Kara was disappointed.
In class, someone excitedly asked her when the baby was due. Angela turned red and said she wasn't pregnant. The woman gasped, and apologized for her mistake.
Then Micah checked the fridge for orange juice, but there wasn't any! Thinking resourcefully, Micah found vanilla ice cream in the freezer. Soon, they were enjoying a delicious strawberry-banana milkshake!
I bought some green tea flavored ones. Back at the hotel I tried it. It ended up tasting really bad.
Al prayed his plan would work this time. He stood in front of the lighthouse and screamed Anna's name. His mother, Anna, turned away and fell into the sea while Al vanished.
One day Mandy snuck a look at it. She noticed Tim was protective because he was cheating. Mandy dumped him.
Afterwards she went home to make it on her own. She got her husband to sample her sauce. He couldn't believe how good it tasted.
He thought he was sober enough. A cop pulled him over. Jake was given several tickets for driving drunk.
One day, he was told that his father was very sick. Knowing his father was on his deathbed, he decided to make peace. He saw and talked to his father one day before he died.
Someone robbed the pair and shot them in their home. Two blocks away, a teenager was shot and killed outside of a store. Police think that all three murders were committed by the same person.
The girl thought Andrew was nice and funny. He invited her to go to a movie with him. She said yes!
So he decided to bring a folding chair to school everyday. Everyone noticed him lugging the chair around. And he became known as the chair carrier.
The doctor said it was just a cold and he gave her some medicine. Sara took the medicine and she got lots of rest. Soon Sara was feeling much, much better.
The toy was damaged and its words were no longer intelligible. The kids decided to pretend the doll was speaking another language. They had fun translating the "words" to each other.
Billy eventually gave up and bought a new hat. When he arrived home, he almost immediately found his lost hat. Now Billy has two favorite hats.
It caused a traffic jam in the city. I was late to practice. I need to leave earlier.
He decides to make a batch of waffles. He serves the waffles with berries and maple syrup. All of Javier's friends are impressed with the brunch he made.
Her boyfriend tried to teach her there. She threw only gutter balls. Her boyfriend wouldn't stop laughing.
One runner tripped and fell on his face. The other runner ran past him and won the race. The runner who tripped congratulated the winner.
When Hank turned twenty, his father gave him the bill. Hank was afraid he would spend it on drugs. Hank put the two-dollar bill in a safe where he could not use it.
Best buy had a xbox one available and decided to get one. We had to wait for almost an hour to get an xbox one. However, at the end it was worth it.
Rick ran along the cage looking at monkey running inside. The monkey stopped and let out a shriek. A scared little Rick ran back to daddy.
But with a pop and skid, the wagon went off the road. Bob had to change a flat tire with the help of his son. They had to cancel the trip to grandma's.
Amy worked harder in the class than previously. The teacher approached Amy and told her she was receiving a D. Amy laughed, happy to receive a passing grade even if it wasn't good.
He looked at the bottom. Finally his mother pointed it out. It turns out it was in Africa.
We really hit it off. After dating for five years I asked her to marry me. I have been happily married with her for ten years now.
Inside the nest was three baby birds. Hannah very carefully picked the nest up and set it in a tree. The mother bird would be happy to find her babies safe.
When my mom got home the laundry was not done. She was mad and punished me. My mom took away my video games for three weeks.
Everyone seemed happy to donate to the UNICEF can. Joe shook out a few coins, then emptied half the can. His teacher looked please when he turned it in.
In the middle of the new story, the lights flickered out. Maddie heard a window shatter, and floorboards creak. A shadowy figure emerged from the hallway, brandishing a noose
His parents helped pull out his tooth. Chase was very scared. When his tooth came out he was relieved.
He went online and asked a friend to call it. He heard it ringing behind the sofa. Phil was able to find it.
Betty's mom was proud that she didn't ask for any help. On the day of the fair, Betty proudly brought her project to class. It suddenly looked pitiful next to the other expert looking projects.
We stayed at a quiet hotel and had dinner. We took the bus back to Boston. We got married a year later.
She decided to make sugar cookies even though she had never before. She mixed up the ingredients and put them in the oven. To her delight her basic sugar cookies were delicious.
He loved it alot so he tried sugar in it as well. When John went to the dentist, he had cavities. John uses creamer only in his coffee now.
I studied everything I could about cinema. But I never managed to turn my passion into a career. Now I have a low paying job and post my movies to Youtube.
He decided to take the day off from work and play a game. Once there it started raining. He couldn't go back to work so he decided to play anyway.
She had mentioned her love of a ring to her friends in front of him. She didn't ask him though. Hannah realized on Christmas morning that she should've asked for it.
Fred told him to sprinkle sugar on it. Tim tried it. Tim thought it was great and never hated jello again.
The sirens went off and they were loud. I was really scared. I had never experienced a tornado before.
I met a siamese cat that I liked. I decided to adopt her. Alas, she died before I could take her home.
Edison decided to drive a car. He crashed his car while driving. Edison is in the hospital.
Jose practiced his soccer skills day in and day out. On the day of tryouts his hours of practice paid off! Jose ended as one of best players in the league.
It was a ball that would make ice cream when you shook it! Walt put all his ingredients into the ice cream ball and shook it. When he opened up the ball, he ate his delicious ice cream.
So I was left to do the work by myself. Since I was by myself, I got extra credit. It was a great experience.
She found one book with many positive reviews. She bought the book. Jenny read the book.
Jane couldn't sleep sometimes, due to the noise of these birds. Jane asked Bonnie to move her bird feeder away from Jane's window. Bonnie complied, and still feeds birds from another location.
Then he went to a library to apply. He got interviews with the fast food place. They hired him the next day.
He really liked her too. They finally went on a date. Not long after they were married!
It was supposed to be just the two of us. Somehow my annoying brother found out. He showed up with a bunch of friends and threw a party.
There was beer at the party. My friends offered me beer. I declined because I was of a strong moral character.
They go out to have brunch on Saturday morning. Vicky eats a delicious stack of pancakes. Vicky and her husband feel well rested after a nice weekend.
Finally she could buy a helicopter tour ticket. She excitedly took the tour. Mabel knew she wanted to go again soon.
I followed the guide and began putting the shed together. All week, I worked hard using power tools and manual labor. After the week was over, I had a very nice shed.
Joan competed and took second place in the tournament. Her friends and family were all very proud. Joan is so happy with her results at the chess tournament.
She liked the work a lot. She didn't like the people, though. Luckily, she was given a private place to work.
He set up a compost heap in his backyard for the peels and shells. The compost decomposed and nourished the plants in Roan's garden. Roan was glad he had come up with such a 'green' idea!
He met Samantha at the restaurant. Charlie accidentally dripped water on his shirt and she laughed. Samantha thought he was funny and agreed to a second date!
And the locals were friendly! But those weren't Neil's favorite things. His favorite thing was the beautiful Irish countryside!
None of the streets seemed to have a phone booth. He finally was able to borrow a phone from a passerby. He placed the call, and his back pocket rang.
The mission was to pick up trash. It found a giant piece of styrofoam. The boat picked it up and helped keep the ocean clean.
She really needed an extension. She asked her teacher for an extension. Luckily her teacher said yes.
Unfortunately the sprayer was broken and Iris got too dark. She looked in the mirror and was bright orange. Iris gasped but remembered it would go away soon.
The dog would not fetch. Tim kept trying for five weeks. Soon, the dog was great at playing fetch.
Until she made them also try the dance. Gina was embarrassed until everyone began to dance. She began to enjoy herself dancing with the class.
She has been trying to make money again. She can't find a job. She decides to use mturks.
When the game started, the opponents ran towards him. Jimmy freaked out and ran on the opposite side of the field. He ended up running towards the streets.
As much as I resisted, I ended up falling asleep. Since I sat in the front row of the class, my teacher can see me. She yelled at me and told me to focus on the lecture.
Joe was surprised when they all confronted him. They told him they knew what he was up to. Now Joe doesn't have any friends to gossip about.
She was very shy and said no, but changed her mind. We had dinner with her at Victoria Station, a steak house. It became her favorite restaurant.
One night, she told her son how badly the dentures hurt. The very next day, a dentist called, confirming her appointment. Her son had gone ahead and paid for new dentures.
One day he let me go a little too soon. I flew right into a table. That day I received two stitches.
Nobody could bring her a key. She called a locksmith. She locksmith charged her $100 to get into her car.
Amy was not prepared for a job standing for hours. She also was twisting her torso as she rang groceries. At the end of the first week Amy's whole torso was sore.
Ever since I had to cut down my trees my house fills with smoke. I think it must be that the wind often blows from the west. Sometimes it is so bad that I want to sell my house!
He learned about the eruption of Mount Vesuvius. He was saddened but filled with awe. All in all, he was very glad he had visited Pompeii.
Jake and all his friends fell before they got there. Some got back up and kept running. Most just laughed and the funny situation.
I decided to roll with it and start dancing after. Everyone thought it was funny I was still ashamed but not nearly as much.
Suddenly, Jordan jokingly sloshed some on Callie. A full fight ensued. Soon both girls were covered in sticky juice.
Rhonda told her husband she didn't care what they had to eat. He knew she wanted sushi. Rhonda finally admitted she wanted sushi.
Soon he had a snowman. Lewy found some green paint. Soon he had a green snowman.
With great excitement, he climbed into the chair lift. There was a foot of fresh powder from a recent storm. Dave jumped off the chair lift and took off down the mountain.
They covered the eggs in ketchup to make them red. They squirted ketchup on the toast, too. My wife was surprised but couldn't eat as she is allergic to tomatoes.
He practices hula hooping at home for weeks. At the party, he showed off his new skills. He impressed everyone by keeping three hoops going at once.
Luckily she made a friend the first day. Her name was lily. The two girls became friends for Years.
She sat at a table with veteran players, who laughed at her. The dealer showed her the rules, and soon she started to catch on. The other players left in shame, as Barbara had won all of their money.
She had no coffee and low blood sugar. Once she got to work she was mean to everyone. She was almost fired over it.
Soon he was golfing like a pro. He realized he loved the game! Ray remained an avid golfer all his life.
She worked hard to make his attendance better. Slowly things improved. Now he has good grades because he is at school more often.
Jack found the game. He paid for it at the register and rushed home. Jack played his new video game all afternoon!
She didn't know what bank they were even talking about. In the end, the truth came out. Sylvia's twin sister was the actual perpetrator.
The kids find lots of eggs. When they get home they open the eggs and find candy. The kids eat all of the candy.
He chose some flowers and some vegetables in pots. Steve dug holes in the yard to insert the young plants. When he was done, Steve stood back and admired his work.
Andrew wasn't careful and he spilled the spaghetti on the floor. His mom was upset that he didn't listen. Andrew had to clean up the mess and was sorry he had upset his mom.
I asked the doctor if it was safe for my daughter. Dr Melgar said it is a low dose and would recommend it. A month after my daughter was on the pill, she was dead from it.
It was game day and I had a feeling I was going to score. The quarterback threw me the ball and I caught it and ran for my life. After forty yards of running, I scored my first touchdown!
She found several videos teaching the itsy bitsy spider. She watched the videos. Lillah performed the songs she learned for her family.
Everyone forgot it was there. Later, when we were cleaning the fridge, we found a fuzzy green thing. It was the cheese, which had gotten moldy!
There was no point in getting them to stop, so I just shook my head. I called for them all to get in the hallway. We all walked together to watch The Polar Express as a school.
One day he tried to scare it out with live music. It ran out and into the house spraying everything. Dad left the skunk alone after that.
The morning of the test, she trembled with fear. But after the procedure, she smiled at herself. The biopsy hadn't actually hurt at all!
Later the hair found its way floating into a restaurant. Tony sat down in the restaurant to order food. He found that same hair resting on his plate when the food arrived.
When it arrives, I climb on the bus and pick my favorite seat. I talk to my friends while the bus drives to the school. 10 minutes later, we're at school!
She quickly walked through the muddy grass. Her shoes were very dirty. Alice was not happy with her choice to go through the grass.
When he got there, he could not decide which fish he wanted. So he ended up buying five different fish. Now he needs several different tanks.
I tried to take some sleeping pills to help me sleep. I fell asleep so hard that I missed my stop. I called my friends and bought a new ticket to meet up with them.
Claire realized she was out of flour. Claire climbed in her car and headed to the store to buy flour. When she returned home she made four dozen sugar cookies.
He tripped over his shoe lace. He felt onto the grass. James ended up bruising his knee from his fall.
Sally struggled to find work without dealing with people. She eventually discovered the delight of satellite internet. Now Sally clicks her way to success pennies at a time.
Then they requested soda, but she insisted her guest deserved better. They asked to check the fridge, but she insisted they stay seated. So finally she settled on tea for the both of them.
Waves pounded the boat and the windows were deluged in water. I began to think this was a bad idea as the boat rocked wildly. Then the skies cleared as we made it to the channel and it was calm.
But for the whole month of April, it poured rain! Stella feared her plants would be drowned. Then, just as the adage said, May brought beautiful flowers after all!
When it arrived, he tore it open eagerly. He scanned it quickly, then sighed with relief. His daughter said she loved camp!
He microwaved chips and cheese in the microwave. The cheese exploded everywhere in his microwave! Jake had to clean the mess up afterwards.
Mark was not used to exercising and it was hard for him. However, he felt really good afterwards. Mark decided he was going to start exercising more often.
His stories that he turned in were always criticized. Ben was determined to become the best writer possible. Ben is all grown up and is now a world famous author.
Katie was getting antsy. Then to her surprise, tom proposed to her at her favorite restaurant. Katie was thrilled.
She was as surprised to see me as I was her. I asked her what on earth she was doing there, on a weekday. She told me the minister had gotten her pregnant.
One day the bird started to fight back. It started to peck and poke at the dog when it came near. Tim's dog doesn't chase the bird anymore.
He showed up every day after classes. He would walk the dogs and play with them. Ben felt so good about helping out!
Lou had no money to buy a nice gift. He decided to bake his mother's favorite pie for her. She was very pleased with the delicious pie.
I noticed a large stream and followed it. It led me deep into the woods. Eventually, I found a large pond in the woods.
She wasn't sure if she agreed with her own. But after researching many other faiths, Sura paused. She realized that she did agree with Buddhism after all.
A few days later, he received another bill. It was a late charge on the water bill. He found out that the bill was sent to the wrong recipient.
Her first pet was a toy dog named Ziggy, who fit in her purse. She had eight hours with Ziggy, and became so attached. She decided to keep Ziggy, and never gave him back!
His guitar got stolen from his house. He couldn't afford to buy a new one. His life was never the same without his guitar.
My old school photo was funny and so were all my friend's photos. I got so caught up reminiscing that I lost track of time. The day was almost over and I hadn't cleaned anything.
He put on some warm clothes. Then, he trudged through the snow. Finally, he made it to the bank.
I hate spicy food! But, I decided to eat it. My mouth was burning and I cried!
No one paid much attention to him. One day, a nice family found him and cut his nails. Little Caesar was now happy until the day he died.
Cal searched everywhere, looking in all the obvious places. He put his hands in his pockets in frustration. Which of course is where Cal found his keys.
So she went to the flower nursery. There, she bought flower bulbs. She planted them and watched her flowers spring up!
He went to the bowling alley 4 times a week during the summer. His average improved from a 61 to a 73. Now Terrell was not as terrible as he was when he started.
Ted yawned and poured his cereal into the bowl. He opened up the fridge and saw no milk. He let out a sigh and made himself toast instead.
And he found herbal medicine online. The medicine made him feel much better. But he learned it only contained water and powder.
A small brown dog jumped with joy when she saw Amy's mom. Amy's mom brought the small brown dog home to Amy. Amy cried tears of joy when she saw the small brown dog.
She let them cook for 4 hours. Afterwards she shredded her chicken with a fork. She served the chicken on a tortilla shell.
Robbie was a bit nervous because he's latino. He felt that he needed to be good or else he would be ridiculed. Once at the club he loosened up and did great.
Kevin forced the FDA to inspect him by doing food processing. He gives out free samples to anyone who's curious. Kevin wants to help save the world, and make money doing it.
he gave up a lot of home runs He was pulled from the game I left disappointed
On her first day, everyone was friendly. She liked her new coworkers. Hannah decided she loved her new job.
Jerald bought the sedan. The next day the sedan wouldn't start! Jerald got a mechanic to fix his car.
Yesterday she went to a dozen stores. She ended up spending a thousand dollars. To her however, it was quite worth it.
They both had one baby last week. We sell the cattle for money. Now, we have eleven cows to sell.
He struggled for a bit but he couldn't use both hands. He held on to the bag with his teeth and pulled. The bag opened suddenly and potato chips flew everywhere!
The package advised not to thaw it outside the fridge. But Adam didn't see what could go wrong. A few hours after eating the burrito, he began to feel sick.
He graduated but couldn't find a job. Sam met his future wife in the unemployment line. Sam ended up being happy without being an actor.
The saw gave him a hard time so he took a break. The man laid down on the roof to unwind a bit. In doing so he carelessly dropped the saw from the roof.
One day he hears a scream from the distance. He rushes to the sound and realizes it is a person drowning. He saves the person and brings them back to shore.
The snow was actually going to work in her favor for this request. She placed large bowls outside to capture freshly fallen snow. Karen added chocolate coconut milk to the snow to make snow-cream.
Haley asked Drew if they're in the right place. Drew forgot that the beach was south instead of east. They decided to stay at the beach until the end of the day.
Eventually they met in the middle. When they stood back they could see differences in painting style. The touched up each other's side to make it look more uniform.
Eventually he grew up to get diabetes. By the time he was 30 he needed a foot to be amputated. He died in his early forties.
There they began to eat but saw a guy sitting alone by himself. Janice said hi to him and they started talking. Eventually, the guy went and sat with them and they all ate together.
In her bag, she had some bread. She tore it up and put it on the ground. Then, the ducks came and ate it.
When he started using it, he heard a beep. He began to dig all day. At the end of the day, he just found an anchor.
Selena was no longer interested in him. He went to a diner and ate away the pain. He has to learn to get over her.
The school go to the speech pathologist involved. She observed Eli and found he did have a speech problem. She worked to get speech services in place.
So he tried to catch it with his mouth like his dog. But Carl hurt his mouth and broke teeth. Carl's brother felt very embarrassed.
The public found out how much I was paying myself. Many people got angry and soon I was making national headlines! I was forced to step down as CEO of the non-profit.
She typed one sentence and had no more ideas. To get her imagination going again, she decided to turn on the radio. As soon as a new soon started, she started typing.
She grabbed her things and headed for the door. She hated school and hoped it were a real fire. To her dismay it was only a drill.
It landed on the road before me, I had to drive over it. It got caught in the back tire axle of my car. It seized my tires, but luckily I called my husband and he saved me!
Then I took a job where I started at two in the morning. I started drinking coffee to get through my shift. Now I need coffee every single morning.
Every week, she'd win some money. But it was rarely as much as she spent. Hope can be dangerously addictive.
He called her and told her to get ready. Angel wore a beautiful blue dress. Adam told Angel she looked very lovely.
Jenny didn't realize what a terrible driver she was. She was all over the road! Jenny was glad when the wild ride was over.
There was no answer on the other end. After repeated attempts to discover the caller she hung up. Amy was certain it was the mean girls from school harassing her.
But her mom knew what she wanted, and she felt sad about it . So she purchased yarn and began to knit Kim's sweater herself. Kim loved her homemade sweater more than any other sweater ever!
Beth wrote her roommate a note asking that she buys her own. The next day Beth noticed that she did buy her own. Beth wrote another note saying thank you to her roommate.
His neighbors complained that the lights were too bright at night. In a bitter move, Jay added even more lights to his mailbox. Now it could be seen from the far end of the street.
A few years passed and she returned to the school. She was now beautiful and got lots of attention. She won homecoming queen and was well liked by everyone.
We were stopped at a stoplight. I flashed my high beams at him. He noticed and turned his lights on.
Been applied all over town to restaurants and stores. Finally, he got a couple of interviews. Ben took a job as a waiter.
His co-workers told him that he should see a doctor. After work he went to see his doctor. The doctor gave Eric some pills and said he would be fine.
They drove her crazy. She decided she needed a break. She ran away to find peace.
When Joseph Seph Seph Eph awoke, the air was cold and the sky was darkening. Jo went to leave, but the door to the rooftop was locked. The landlord heard her pounding and found Jo shivering on the roof.
Getting hacked would be awful. He bought some great virus software. He didn't worry anymore!
One day two were stolen. She couldn't figure out who stole them. Finally her brother gave them back.
But as she stayed there longer, she got used to it. She even found herself drinking more tea. At the end of the semester, Ella drank as much tea as any Brit!
One evening, Jarvis found a treasure chest! Jarvis sold the find to a museum. Jarvis used his money to travel in search of new treasure.
When Dan asked for the book back, his friend could not find it. Dan's friend had lost one of his most valuable comic books! Dan was furious that his friend lost his comic book.
They were predicting over two feet of snow! Jeff threw open his window curtains. He was surprised to find they'd made an accurate forecast for once.
I felt sad about how much time had passed. I decided to call my wife. When she answered we talked for an hour.
They drove together to Vermont one fall day. Mason picked a basket of delicious apples that day. He was so proud that his dream of seeing Vermont came true.
His second Choice is Brown. Marty received his letters in the mail. He was elated that he got accepted to both.
At the pier, he saw college students getting on a small boat. He asked them where is the party? He got on the boat with the students and the took him to the party.
He looked at all of the sneakers on the wall. He found a pair that cost twenty five dollars. They had a Napster logo on the bottom so Charles bought them.
Some of the kids teased the new boy. Amy stood up for the boy and became his friend. Many years later, Amy and the boy fell in love and were married.
However, someone told him that we wasn't an athlete. The teacher challenged the man to a one on one match of basketball. He ended up winning by 12 points.
When it didn't show up, he called the restaurant. They told him that it was lost. He gave them better instructions and they brought him the pizza.
Carrie was good at math and hated when Eugena copied her work. One day Carrie hid her paper from Eugena so she couldn't copy. Eugena got so mad she stabbed Carrie in the arm with her pencil.
It needed new batteries. The sound was annoying. Jake replaced the batteries to make it stop.
I sat at my desk staring at the blank piece of paper. I decided to write a story about my favorite movie. I was able to finish the story in time for class the next day.
I got into the tub. The water felt so good on my tired body. I stayed in the bath until the water went cold.
But there were people in horrifying costumes standing among the rows. Someone jumped out with a chainsaw and Jesse and his friends ran. They ran fast to the end of the maze, completely out of breath.
She sat nervously in her seat. She almost fainted when they got into the sky. A flight attendant gave her water and she felt fine afterwards.
All Ali could think about was the bully who gave her a mean scowl. The bully would be at the museum as well. June assured Ali she was being paranoid and suggest she relax.
When a thunderstorm occurred, they decided to stay in a pavilion. The weather cleared up and they left the park. The thunderstorm occurred again on the ride home.
When I got home, I began preparing the meal. After an hour of work, my tacos were done. I sat down, watched tv and enjoyed the tacos.
Quickly, she began digging through her mom's purse. Luckily, she managed to find several quarters. She used the coins to buy ice cream.
They had fun around the campfire on the first night. A bear ate all their food the next day while Dave and Bob were hiking. Dave chuckled and told Bob he was right about the trip.
After a couple months, Matt felt competent enough to start a book. It took him two years, but he finished it. He ended up getting published and made a decent salary from it.
And she had forgotten her cell phone at home! She had instructions for how to change her tire. She was so proud when she managed to do it herself!
As soon as it's in, he hooks up the boat to the back of his truck. He takes one last look at the back and starts the vehicle. At last, he's on his way to his destination.
My niece told me that she hopes the baby is a girl. That was a bit surprising since she has always said she wants a boy. When I ask her she just shook her head, pointing at the bathroom.
My mom and dad slept in and the cereal sat for an hour. When they got up they were very happy to see they had breakfast ready. They told me next time they will make breakfast and I could sleep in.
It was large in diameter. She called the local conservation service to have the tree cataloged. The conservationist applauded Meghan's discovery.
Her finger landed on where she already lived! Her vacation turned into a staycation. She discovered places in her town she had never seen before.
I found shade under a nice tree. I laid out and stretched. Then the paramedics arrived thinking I was a dead body.
Sally's grandfather is an excellent fisherman. Sally asked her grandpa to teach her one afternoon. At the end of the day Sally finally caught a fish.
The instructor was impressed with Sue's skills. He gave Sue her new license and waved goodbye. As Sue waved back, she backed up into  the mailbox!
He chose to write about beavers. He learned all about beavers and how they live. He loved how they built dams.
He wins 3 more times, and then enters a losing streak. Eric keeps betting hoping to get his money back. Eric ends up betting more than he won, and goes home frustrated.
She didn't see that there was a crack raising the sidewalk. She stumbled over the large, raised crack. Gina spilled half her chips on the sidewalk.
He was so happy when she came in. He looked to see what she had brought. She had brought home a dozen donuts!
He kept me up most nights for about a month. I became unproductive at work due to the lack of sleep. Now I sleep on the couch and my dog gets the whole bed.
Wanda was so upset that she looked for another church. Finally, she found one that she wanted to visit. Wanda really enjoyed her new church and everyone was kind.
Matt couldn't find Jimmy. Matt ended up having to call the cops. The cops led him back.
The supervisor looked up the part and saw that one was mislabeled. The supervisor told Greg to make a new label for the mislabeled one. After Greg made the label, there was no more confusion with parts.
She was plunged into the darkness. She was really afraid of the dark and quickly got out of the tub. She ran out of the bathroom and into the light.
I decided to murder her so I could get the money. Alas, the police arrested me after I murdered her. I was sentenced to prison and the money was given away to charity.
He looked everywhere in the store for it. Thankfully someone had turned the wallet into lost and found. Mike was happy he had his wallet and his milk.
He put the star on the top most branch pointing upwards. The star was so large compared to the tree however. The tree couldn't support the ornament, and he had to get a new one.
Avery was distracted, so he burned the trout. Avery laughed it off, but the girl was not pleased. She said he wasted food, and promptly ignored him.
Vince noticed he had a lot of dirty laundry and decided to wash it. After loading the clothes into the washer, he began to wait. After drying the clothes, Vince had a nice outfit to wear.
He looked through the phone book for a reliable mechanic. Mandy found a shop owned by Oriel. Mandy decided to hire Oriel as his mechanic.
Unfortunately it was now late February and still no snow! Finally the first week in March he woke to six inches. He finally got to try out his Christmas sled.
She started to become promoted and was very successful. She landed an interview for her dream job as an executive. When she landed the job she knew all the work was worth it.
One day he went to a paint festival, paint was flying everywhere! Out of nowhere, red paint splashed onto his plain belt! Scott was sad that his plain belt had been ruined.
My sister started crying and told my mom I was calling her Names. My mom said "I can't punish her if you don't tell me what names!" My sister was in great distress and I did not get in trouble.
This was to be Amy's first time out to sea. Amy became nauseous and dizzy. Till this moment Amy never realized how terrible sea sickness was.
He did make a lot of good points with his argument though. His guidance counselor recommended he join the debate team. Steven's arguing skills helped the team win a championship that year.
Her mattress was old too and was very uncomfortable to sleep on. With her first paycheck, Ruby went out and purchased a new mattress. It was the best investment she made and helped her to sleep better.
There was a 10 car pile-up a half mile down the road. He asked the rescue team if they needed any help. The man spent the rest of the day helping the rescue team.
I looked at everyone of them and they seem average. However, I decided to go to the Apple section and buy a Mac. Ever since I went Mac I never went back.
This morning I did not have my favorite tea. I ran out of tea yesterday and forgot to buy more. I am going to buy more of my favorite tea after work.
She took five hundred dollars and bet it all on one game. She lost everything. Molly never went back to the casino again.
It's his girlfriend's birthday and he had a party planned for her. He takes the job anyway. His girlfriend is so angry that she dumps him.
She decided to undo the drain. When she did she found clumps of her hair. The tub now drains just fine.
He sat down on his couch that was dirty. Dust flew up everywhere. Michael got a panic attack.
He soon met a guy named Jeff. Jeff was really mean. Michael regretted ever meeting him.
She raised the seeds to seedlings before transplanting. Unfortunately she had gotten the seeds mixed up. She had peppers and her sister had tomatoes.
So his coach gets him a tutor. She helps him bring his grades up so that he can play. Tim and the tutor start dating and fall in love.
She went to the jewelry store, but couldn't afford anything there. She ended up at the candle store where they were having a sale. Sandra bought her mother two scented candles for Christmas.
He moved the dog to a more comfortable blanket. The new blanket smelled of another animal. The dog got up quickly, leaving sleep behind in the dust.
There were also lots of fish in the same tank. He asked his dad why the sharks didn't eat them. He stumped his father with that question.
Robert's friend Julio asked if he could fix a problem with his laptop. Robert fix the laptop for Julio free of charge. Julio thanked him with an invitation to a premium computer conference.
Then he found out he had no milk! He didn't want to go to the store since it was early in the morning. He compromised and ate his cereal dry.
The titans were winning. The crepes were severely losing. The titans defeated all the crapes.
Taro was very sad and wanted to cry. Hiroshi said he was very sorry and didn't do it on purpose. Taro told him it is alright, the model car isn't important anyways.
Everyone jumped on Charlie. Nobody was able to get the coin from him. Charlie laughed and the boys went to get ice cream.
However, she continued to drive without being nervous. When she tried to drive home, her car shut down. The engine shut down and she remained in the middle of the road.
He became addicted to heroin. Eventually he became a drug dealer. Then, the police arrested him and sentenced him to prison.
He loved to just go for a drive around town. One day, he was driving and got hit by another car. Luckily, he was not hurt, and his insurance paid for the repairs.
He decided to save his money until he had $100. He saved his money for ten weeks. His mother took him shopping at his favorite store.
While they watched, one came very close. Then, it stretched out its trunk and grabbed her daddy's hat! Mary laughed and thought it was the funniest zoo trip ever!
Tracy went to the pet store to get flea medicine for Bob. The pet store was out of medicine. Bob still has fleas.
It wouldn't heat up. He checked the water heater. It was broken and needed to be replaced.
She headed over to the house and met the parents as well as the kid. Jennifer and the kid had fun while the parents were out. When they came back, she and the kid hugged before she went home.
She visited food stands and rented a bike. But hours later, Alice's family couldn't find her. Alice had to visit a police station to find her family.
The hotel was underwater. The girls looked and saw sharks. They immediately booked the room again for next year.
Jamal is confident in his ability to pass. Jamal aces the exam. Jamal becomes a police officer.
They said they had lost his clothes! Alan was angry and unhappy. They had to reimburse him for the cost of his clothes.
Jane's parents thought the new Bill looked too dangerous for her. Jane's parents insisted that she spend her time with a better man. Bill changed his look back, and started dating Jane.
He then spread some more around the perimeter of his house. He put up clear signs of poison to warn his neighbors. When finished, Ted felt satisfied with his work.
I hated getting a flat tire. I would have to lock up the bike and pick it up later in a car. I cannot ride anymore, so I don't have bike flat tires.
He would just sit in front of the AC unit all day. One day the overworked air conditioner died. Lane mourned its loss with sweat on his brow.
One day he stood by the door whining. He caught my attention to let him out, but it was too late. Finley had peed right there by the door.
That morning when he handed in his project he was embarrassed. The other kids had clearly put more work into their art. His teacher looked disappointed as she took it from him.
It showed animals being abused for food. Vick decided to never eat meat again. Vick hasn't eaten meat for over 10 Years!
Both of the kids were excited, and wanted to feed the little goat. Every time my youngest got close he would throw the feed at the goat. After ten minutes of trying, the little guy finally fed the goat.
Bill sighed as he put his tools in the trunk of his car. He was going to spend his weekend traveling. Bill fixed her car but missed out on the quiet weekend.
A man stuck his arm out and fired a gun. Jerome was hit and killed by three bullets! Poor Jerome was the victim of a drive-by shooting.
Brent put on his camouflage gear. Brent was not able to hunt a deer. Brent went home disappointed.
As soon as his head touched the fan, he got smacked in the head. When I tried to see if he was okay, he couldn't stop crying. My mom tried to disinfect the bruise on his head.
She pulled out a bag hidden under a counter. Amy asked why it was hidden. The co-worker told her she hides things till they are on sale.
They hadn't been separated this long. Time ran off into class excited. His mother wept in the car for an hour.
I got in my car and drove to the event. I got out and walked around the festival. I bought a few cool treats and items.
She walked home slowly reveling in her pain. Amy's mother tried to get her to talk, but Amy refused. Her mother felt helpless as her daughter dragged herself to her room.
The person on the other line was breathing on the phone. I felt nervous and asked who is on the phone. After several minutes, he hanged up.
One day, her sister told Nelly to stop following her. After school, Nelly couldn't remember the way home. Arriving home in tears, Nelly confessed why she followed her sister.
Hours later he got really sick and was rushed to the hospital. He was having an allergic reaction to nuts. The lady who baked the cake unknowingly used nuts for the frosting.
Everyone was used to seeing him with long, wavy hair. So his friends and colleagues gave him weird stares. But Bill was happy that his head was cooler.
The game started with Jacob as the goalie. The opponents shot the ball several times. Jacob saved all of the goals and won the soccer game!
Their favorite part is feeding the ducks. The ducks are friendly today and eat from their hands. They finally have to go home, but they are excited for next week!
I decided to shovel the snow for my parents. They were very happy when I finished all of the shoveling. My parents bought me a new game for all of my hard work.
Upon purchasing it, he decided to take it on the highway. Craig made the bad decision to speed on the highway. He got into an accident and ruined his brand new car.
But on Christmas eve, his mom called him downstairs. There, Chris's dad, in Santa costume, was leaving presents. Chris's faith in Santa Claus was renewed!
He asked if she needed anything. Ianna decided to give her a paper with a book she was looking for. The worker immediately found it.
She smiled as she told them about their prior examinations. She could no longer contain her giddiness. Her entire class had passed with flying colors!
Bill and his friends were eager to try the new ride. When the gates opened they ran to the new coaster. They couldn't believe how fast it went, riding it ten times that day!
She had no choice but to use cold water. After she got out of the shower, she heard a knock at the door. She got a letter that said she was months late on her heating bill.
She felt she missed him while doing errands today. Her older sister went over to help her feel better. We made plans to see her soon.
However, he accidentally fell asleep. When he woke up, he ran to the oven. He found out that the chicken was burnt.
After working hard for Years to earn money, Zack bought a zoo. He began slowly building his collection of animals. Zack's zoo has become very large and successful!
She decided to make some life changes. She started seeing a life coach. It made a world of difference!
He felt humiliated but was determined to make an impression. He swaggered on stage swinging his hips with gusto. Everyone laughed and Mark got rave reviews in the school paper.
At first Jonas has headaches when he doesn't smoke. However, eventually he can go a day without smoking and feel OK. Jonas is very proud that he has successfully quit smoking.
Afterwards there is a knock on the door. As soon as Jack opens the door he flattens the guy on the other side. Jack's scared when she tells him the man is a cop, not her attacker,
She wanted to see if it would go well. Her horoscope told her she'd have great success on that day. Anna was relieved and encouraged.
Instead he acted passive aggressive. His roommate confronted him about it. Tim apologized and ran to his room.
When I made my first pass at the ramp I was going too fast. I flew off of my sled and landed in the snow. I was okay and decided not to use the ramp.
The tickets were already in an envelope in the living room. As Amber cried her mom tried not to laugh. Amber cried when she opened the tickets on her birthday.
I didn't know how. My friend recommended I use a pivot table. I used a pivot table and it worked great!
When he opened the milk a foul odor filled the room. Ken checked the expiration date on the gallon. It was almost a month old and Ken threw it away.
My greyhound's ears perked right up and he stared down at the track. The race began and that hound was determined to run one more race. I managed to hold him back, but I always wondered if might have won.
Albert grew tired of the stories and stopped talking to the girl. She realized what she was missing and told Albert how she felt. Albert forgave her and the two began to date.
While driving on the highway he runs over something and gets a flat. He pulls over to the side of the road and waits for help. Help arrives and helps him fix his flat.
Lucy's grandma was cooking and wouldn't take her. She wanted to wake grandpa, but grandma forbade it. Lucy was stuck at the house until he awoke on his own.
Christina married young to the only boy I had ever seen her with. I knew when she would visit her folks by the sounds of her loud car. Christina had a horrific car accident and has extensive brain damage.
I dressed warmly and headed out. When I got home, my fingers and toes were numb from cold. It took me an hour to warm up again!
She went to the mall and visited some shops. Jane bought paint and some pictures to hang on the walls. After an entire day of work, Jane's house was very pretty now.
They were placed where they would get plenty of sun. Once sprouted she transplanted them into small pots. Now, she keeps a shelf of herbs growing at all times.
Her trip out of town had gone longer than expected. On her first call she got no answer. She decided she would call back later that evening.
The teacher heard about it. She sat him down in a meeting. She mad him stop telling myths.
She applied at hotels, banks, and stores. She was confident she would receive an offer from one of them. After 2 weeks she hadn't heard back from any of them
He dresses like it's 1915 and not 2015. Last night, he wore a top hat. I can't wait to see what he wears tonight at dinner!
They made up a new game called street ball. They played it all afternoon. Greg was happy he wasn't bored anymore.
She was so thrilled! She rode the horse down the trail as the jockey led her. Jai knew she would remember her amazing experience forever!
The bread and drinks were delivered late. The entrees arrived only minutes after the appetizers. We still gave a good tip, as the waitress was nice.
One day, his girlfriend bought him briefs as a present. Sean was disappointed but decided to try them. He fell in love with briefs.
My family was trapped in our house for days. We lived for a while until the roads were cleared. After the storm, we went back to business as usual.
They acquired many great players for this season who would perform. After a while, it looked like the warriors would be the best team. In the end, they won the world championship!
When he said the answer out loud, the official declared it wrong. Afterwards, the right answers was announced. Jason argued that he said the same answer with a different accent.
He hit the weight room all winter long and also worked on his speed. He surprised all the coaches at tryouts in the spring. He made the team and scored a bunch of touchdowns for the team.
He started reading books right away. By the end of the month he had read 52 different books. A few days later, he learned that he won the the prize!
Because of the snow day, kids cheered. Many went out to play in the snow. It was a nice little vacation for the kids.
Her friends helped her practice every day for a month. The day of tryouts came and Meg's friends cheered her on. Meg made the team!
There was also a dance. After it was over, the audience played more games. Eventually, the show was over.
Then he decided to teach himself to play it. He studied the music daily. Soon he was a very talented pianist!
The box is big enough for my son's friends to play too. The sandbox has been a real hit amongst the children. I am going to build another box for more kids to play in.
She kept them warm under the incubator. In a few weeks they hatched into chicks. Kell was so pleased with her cute baby chicks!
It was spotless and ready to be mopped. All of a sudden her little brothers burst in and made a big mess. She had to start all over again.
They would need a shower and toilet to use. Tami told him she would call a plumber if he didn't so something. Faced with an ultimatum, Tami's husband got to work immediately.
Bob picked up a few other things while shopping. When Bob decided that he was done, he checked out and headed home. When Bob got home, he realized that he forgot to buy milk.
The doctors said he would never walk again. But, Bob was adamant in learning to walk and he practiced hard. Eventually, Bob was able to walk again!
Matt told Kyle what he could do to improve his game, and Kyle listened After a few more days at camp, Kyle begin to beat Matt in games. Matt then asked Kyle to help him improve his basketball skill.
It took them two hours to figure out the right path back out. The sun set and it got dark before they finished their hike. When they emerged from the woods they felt a great sense of relief.
He thought he wanted to be a successful artist. One day, he became very interested in politics. His strong determination to succeed made him very well known.
He didn't know who it was for. He loved wearing it. His roomates made fun of him because it was a woman's coat.
The sun was very hot. Sally forgot sunscreen Sally had to go home.
The run down shed was supposed to be removed at my landlord's expense. My husband and I agreed that I should stay home to take care of these. Not surprisingly, no one ever showed up.
The doctor said he had a terrible infection and needed an operation. Paul woke up from the surgery and seen his foot had been amputated. He became chronically depressed because of the amputation.
One day, Rex saw a little bird hopping on the street. Rex managed to get off his chain and took the bird by surprise. He grabbed the bird and swallowed it, to the horror of all the kids.
They stepped onto the ice and he fell. He was laughing and she helped him up. They had a fun afternoon at the rink.
She thought he'd be shy and afraid. She worried about it all day. When she picked him he was laughing and full of stories!
One day Tim made the winning basket. Kimberly planted a kiss on his cheek. Tim got a bloody nose and ran off in embarrassment.
She walked into the room scared. Then she took the test. It was easier than she was thought.
Amy decided she would pack her own lunch. Amy made a sandwich, and grabbed chips to go with. At lunch her friends made fun of her homemade lunch.
When she arrived, she set her cookies on the table and waited. They sold out within an hour! Kalyn was so pleased to have done well for her club.
They soon realized they were getting broken into. They called the police and hid in the bathroom. Needless to say, they moved out and found a better neighborhood.
There I spent forever looking for one. I finally found the perfectly awesome choice. But it didn't fit when I went back to my car.
She had read all of her books. Her mother told her next week she would go back to school. Sally was so excited to be back with her friends.
She used the money instead on clothes. She spent all of the money in her bank account. She now has no money.
As she walked home from class she checked her missed texts. Her mother wanted her to get milk. Gina happily stopped at the store to buy the milk.
Me and my opponent wrestled a great match. I ended up getting him in a choke hold. He tapped out.
He put on jacket and headed out the door. The wind hit his face with a mighty chil. He turned around and decided to cook instead.
The sounds and smells woke up all his roommates. They all wanted food too. Bill wound up making them breakfast as well.
Chris gets called into his manager's office. Chris receives a promotion. Chris celebrates with his friends.
Snow was piled high atop her car. Gina could barely see her white car. All she could see where the black tires.
Greg did not want to watch any more games. However he wanted to support his team. Greg watched the next game, hoping for the best.
She went to a Starbucks in the supermarket and they refused her. She drove to a store and got a frappachino for free. I wonder why the supermarket Starbucks could not help her.
One day during their trip he was ambushed by armed ruffians! They held him at gunpoint and stole his bulls! Bill was sad at the loss of his entire livelihood.
The next day, the teacher announced what the exam covered. He also passed the exam packet. Ian became nervous since he studied the wrong material.
John and I played in the sand. We splashed our feet in the water. I had so much fun, I was exhausted!
She looked at her milk carton to see the expiration date. And it expired two days ago. She figured nothing bad would happen and kept drinking.
On the day of the play, they put on their costumes and makeup. They sang and danced and performed for a large crowd. The audience clapped and cheered for the children.
Tom put bread in the toaster and went back to his room. His parents smelled smoke and quickly turned off the toaster. Tom was never allowed to make food by himself again.
When he went to the appointment, it was the wrong day. He apparently wrote it for the wrong date. Now Jim double checks his appointments.
I hope to do well on my exams. I have been taking practice tests and using flashcards. I am confident that I will ace the tests.
His roommate was a teammate from the high school track team. Thomas came home and caught his roommate stealing the furniture. Thomas tried to stop him but was shot and killed by his roommate.
Cheryl lived alone and had no pets. She couldn't find her cell phone on her nightstand. Cheryl hid under her bed until morning.
At we show she found a piece she really liked. Kelly then decided to buy it. When she bought it it looked great in her room.
I tried to make it up to her by complimenting her appearance. Instead of continuing to be angry she was ecstatic. When I laughed at that she called me a jerk.
I went off on my own on the mountain. I took a black diamond trail. I had a very bad accident.
It shattered as it hit the metal sink basin just right. Cal carefully picked up the pieces of the plate. He cleaned up all the ceramic shards without cutting himself.
She went to a nice quiet coffee shop, instead. The barista told her she'd just missed Chris Adler! Mary didn't know that was Megadeth's guitarist.
Unfortunately, they had already spent a lot for the buffet price. So, they made sure to take some leftovers. That way they didn't feel so guilty.
He trained for hours. James made great progress. James ended up making the team!
They debated over the perfect gift. On Christmas, they handed Tim his gift. He was so pleased to unwrap his phone card!
The two cars spun off the road. Both drivers got out of their car without injury. Allison learned to always be attentive while driving.
On the first trip I put a big dent in the side. I felt bad and decided to have it fixed. I regret buying an expensive boat and wish I would have not splurged.
One day she visited Washington State to try Pacific salmon. She loved how it tasted. From that day forward, salmon was Maxine's favorite fish.
The dealer says that Sam must first pass a credit check. The dealer tells Sam that Sam's credit is very bad. Sam was forced to by a bicycle instead.
When Nina confronted her, she became even meaner. Nina was so upset, she didn't know what to do. Luckily, the girl left.
The customer states there is hair in the food. The customer wants a refund. Jay had to give it to her.
Her friend held her hand while they pierced her ears. Tori was surprised to find it barely hurt at all! Now she shows off her pierced ears with pride.
She went over and introduced herself and they started to talk. They became great friends and talked a long time. When the storm passed, they decided to go eat together.
One day, his doctor told him about an experimental surgery. Will prayed on it, and decided to undergo the surgery. It was a successful miracle, and Will could walk again.
Steve was nervous that he wouldn't play well under pressure. The coach convinced him to come to one practice as a tryout. Steve performed well with everyone watching and ended up joining!
But it wasn't the truffles she had thought. It was the fungi truffles, not the candy truffles. She wasn't happy the rest of the dinner.
Then one day his teacher made an announcement. They had a new student, a Mexican girl named Ora! Omar and Ora quickly became great friends!
His grandparents didn't own a cell phone at the time. One day, Will got a random call on his cell phone. He answered it and was surprised to hear from his grandparents.
She didn't know anyone She sat alone at her lunch table. Some nice girls came up and sat with her.
I began to follow his advice while eating. I ate healthy foods for months and felt a change. Even at an old age, I felt healthy again.
She had no idea how it would work out. She went in shaking. Luckily when she walked out she got the job.
He was nervous but did well. He scored a touchdown. Everyone cheered him on.
When the lights dimmed, he watched eagerly. Soon he saw his little girl playing her role. He was so moved, he nearly cried!
I went outside to see where the noise was coming from. It was coming from my next door neighbor's house. I went over and ask him to turn the music down.
Sandy continued talking to her boyfriend on the phone. As Sandy was leaving, Sandy saw Jim right by the door. Sandy realized that Jim was eavesdropping on her conversation.
Alfredo buys a great stereo system on sale at a local store. He sets it up at home and it sounds great! Alfredo feels happy now that he has a new stereo system at home.
She finally finished it. He tried it on but it was way too small. She had accidentally used his little brother's shirt as a guide!
I would slide really fast. I broke my arm one slide. I had to get a bright green cast.
I'm going to build a fire. That way, I can cook these hot dogs. I don't want them to go bad.
He can't sleep the night before they are set to fly to Denver. But by the time he gets on the plane he is exhausted. He is so tired that he sleeps all the way through the flight.
They had to wear shoes to walk from the sand to the water. It was so hot they burned their feet otherwise! Fortunately the water was still cool and refreshing.
He found out a lot of facts about the mafia. There was so much information to learn! Neil found Sicily very educational.
Amy ate the burrito and was unimpressed. That night she dreamed of the burrito. Amy ended up eating Chipotle for 5 days straight.
She decided to walk around the perimeter of the playground. She hoped it would look like she was exercising. She wanted to avoid looking pathetic.
Patricia told stories about her creations to her parents. In school, Patricia developed an interest in making things as well. Patricia would later become a mechanical engineer.
She decided to check it out and downloaded it. It turned out that was a virus. Dani immediately deleted it and cleaned the virus from her phone.
Mike looked at his friend's answers. The teacher caught Mike cheating. The teacher was very disappointed.
He went to the store and bought lots of stuff. When he got home he made her a giant breakfast. She was so full and happy!
Randy taunted the player with a soft lob of a pitch. The player swung hard and missed. The crowd roared with laughter at the terrible display.
We acted out the scenes and filmed them. After that, we edited the footage. When we were done, the skit looked great.
Gina's car was having a hard time getting up the hill. She realized she would need to back up to get up the hill. Just then a van pulled up behind her and she was unable to back up.
The orientation was a grand celebration. John had a great time at the orientation. John thought it was silly that he almost did not attend.
Then her mom offered a solution. She let Macy borrow her old bridesmaid's dress. Macy loved the gorgeous new "prom" dress!
He went online and researched how best to fix the bike up. He purchased what he needed and spent many hours working on it. After a few days, Frank was finished and the bike was like new.
When he turned around, his two cats were lapping it up. He gave them a minute. They seemed grumpy when he wiped up the spill.
Some of them were successful and others were not. I eventually found the one i was looking for. We got married and have two kids now.
While he was speaking, I checked my schedule. The database states that all of my classes were dropped. Before freaking out, I went to the registration's office.
No matter how long she set the timer the clothes wouldn't dry. She learned that the heating element had broken. London had to take all her wet clothes to the laundromat.
He resisted his first instinct to run. Instead, he stood his ground and waved his arms to look bigger. The bear finally turned and wandered off the other way.
I could never seem to type them correctly. One time, I missed ten captcha codes in a row! Amazon decided to ban me.
However, everyone hated it. Tim began to cry. He then was happy when he realized his dog loved the stew.
Her boss took her downtown to take a bus home. There were only a few buses so they were all packed. Amy had to stand on an overcrowded bus 20 minutes to get home.
Alan learned the price of an oil change and it was too high. Alan went home and learned how to change the car's oil himself. He saved a lot of money by doing that.
She let the first few lines of the song play waiting for nostalgia. After 1 minute she turned the radio off. She was still sour on the song after all this time.
I was an only child up till that point. Being honest, not much had changed. I was old enough that it didn't even seem like I had a sibling.
She didn't call Ben, so he sadly thought he'd lost. Then she announced first place, and she named him. She had been saving the best for last!
Ed's father said the old laptop wouldn't work. Ed asked his father if he had tried pushing the power button. Ed's father pushed the power button, and the laptop started working.
After jumping in, I remembered that I left my phone in my pocket. I climbed out of the water to check on my phone, but it was broken. I had to leave my friend's house to get a new phone.
The pollen in the area made him have a reaction. A bystander helped Adam breathe and called an ambulance. Adam won't run in the spring again.
He went to the many temples scattered throughout the city. He also ate the traditional Asian meals they sold on the street. Beijing was easily his favorite city in China!
He barged on the bathroom door. But it took 15 more minutes for his sister to get out. Ian ran into the bathroom so quickly that he slipped on the floor.
She heard crying from behind one of the large trees. There was a little girl who had become lost from her family. Alice helped her find them and the family was very grateful.
Around night time, Jane saw Dan in front of her house. He told her to look outside. She noticed a car wrapped with a large bow tie.
Her mom said she should start by feeding and caring for them. Sara began to spend every day brushing and talking to the oldest. After a few months, she realized she was no longer afraid at all.
He started to cry. The doctor said it would heal in two weeks. Tim decided to never play in the grass again.
One day, they caught him in the act. They were fed up and kicked him out. Remy left and tried to find a new place to live.
Tyler ran after the pretty girl. He stopped her and started a conversation. The pretty girl was flattered, and gave Tyler her number.
Since he liked chess, she made him custom chess pieces. He was delighted to receive the gift. Now Ally and Tyler play chess every week with her beautiful pieces.
Clem made a sillier face. His baby laughed some more. Clem's wife smacked him, and everyone stopped laughing.
A classmate  offered to be her friend in exchange for the toy. She reluctantly agreed and gave it away. Helena wasn't very satisfied with the exchange.
Jimmy and his friends rode their bikes to the theater. They sneaked in through a back entrance. A theater employee found them, and kicked them out.
Afterwards, he put them in his deep fryer. Oil splashed on his arm afterwards. Timmy ran his arm through water to treat his burn.
This wasn't enough however, and so she had an idea. She would go out for lunch to a pizzeria. She then ate the best pizza of her life.
I put on my clothes and shoes. I walked to the grocery store. I purchased the vegetables that I needed.
My brother received a gaming console. I threw the globe on the ground. However, it broke and water came out of it.
2 men were holding up an old woman, trying to steal her purse. I rushed to help, and with the woman behind me, drove them both away. She thanked me kindly, though shaken, and I walked her home.
She was so nervous and scared she would mess up, but wrote it anyway. She turned the article into her editor. The editor read her article and loved it.
They said no. However the next day Kelly went into her room. She saw the iPhone on her bed.
He cheats on vanessa. Vanessa founds out. They divorce.
She packed her favorite beach towel, water, and snacks. Once Beth arrived at the beach, she realized she forgot her sunscreen! Luckily, her friend Jill was there, and let Beth use hers.
I was excited! Alas, my mother died the day of the release. Therefore, I was too sad to see Star Wars.
Richard forces himself to start the survey. It goes much faster than he thought. Richard is proud of himself for completing it.
She could not decide between two flavors of cake. Finally, she selected the green tea flavored cake. She hated it.
When it was his birthday, he threw out all his cigarettes. He craved cigarettes all week but was able to refrain from smoking. He finally was able to get rid of his cravings after a month.
The notice on the front door said that the meeting is cancelled. I sat down in the front of the school to wait for my parents. My teacher saw me and offered a ride home.
One day he was fouled really hard. He complained to the ref but was ignored. Ever since then he started being less violent.
Jake asked what the problem was. Jake's waiter responded rudely. Jake spoke to the manager about it.
A car had crashed into a house. A little boy was trapped in the car. Jim saved the little boy.
When they both notice an awful smell coming from the basement. When they go to investigate they find that the basement is flooded. They have to spend all night dealing with a flooded basement.
The pizzas were thicker. For a few years we ate only Greek style pizza. Most of the shops are now gone.
While she was out she saw a pretty one. She bought it and brought it home. Unfortunately it was too tall combined with the tree and wouldn't fit.
The children screamed as the bird flew crazily from room to room. I got a broom and managed to chase it out an open door. It seemed eerily quiet after all that.
The factory worker gave the girls some delicious candy. When Allie tasted the chocolate, it melted in her mouth. Allie and her friends left the factory with full bellies.
They finally sent him to anger management classes. He hated being there. In time though, he got much better.
She quickly identified that Timmy was the one missing. Laura searched the playground knowing she had seen Timmy that morning. There was Timmy in the sandbox playing with a stray cat he had found!
As a result, I never brush my hair. One day, I ended up with a dread that i couldn't untangle. I had to cut my hair off.
The recruiter accepted Jon. Jon went through navy seals boot camp. Alas, Jon was killed in a live-fire exercise.
Sandra started working at a fast food restaurant. Later she wanted a job that she liked better. Now Sandra works at a clothes store with better working conditions.
The coach selected him for the team because of his great swing. The team won the first game because of Ryder's home run. Ryder was so glad he practiced.
Her boss passes her over for a girl with no experience, just big boobs. Jill starts thinking about getting implants. But her friends convince her to quit her job instead.
Her belly distended so much that she could not possibly see her feet. She asked the sales agent to help her try on the shoes in the store. She decided to buy the shoes, upon the recommendations of the agent.
Joy calls him up and he tells her to come over to play. He teaches Joy to play chess and they play for hours. Joy got to learn a new game and bond with her grandfather.
However, Jane decide to get her hair cut anyway. She loves the way she looks in her new bob haircut. Jenny feels very happy with the way she looks now.
She decided to not get a puppy from a pet store and go with a breeder. Sally found a beagle puppy from a breeder she liked. Sally bought the puppy and brought it home.
His dad came in and Bill begged him to check the closet. Bill's dad opened the closet door and turned on the light. There was nothing inside but Bill's clothes!
She swerved to avoid it. Kayla's car struck a large tree. Kayla had to call a tow company to remove it!
I was able to move the cow back to the pen. I fixed the weak spot in my fence. I hope no more cows try to test my fence.
When I arrived, I realized I didn't pack the correct clothing. Thus, for three days I was freezing cold! Finally, I decided to go shopping and get a winter coat.
Gina had a report due in 5 days. She knew it would be tight. But she had no choice other than to wait.
Overnight, a terrible storm hits and is still raging in the morning. The flight to Paris has been cancelled. Joni is very disappointed.
I decided to do wrist circles with 20 pounds of weight. After a few months, my forearms were muscular! Alas, I didn't work the rest of my body so I looked weird.
He took a wrong turn and went down a winding road. Sam was scared and drove slowly. Eventually he made it through and got to his destination.
Then he was sleepy and took a nap. Finally, his owner came home and took him for a walk. Later, he went to sleep for the night happy.
He didn't talk to anyone at school. He didn't even talk to his teachers. Ken was reassured by his mother that he would always be loved.
After the surgery, she awoke feeling apprehensive. She wondered if her risky surgery had fixed her vision at all. Then she opened her eyes, and saw the world in perfect 20/20 vision!
I did not have enough time to write a good paper. I wrote an email to my professor and explained that I was very busy. She took pity on me and let me turn the paper in late.
It irritates me that I have to speak with him anything I leave. He has made me late for work and appointments. One day, I finally yell at him and I have not heard from him since.
She got in her car and went to the local hardware store. The salesperson helped her pick out a tube of silicone She followed the instructions and the draft was eliminated.
But the stores near her house were always running out of the water. Gina often had to visit 2 stores to get enough. It was inconvenient, but Gina felt it was worth it.
I decided to visit her. I got to the top floor and peered outside the window. I realized I was afraid of such massive heights and I fainted.
I took them home to cook them. When I got home, I was too tired to cook. I put the ingredients in the fridge to cook another day.
She gasped in shock at what she'd done. Her parents raced in from the next room. Instead of yelling at her, they hugged her, glad she was okay.
Alas, his chest wouldn't grow. He decided to do the bench press instead. After a few months, his chest because huge and muscular.
Matt's friends never golfed before. Matt's friends had more fun offroading in the golf cart. Matt scoffed and laughed at the same time at his friend's behavior.
The girls dribbed the ball around and scored in the opposite goal. By the end of the game, Monica's team won in pride. The coach handed out trophies and Monica smiled in delight.
While we waited for the meteors, we noticed clouds all over the sky. After a minute, it began to rain very hard and we all rain inside. It ended up raining all night, and we missed the meteor shower.
But he made no efforts to become successful. Hank realized he didn't do anything all day. But he had no motivation to make his dreams a reality.
Water splashed everywhere! Jimmy had to clean up the water with some paper towels. Afterwards, he dried his cat with a t-shirt.
He decided to repair broken motorbikes for money. He quit his current job and opened up his mechanic shop. Usman found true happiness in repairing motorbikes!
She just jotted down random nonsense. She ended up failing the test. Nala was disappointed, but not surprised.
Eventually, she noticed she had been gaining weight. She realized it must be because of the chips. She decided to start running instead of quitting chips.
She went downtown and sat in on her assigned trial. She learned the facts and then cast a vote about the defendant. Neff enjoyed being part of the judicial process very much.
This time his little cousin got hurt in a fight. Jason felt badly and couldn't apologize enough. He quit street fighting and started taking college seriously.
Then she remembered to check the sun and head east. She followed the sun back to her camp. She found her way back safely!
Joey searched the entire house for her. He was starting to get worried as he couldn't find her. Then, she came out of the bathroom and he sighed with relief.
She was nervous for her final exam. She studied for hours and hours. Bree took the exam and passed with flying colors.
Liam unfortunately suffered from stage fright. He decided to put on a scarf over his eyes. Everyone thought that was a part of the gag and laughed.
One day, he mixed the wrong chemicals and an explosion broke windows. He was afraid his parents were going to confiscate his new toy. They let him keep it, but insisted on supervising him from then on.
She gathered her dirty laundry and went to the laundromat. At the laundromat she realized she had no money to pay. Alice loaded the clothes back in the car and went to the bank.
She said they were out of stock on Cheerios. I left a bag of Cheerios by her door with a fake note. She came running down to tell us, only to find I tricked her.
It was very difficult but worth it. She decided to test her skills on her family. They all loved the sushi Jessica made.
Sarah was nowhere to be seen. It was time to act. Sarah return to find an empty bag of candy corn.
Around the 35th burpee, Rich started feeling dizzy. He realized that he hadn't eaten before he started. He ate breakfast and felt better.
She was relieved when it was finally winter break. Nina had a secret. She had dropped out.
The nurse prepped her arm and told her to relax. The second the needle went in, Kathy fainted and hit the floor. Since then, she has chosen to donate money instead.
After preparing the soil they deposited the plants in the ground. A few weeks had passed and they saw that the plants were thriving. Three months  later they were preparing meals with the vegetables.
He drifted for miles down the river before he hit some rapids. He awoke in a panic and paddled ashore. The guy looked around and wondered how long he was asleep.
He decided to make a plan. He saved all of his money for 5 years. Peter was finally able to afford a Pac-Man Arcade Cabinet.
The two said hello. Then Kelly realized she had a project due tomorrow. She immediately ran home to do it.
One day a neighbor told us he thought he saw a rat near our door. I called the property manager and he sent an exterminator. Luckily we never saw the rat.
They pretended to get along. But there was a lot of tension between them. Gina knew it would be a long day.
She really wanted to go, but knew it was best not to. All of her classmates went to the concert and had a great time. The next day, Amanda was the only person to get an A on the test.
At first nobody could lift more than him. One man at the back of the gym approached. He lifted more than Sam with one hand and took his money.
He stayed up until 4 AM to finish it. But the next day, his teacher forgot to collect it. And Henry did not want to upset the class by reminding her.
But his wife cooked them up for him and he tried them. Joel could hardly believe his taste buds. He discovered that fruits and veggies were delicious!
He made a paper volcano with lava made from vinegar and baking soda. He meticulously created a poster to explain his display. He was awarded 1st place at the science fair.
Hoping to impress her, he increased the weight on his machine. He overdid it, though, and the weights weighed more than him. He ended up doing a chin-up.
But one year he told his mom his hate for them. She promised to never get another one but his dad didn't know this. To his despair, his next birthday had a clown present.
Kevin pointed it at a girl he really liked and pulled the trigger. Her head shattered from the bullet he hadn't known was in the chamber. Kevin was tried as an adult and is serving a life sentence.
He pulled his old, red sled out of the garage. He went careening down the hill on his sled. James couldn't wait to go sledding again!
He bought the supplies from the hardware store. He successfully installed the rung. Mike realized that he didn't have enough coat hangers.
The vet thinks Ziggy has OCD. Ziggy begins to take fluoxetine daily. Ziggy is less anxious since starting the medication.
There were a lot of different options. We found some well priced items and bought three bottles. In the shower later I found out they were lotion.
He was inspired by this person's kindness. He began volunteering himself. He felt great about being able to help so many people.
Discouraged, he headed to a bench and sat down. He looked down and saw a quarter on the ground! He felt lucky as he headed to the bus stop.
He was furious. He questioned the boy who hit her with a ball, and his mother. He realized it was an accident and there was no one to blame.
She tripped and twisted her ankle. She fell to the ground in pain. Her teammates, her coach helped her off the floor.
No one liked to be around him because of his singing. Tom married a woman who was deaf and could not hear his singing. His wife and all of her friends found no problem with Tom
He put a banana peel in the path his sister would be walking. She did step on it, but it just got squished. She was pretty angry at him for trying to make her fall.
Still, the cake came out weird. It was very dry and crumbly. Luckily, all of the ladies enjoyed it with frosting and ice cream.
When he tripped it splashed all over his white shirt. His mother shook her head, saying it was going to stain. Bobby got in trouble for not being careful.
They went outside, and got Zoey's bike out of the garage. Zoey loved spending time with her mother. She learned how to ride her bicycle and bonded with her mom.
On the resume, she put her friend's phone numbers as fake employers. She was really worried that they would find out. Luckily, they didn't and she got the job.
Her friends dog had puppies right before Christmas time. Her parents decided to get her the puppy as a gift. She fell in love with him, and calls him Mac.
He gathered some friends and attended it. The crowd was too mellow for Brian's enthusiasm. Brian organized his own, more swinging jazz event.
He travels to the river to try fishing for salmon. Jake eats the first salmon he catches from the river. Jake is very happy that he has finally gone fishing.
Kim's sister was upset there was silly string all over the walls. As Kim cleaned the string she found it stained walls with flat paint. Her sister yelled for an hour when she found out.
He was so excited he didn't know what to say! He got tears in his eyes and kept thanking them over and over. Then he took his parents and little sisters for a ride around town.
Libby was kind and needed money badly, so she agreed. Her very last table of the night left her a $100 tip. Libby was so glad she had agreed to work late!
She then discovers her water broke. Jessie helps Dana to the car and rush to the hospital. Later that night, Dana delivers a healthy baby boy.
Eventually, my doctor said my calcium levels were almost normal. Alas, now I had gained too much weight from the milk. I decided to use calcium supplements instead of milk.
He knew every answer on the show and set a new record. He celebrated too hard at his win and his disguise fell off. The audience gasped as he ran off with his prize money.
Last night she went to the store and bought five tickets. She checked her tickets this morning and found out she won $5,000. Courtney went to the lottery office to claim her prize.
However, they hit the sewer line. They caused a huge mess. They're mess caused them to have to call the water department.
The nail colorist paints her nails red. Dana loves it. Dana finally has a new color for her nails.
His life was being consumed by liquor and he hated it. Joe checked himself into a rehab center. He now lives a happy and sober life.
He played with a small action figure he saw. The boy held the toy while his mom payed for clothes at the register. His mother found the toy in the car but did not return it.
While in the canoe, Ted's youngest daughter fell out. Ted saw an alligator approaching as he tried to rescue his daughter. At the last moment, Ted got hold of his child and pulled her to safety
Alex's parents demanded that he seek some type of work. Alex went to a job fair. Alex was hired for a new minimum wage job.
At night he heard thumps coming from the attic. One night he ventured upstairs and looked around. Brian discovered a nest of baby squirrels.
He just put it up now. He miscalculated and ran out of paper. The design is no longer available.
She kept the cat and made a cozy bed for it. The cat appreciated Harley's kindness. Now, the cat and Harley keep each other company and enjoy their days.
He often would eat the food while he prepped it. One day the manager caught him eating the food. The manager fired Stan.
Suddenly, the car jerked forward and hit her car. It ended up scraping her car badly. It cost a lot to get it fixed.
After my brother got the ball, I ran after him. I ended up falling on him. His arm became broken.
She responded by telling me she hated me because I don't contact her. I snapped at her for being so rude. Becky is not speaking to me anymore.
Deb was worried she wasn't going to have enough money. When Deb began shopping she kept on finding great sales. She found everything she needed and had money left over.
But they were sitting at the table waiting for her. They told Emma her teacher had called and told them everything. Emma was grounded until her grades improved!
I pulled over my car to look through them. It was mostly junk. I sorted out the stuff I wanted and put it in my car.
He thought of his grandfather, who has a simple but happy life. Lucius realized he didn't fear aging. He drove to his grandfather's house after school to be with him.
Selena had to resort to bribery to convince them to do it. Eventually she was able to get everyone in one place. The photo was taken and Selena knew her efforts were worth it.
It was thick and scruffy. However, it kept him from getting a job. He decided to shave it and he got a job instantly.
She hopped in a cab only to find someone else was already in it! The other passenger agreed to drop Susan off first. Susan was late, but the act of kindness made her smile.
The boy she liked liked another girl. May offered to take the girl to get ice cream. May knew it was serious when Lucy declined.
She had a nice meal with her friends It comes time to pay the bill Jill reaches for her money and it's gone!
She got a bunch of sour candies from Santa yesterday. She has been pouty all day because of it. She ended up giving her candy to her brother.
He decides to learn how to cook an omelette. He practices cooking omelettes many times until he is an expert. He is very happy to be saving money by cooking at home.
They overcharge for everything. Food and the tickets are overpriced. I am much happier with my Netflix subscription instead.
She saw a woman leaving Adam's house late at night. She got angry and broke all his guitars. She was arrested.
A very pretty cat named Olympia was available, so we went to see her. The kids, as well as my wife and I, fell in love instantly. Olympia is now a part of our family!
She lay in bed shivering unable to warm up. She sneezed and shivered the whole night. The next morning she was still sick, but went to school anyway.
The information contradicted the lead of the article. Rich yelled to stop the press! That was the only time in his career he stopped the press machine.
He picked her up and they went to a beach to take pictures. But Charles had to take off his shoes and walk in the sand. Charles' toe was completely infested with fungi, he was embarrassed.
He trained for weeks and weeks trying to go heavier. He seemed to have no success, until the day finally arrived. Pat broke his record and lifted 210 pounds!
His creativity was running out! Josh decided to take a lunch break to recuperate. After the break, he felt fresh and ready to write more stories.
Fred was having fun. All the sudden he got stuck. His dad had to help him out.
The sauce was perfect. To her surprise she spilled some and burned herself. Thankfully she had some aloe Vera nearby to heal it.
She had to let him go because he didn't want to be with her. Letting go broke her heart and made her very sad. She had to say goodbye to love and hopes to be happy again one day.
However, Stanley picked someone who was stubborn. She told the coach that she didn't want to join his team. She also said that Stanley was ugly.
The worst thing was it was on silent. She asked friends to call it hoping she could see the screen light up. She finally found it on her bed.
She wanted to know about the brand new desk in their classroom. Gina and her friends told her all they knew. Gina hoped the bully would bully the boy who had received the new desk
She stayed home sick and was throwing up all day. Soon she could tell that it was the fajitas. From then on, she hated the taste of them.
Suddenly, everyone discovered they had forgotten food. Martin was a skilled fisherman. Martin caught many fish so that everyone could eat.
In a restaurant he met Duane, a teenager trying to be a comedian. The teenager started telling jokes like he learned from Kevin. But Kevin was offended and punched the teenager on his face.
The depression hit her all at once. She didn't know where to turn for help. A friend found Martha in her weakened state and stuck by her.
It was stormy and wet on the roads. He hit a patch of ice on the highway. His truck slid off the road but Tim was ok.
He took a bunch in his lunch every day. The grapes were cold and sour. Sammy could eat them all day!
Looking at an app on her phone, she compare hotel prices. There was one good place with a deal for $40 a night. She decided to go there.
There was no television in the house. Lucas went outside for the first time in weeks. He felt immensely happy having the sun beat down on his face.
He was right. He finally had enough. He told them they could marry her, if they loved her that much.
He made us tea with milk and sugar. He also made tea with lemon. We had never had tea this way and were astounded.
I quickly called Jeff and he confirmed they were already there! Hopping into the car, I quickly drove to the restaurant. It was good to finally see my friends after a week!
Finally he asked his friend Jean to teach him some dance moves. After weeks of practice Carlton was a great dancer. Now he often dances with girls at social clubs.
Sometimes, they'd hit each other with them. Pool noodles were a fun, cheap toy. They bought a dozen of them the next time they went to the store!
Hot coffee splashed onto her leg. Fortunately she was wearing long pants. It hurt a bit but it wasn't serious.
When Rick woke up he couldn't see anyone. He realized his body was buried completely underground. His friends thought it'd be funny, and left him there in deep trouble.
The teacher took several days to grade it Jane got a perfect score. She was greatly relieved.
He pulled the handle and waited to see what he did or didn't win. All of a sudden, three sevens showed up and bells started ringing. Joe had won the jackpot and was very happy!
Her friend told her that they were called Macadamia nuts. Florence tried a few and thought they tasted good. When she went home she was happy to have tried something new.
The soldiers prepared for battle. It was the first war they'd been in in decades. The president asked for the nation's support.
They would no longer be able to send him to the private school. The next week Harry's parents signed him up at his local public school Harry made friends fast and adjusted well to the new school.
Ben was nervous, but he agreed. He went inside it and saw no ghosts or spooky things at all. He told his friend the house wasn't really haunted after all!
I signed myself in and gave my insurance. The receptionist looked at me and told me I was there a day early. I was embarrassed and always double check my dates now.
They went to many bars and had lots of drinks. Eventually Jim became very inebriated. Jim had to call a taxi to take him home at the end of the night.
She and her friends drank it all one evening. They decided to make a ritual of it. The next Friday night, they did the same thing!
He watched this young woman text very fast. He began to do his best to emulate her. He soon improved his texting speed.
He prepared all of his school supplies. He woke up in the morning to find he had strep throat. Tommy missed his first day of school.
Pam grudgingly agreed and they went to the local casino. Pam won several rounds of bingo. Pam now regularly goes out weekly to play bingo.
I hated them and kept them on my dresser hoping never to wear them. One school day my mom made me wear them to school. I was the only student that sat on her feet in the hall before class.
While camping near a lake in the forest he lost the crossbow. Jack became very upset over losing the crossbow. Eventually he calmed down and enjoyed the rest of hunting trip.
A teenage boy stopped Jane on the path and asked her a question. Jane knew the boy was just wanting to talk to her. Jane answered the boy and went on her way with a smile.
She invested $10,000 of her life savings. Flo waited intently for her broker to call her. Flo eventually learned that she lost her investment due to bad advice.
There were kangaroos fighting each other. One kangaroo kicked another kangaroo. The other kangaroo died from the wound.
She took off the original and it looked gross. She then replaced the bandage. It looked great after.
I asked her out on a date and she accepted. When we met each other in person, we enjoyed each other's company. We also exchanged numbers before leaving.
She was going to stay at a beachfront resort. The day before her trip she packed her bag. She realized she needed to go out and buy a bathing suit.
After climbing several steps, I held him. A few seconds later, the ladder slipped from the ground. I ended up landing on the ground, injured.
He practiced very hard for a few weeks. Finally he was a terrific poker player. Jimmy was very happy to learn how to play his first card game.
The vet confirmed the dog was sick. She prescribed the dog medication. The dog was ordered to take it for two weeks.
My friends and I lit a firework that tipped over. The firework caused a huge fire on our fence. We grabbed the hose and luckily put it out.
I wanted to be sure I had gotten all of it. We had a small back yard. It was one of my first times cutting the grass.
I ended up falling off the beam and breaking my ankle. I was completely embarrassed. The next day at school, I had to use crutches.
He tracked me down via all of my social media. After ignoring him for so long, I confronted him and told him to stop. He didn't stop until I blocked him from all social media.
Her mom said that she would be working that weekend. Instead, her mom drove a friend's daughter to a college interview. Lana found out on Facebook, and was heartbroken.
One day my wife was parking her car in the condo lot. The father said he fixed dents, and fixed her car for free. We were grateful.
While sitting, he felt a tug on his pole and began reeling. Just as he was pulling the fish up, a beautiful sunrise emerged. John couldn't believe the sight and he was brought to tears.
So he made up an excuse. He said that his mom was in the hospital. And so he got out of detention.
One night she decided to confront the stranger. She ran out into the hallway in her pajamas shouting. The stranger just ignored her and walked away.
He brought it out and Jake's eyes lit up like stars. Jake and his grandfather spent the whole day talking and building. They had a wonderful day together bonding over the train set.
He was convinced into playing once. He actually won the grand prize. It made for a fun story for him and his grandmother.
It took weeks to find one. Finally she decided to get a cheap one. She couldn't have been happier.
They packed their belongings and headed to the car. The buckle of the seat belt burned Dan. He left the air-conditioning on for a few minutes before leaving.
She remembered there was a spare can of paint in the garage. For a while she wondered what she could use the yellow paint on. She decided to paint the shutters of her home yellow.
They closed down the park because he couldn't be found. They eventually found him on top of the Honey I Shrunk the Kids playset They now tell his kids this story to remind him.
Betty found a bottle! In the bottle was an old photograph. Betty took her new keepsake home to show her mother.
He checked his email several times per day. He received an email from his top choice school. He was glad to hear that he was accepted.
So he sped down a freeway at 2 AM. And he reached 140 MPH. But he was too scared to go any faster.
It was their favorite band! The concert lasted all night. They'd heard all of their favorite songs.
Dan bought some weed killer and poured it all over the grass. After some weeks it finally started to turn brown and die. Dan's cobblestone walkway now is grass free.
It was a telemarketer! She yelled at them not to call back. She was so annoyed!
He went to the bathroom and lathered his face in shaving cream. He then used a razor to shave his face. George was happy to see that had a smooth face.
At one moment, a large ostrich appeared on the road. It wouldn't stop moving around. I tried to take it out of the road however, it was chasing me.
She'd clean them up and get rid of their fleas. Once they were well enough, she'd find them a new home. It made her happy to create these friendships.
He knew he needed something to pick him up. He pulled into the nearest drive thru. And there it was, coffee, what he needed to get his day started.
They told her that her credit card over exceeded her maximum balance. When she checked her account, there was an unauthorized transaction. Someone paid $3000 for a trip to the bahamas.
He decided to carry it. But its owner saw him. He and Ivan decided to play with the puppy together.
Donald grew frustrated when he lost his match. The computer remained silent. Donald yelled at the computer as if it were a person.
Jeanie worried about the competition against her friend. Both promised to not turn against each other. Jeanie was voted overwhelming as class president.
She wondered if it would be pricey. But the mechanic said it wouldn't be. He said Anna's car would only cost $90 to fix!
Finally she has a big argument with her friends about fur. She decides to never see them again. Lorraine will always choose fur over friends.
A few days later, my face broke out in whiteheads. Since they were sensitive, I was afraid to pop them. They healed on their own.
Cindy was disheartened that she wouldn't be able to get her the toy. She went online to investigate the matter. Cindy was able to find the doll for sale on a website.
He was sick of being called four eyes and nerd. So he bought contacts and threw out his glasses. He quickly realized he couldn't put them in because he couldn't see.
Brian studied political science and philosophy. Brian served his local community after college on the city council. Eight years later, Brian became the governor of his state, New York!
One morning we went fishing for salmon. We saw orca whales and caught 8 salmon! We were proud of ourselves and had a great day.
Heather realized that she did not have the items needed to make it. She then ran to the store where she bought everything she needed. Then Heather came home, made her salad, and enjoyed her night.
She didn't have enough time to stop. Four blocks from work her car stalled out. She was even more late than had she stopped.
She loved drifting off to sleep under the new duvet. A friend visited and Kelly showed her the room. Her friend was so impressed with the new look!
The plants in the yard, and the grass turned brown and dry. The house had always looked empty. Now it looked abandoned.
He decided to join the UFC competitions After his preliminary fight, he instantly got accepted He went on to become the heavyweight champion
All of a sudden, the duo found a deer for Dan to shoot. When Dan was supposed to shoot, he broke down crying. Dan's dad told him that it was okay and they went home.
It feels hopeless to her at this point. She was cleaning her last table of the night when she saw her tip. A couple had just written her a check to pay for her next semester!
They remained there for the entire day. On the bright side, many people communicated with each other. They also participated in several activities such as cooking.
But they didn't know many Swiss mountain passes close for winter! What they thought would be a trip of a few hours took them over ten. By the time they made it there, the shrine was closed!
When the music was playing from it, the quality was good. During the next day, it wasn't working. I had to send it back for a replacement.
So she took a break. Tom said she was just making excuses. And Sara never made efforts to get help.
Johnny was feeding Nemo one day and realized that the water was dirty. Johnny scooped Nemo out into a bowl. Afterwards, he changed the water and put Nemo back into his tank.
They worked all day, smoothing out the concrete. It looked great! Tony thought it made his house look much more attractive.
They all thought she had a boyfriend. Samantha's sister never had a boyfriend! She would have dated anyone who talked to her!
Everything seemed to go well. Except their movers were late. Jim and Erin decided to not tip the movers as a result.
She was very nervous about how she would fit in. All of the kids were also nervous. They all loosened up as the day went on.
At the church he was impressed with the the stained glass windows. He spoke with many other people at the church. Carlos was happy he had taken a trip to the church.
She had a big speech prepared. On the day off her alarm didn't go off. She almost didn't make it on time.
THEY BOTH SLID INTO THE GUARDRAIL. NO ONE WAS HURT BOTH CARS WERE TOTALLED.
Her client struggles initially. But her client ends up reaching her goals. Donna is great at her job.
It was Christmas. He gave her a necklace. They ended it well.
When it was published, the sequel sold even more than the first. Alana was truly ecstatic about the success of her writing. It was gratifying to know that people enjoyed her stories.
A throat lozenge was laying in inside of the patient's vaginal cavity. He looked around and noticed his assistant Kristoff looked sheepish. Kristoff was sent home with a sore throat.
The requester thought that Josh did amazing work! The requester decided to give Josh a big bonus. Josh was happy to wake up one morning and see the bonus!
We visited the baby in the hospital. They named the baby Matteo. We found the name to be interesting.
The man with the soda laughed at the tripper's misfortune. The soda went up his nose, and the carbonation burned painfully. He had to admit to himself that it was a case of just deserts.
Soon, her closet was tidy. She took a step back and admired it. Her room felt tidy and refreshing now!
His grades so far had been not so great. That month, he worked as hard as he could. Luckily, he got his grade up high enough and earned the pizza.
She grabbed a bottle of chili powder and added some to the pot. She tasted the chili again but this time it tasted abnormally sweet. She looked at the bottle and realized she accidentally added cinnamon.
I got my stuff together, and decided to move to Texas. It was just me and my cat in the open road. I finally made it to Texas and really enjoyed the new move.
One day he decided to eat deep fried butter. That evening he had a heart attack. Tyler knows he needs to change his lifestyle.
Tim turned the music up louder. The cops came by to give Tim a ticket. Tim never played his music loud again.
Kelly was scared. Yet thankfully by the time they ate, they liked him. Kelly was thankful her parents didn't hate him.
After she got me dressed in my tacky  Easter outfit, I was mad. She told me to go and pose in the grass, so I did. As she snapped the picture I made the ugliest face I could make!
So, he took me out for a celebratory drink. We had a good chat. Now he's looking forward to an easy season.
This year he decided to build a robot as his science fair project. He worked very hard day and night to perfect his creation. Jacob's efforts paid off when he took home the first place ribbon.
She put a pretty bow in her hair for the first time. Angela loved having a little girl! She took her out of the house to show her off.
Cal quickly grabbed the kitchen trash bag and ran outside. He chased after the garbage truck in his boxers, waving the bag! The garbage truck stopped and Cal gave them his trash.
One horse is particularly unruly. He finally got the horse under control last week. Now his job is much easier.
I wanted to visit her but the stench was truly horrific. Once I saw her it was all worth it. I wore a nose clip from then on out.
However, people became jealous of Hank and his grill. One night, some people stole his grill! Hank was devastated at the loss of his grill.
My friend joked that I should cut off my toe. My feet were still growing. My track shoes would no longer fit.
Some of the other passengers thought she should not sit there. She was forcefully removed from the bus. This inspired a bus boycott that helped win civil rights in the US.
After each play he would come around passing out water. He was there whenever they needed him. He helped to keep the team hydrated and the team played well.
At first it was very difficult, but eventually he learned mastered it. Soon after learning python, Gunther was hired by a local company. He was very happy that he had learned to code.
She was very excited to see all the snow. Her family felt stressed but she was full of vigor. She helped her family by shoveling all the snow for them.
Since I lend her money every month for groceries, I got mad. I asked her to return my money so that I can buy food. She apologized for her comments earlier.
She found DNA evidence that led her to a suspect. Sarah brought the suspect in for questioning. He confessed to the crime and is awaiting trial.
He played a game of golf but started to feel guilty. He left early and stopped and bought flowers on his way home. He told his wife the truth and gave her the flowers and all was well.
He was very afraid. He yelled at the wolf to go away. The animal crept back into the shadows.
He plays a cheesy love song in front of her and the whole school. She agrees to go out with him. They fall in love with each other and live happily ever after.
Everyday Ashley practiced her dance moves. After a year, Ashley danced in her first recital. She did a great job.
I've found my wrists are becoming sore very easily. If only I hadn't drank all of that chocolate milk. Now I have regrets about my hedonistic lifestyle.
Jack froze and hoped the dog would keep walking. The dog turned and ran straight at Jack. Jack ran faster than he ever had all the way home.
He wiped all of the patties with paper towels to remove excess grease. And he hid the salt packets to prevent anyone from having them. After one week, Mike was fired.
As it popped, smoke came out. I was horrified. Thankfully I got a new one.
Sometimes they would die, but most of the time he could heal them. The recovered patients were sent back out to kill and die. This made something in Allen die and he was never the same again.
Then she applied it carefully. When it dried, she slicked on another coat. Her nails came out beautifully!
That day he was offered a free drink and bagel. Jason lost it shortly after his significant luck. He would never forget the happiness the penny had brought him.
One day he was walking and saw a girl crying. He smiled and waved to her. She dried her eyes, smiled, and waved back.
However, one of the peaches makes him feel a little ill. Fred goes home with an upset stomach. Fred still loves peaches, but just not as much.
After volleyball practice she noticed her heart was racing. She figured it was from the physical activity. She was scared when it was still racing 20 minutes later.
John decided to cheat, and because he did he won the game. Eric decided not to play with John anymore. They grew apart and never talked again.
I hit the popcorn button. When it was done, I smelt something burnt. The popcorn had over cooked.
He added all the ingredients, measured carefully. Then after enough time, he sampled his homemade brew. Bud was pleased to find that it was delicious!
She gulped & loosened her brakes, inching the bike closer to the drop. The next thing she knew, she was sitting on the ground at the bottom. Friends informed her she had passed out before attempting the jump.
He proactively prepared for it. He walked in for the final. He found the final very easy.
His mother told him she loved him, and he knew it was a lie. Zachary ran away, feeling unloved. Zachary was a fool and had no special powers.
I have so much fun now playing it but I'm still rusty on the rules. If I would have played in school I would have learned everything. Someday soon I will be at everyone's level.
He met with an athletic trainer that watched him run. The trainer told Ted that he needed to fix his posture to improve. Ted straightened his back found his pain decrease as he ran.
Suddenly, she realized that she had lost track of her parents. She asked an attendant for help. Luckily they were reunited shortly after.
All the seniors would be honored tonight. Sam's coach decided to play a junior in his spot. Sam was disappointed that he would never play football again.
After a couple Years the price of silver was much lower. He realized his investment was a failure. He sold the silver dollars at a loss to get some money back.
But one day, Tim decided to microwave pizza. After he walked away from the microwave, he went to bed. Later, he opened the microwave and saw pizza that never got cooked.
This one insisted it was free so I took it to get away. He then started to ask for money. I gave back the rose, frustrated.
She gazed up at its impressive height. As dusk fell, it lit up with many lights! Ann was struck by its amazing beauty.
He also picked out a stick shift because it felt like a race car. The first day I saw dad driving I gave his car a nickname. I called it dad's red rocket.
A school teacher passed by and noticed she was struggling. Megan explained that she couldn't read, so the teacher wanted to help. The teacher helped Megan learn to read and they became good friends.
He finds a bunch of guys playing and decides to join one team. They play very hard but in the end the other team wins. James is still happy that he has at least left the house.
They walked down the road. Then, they were at a store. There, they bought snacks.
Harry had been away on vacation but just returned. The concierge told me Harry had gotten into 3 fights already. I was amused and amazed.
It wasn't long before I was able to be seen. Afterwards, I was told I had a cold. After taking the medicine I feel much better.
The clerk said in three hours. Todd drove home and drove back in three hours. He got the suit, paid, and drove home again.
She reminded Sue that her grandma had made her a patchwork quilt. Sue was jealous when her new roommate unpacked a zebra bed-in-a-bag. But the roommate touched the patchwork quilt with quiet reverence.
It was big and graceful. As they watched, the swan dove down and caught a fish! Then he swallowed it in one gulp.
I loved seeing all the floats. My friends and I had a great time. We couldn't wait to come back next year.
He got some steaks for the main course. When he sent out the invites, only one person said they could make it. It became a date and they had a wonderful evening.
There was a lot to choose from and he was unsure. Just then the pharmacist came and offered help to Mark. Mark got the medicine he needed and felt better in two days.
Casey's father accidentally ran over the rabbit crossing the road. Casey's father buried the rabbit. Casey never found out his rabbit was killed.
Suddenly, he caught something. Thomas and his friends worked hard to reel the heavy fish in. They all had swordfish for dinner that night.
My boss looked shocked and told me to see him in his office. There he said I wasn't qualified and should do something not so hard. The statement was like what the white teacher said to young Malcolm X.
I was waiting for help for hours. Because I was stuck, I was late for work. My boss was angry at first, but then he laughed.
She walked around the plaza and noticed the back door was open. Sneaking into the back door, she saw that no one was there. Lindsay decided to call the police and not steal a parrot.
I had a few drinks and accidentally left the violin. My parents received a call at 2 am that my violin was found. I went to the bar to retrieve the violin.
She buys floss but at first she cannot convince herself to use it. Finally, after learning about tooth decay, she begins to floss. Cornelia is proud that she has finally begun flossing her teeth.
Therefore, I had to go to the grocery store to buy food. I also spent the whole day with them. Although my plans were cancelled, I had a good day.
He decides to become a stamp collector. He gathers a wide variety of stamps, both rare and common. Ragnar is happy that he has something to do outside of work.
The vet discovered floss around her tongue and snipped it off. After x-rays, they discovered it was in her intestine. Surgery led to the discovery of 12 feet of floss.
Kelly thought it was amazing. It was so good she went back. She wanted to go everyday.
One day, her husband said that they had enough. Jamie looked online. She chose one and ordered it.
Callie the cat was recently adopted. Kiwi wasn't quite sure about Callie at first. The two cats are now best friends.
He went to the doctors to get it checked out. It was a minor rash. It went away by itself.
He spent lots of time swimming and playing in the water. Afterwards he was very tired so he went home. When Jose got home, he took a nap.
They loved lighting the first fire of the season! They huddled around it with some hot chocolate. It was a cozy, fun night!
Professor Smith didn't remember the student and was worried. The student was offended, plus, Professor Smith invited her to church! Professor Smith asked for forgiveness, he'd recently had a stroke.
New specimens were getting harder to find, making her sad. Daisy's parents wanted to help, so they planned a trip to the Park. That weekend, they all had a great time together hiking for new rocks.
I drove to the gas station to buy something. I bought snacks and cigarettes. I went home and hung out with my friends.
They met with all of the vendors. Then decided on the best one. They then made the best decision for the company.
We found a cave. My dad went in first. He came out scared of what was inside.
No one knew that he had modded his game so that it was easier. Then, one of the admins found out. He was banned from the game.
He had to go to the emergency room for a fractured foot. Ben's operation cost a ton of money. He can't wait to go back to the gym, though.
After several days, I asked if she has the money. She replied by saying no. I saw her handing $20 to another person that she owed money to.
She looked in other parts of her purse. She realized there was a line forming. Amy couldn't find the cash so she paid with her card.
All 3 dogs grab a section of the bone at the same time. Tug-a-war commences. The poodle wins.
The first two weeks of practice we didn't even touch a ball, just ran. We ran so much I thought I was on the track team. After a month I quit and played golf instead.
She knew that she had to figure something out. Rita decided to talk to her coworkers about the problems. Their relationships improved.
It was very stable but cumbersome. After outpatient pt, I started using a regular cane. I felt proud.
He wanted to talk to his mom so badly. Tim decided to buy Jay a phone. After that Jay was able to call home when he wanted.
One day he gives out flyers to two young men. He later sees them enjoying a cup of coffee at the coffee shop. Franco feels proud of the work he is doing distributing flyers.
But her piercing became red and swollen. It had gotten infected! Ava had to tell her mom so her mom could help her.
We were hanging out in a secluded room. I leaned over and kissed her lips. It was both of ours first kiss.
Unfortunately, he forgot to turn off the water supply. Within minutes, there was water everywhere. The entire bathroom had been flooded.
When she left, Maria noticed her bobblehead was missing. She asked Alice if she knew what happened to the bobblehead. Alice screamed that she was being accused of theft.
I worked at it for months, doing some everyday. I also got plenty of rest and ate all good food. A few months later I reached my goal!
She worked hard all summer to build muscle. He mom finally agreed to let her play. Kate was so happy she ran and hugged her mom.
Matthew called Will's house to ask. Will's mom explained that Will wasn't home. Matthew spent the rest of the day moping.
They went to the zoo as soon as it opened. They stayed at the zoo all day until it closed. The Zimmy family enjoyed the zoo very much.
Lily wasn't satisfied because her friend's fish were much bigger. Lily dumped the box of fish food in the tank so they'd grow. The next day, Lily had to replace the fatally overfed fish.
Kerry went to the store. He picked up meat for his wife and himself. Kerry cooked supper for himself and his wife.
Valentine's day came around next year. Cindy was alone. Cindy stayed alone every single valentine's day.
It was going toward the machinery. He ran after it to save it. He got there just it time and now has a new pet.
She wanted to surprise him. She planned a great trip. He was stunned!
Macy decided to come back inside the house. It started to rain soon after Macy came in. Macy was glad she was safe and dry.
When it was time, she went to put the dough in the oven. Then, she saw that a ton of flies had been sitting on her dough. Sadly, she threw the dough out and started over.
I tried to speak over him but he wouldn't stop. I immediately walked away. He didn't say a single word to me for the rest of the day.
He worried that a bug might be inside. He decided it was too consistent to be a bug. It turned out he left an old TV on a dead channel downstairs.
It was agreed that Stephanie would clean up all of the puppy's messes. However, Stefani never cleaned up after her puppy. Stephanie's parents soon made her give the dog away.
He found a siamese cat that he liked. Barry played with him for a bit to make sure he liked him. Barry then bought the cat and took him home.
He ate it anyway. He told him he would replace it. His roommate was fine with it.
Rory talked to the adoption agency and got their phone number. Rory called her birth mom on the telephone and asked to meet. Rory and her birth parents met for lunch.
She started to panic. But then another student thrust an inhaler into her mouth. Luckily, another girl had had an inhaler in her purse!
They couldn't get a good night's sleep. They bought a new mattress and had it delivered. It was such an improvement!
The company he works for decided to go with an outside hire instead. Jeff felt that this was a direct slap in the face from his boss. Jeff stormed into his boss's office and quit on the spot.
However, she persists in following her dream. Maxine practices every day and becomes to volleyball team captain. She is so happy that her dream of playing volleyball has come true.
Cal got out a plunger and plunged until it was unclogged. In the process he became soiled from the water splashing. Cal had to take another shower and dry off with the wet towel.
Then she added a filter and a few more fish friends. She cleaned the tank every week. Amy's fish were happy and lived a long time!
He tried to swallow one, but it was disgusting! Instead, he mixed one in his daily protein shake. Ben found that that made the eggs much easier to swallow!
Ivan said it was his birthday. And the waiter gave him a free ice cream. Now they didn't have to share.
The flowers were all fresh and beautiful. The arrangement was placed in a gorgeous vase. The bride cried when she saw the amazing work.
She got distracted and was two minutes late coming back downstairs. A neighbor had already dumped her wet clothes on the dirty floor! She was furious and couldn't wait to move away.
When he tried to drive off the property, he got his truck stuck. He was not happy that he had to get the tractor to tow out his truck. He went immediately and purchased a 4-wheel drive truck.
She began to spend all her free time studying the game. Deb enrolled in her first tournament ever after two months. She walked away with the second place trophy.
It landed on the gaming console and broke it. They looked on the ceiling to view the damage. A loose screw was hanging on top of the fan.
The two of them became best friends. They were always there for each other. Even though Nisha is gone, John will always remember her loving heart.
One day, Alice caught her roommate using her green mug. Alice confronted her roommate and got her mug back. From then on, Alice kept her prized mug in her room.
She put bread in the toaster and waited. She started to smell something burning. Alice opened the toaster to burnt bread.
His daughter had a church date with a friend. She didn't want to take her eight month old daughter. So Doug kept his daughter's baby, fed her and played with her all day.
Years passed and Jared got older. During one summer, Jared noticed he was growing. Jared now stands at six foot tall.
I found a small stone and threw it in the bushes opposite the skunk. Thinking that something was coming out of the bushes, the skunk left. Luckily, our food was safe and no one got sprayed!
She shook it into her bowl, then tasted. But now the rice was way too spicy! Nora was unable to eat the extra-hot rice.
A cop was pulling him over! Henry pulled over and the cop approached him. He handed Henry a ticket for speeding!
She saw Becky pull another girl's hair at recess and was going to tell. Becky saw her and chased her down. Suzie ended up with a black eye that day.
He decided to live in his car. One night, someone stole his car. Now, he was completely homeless.
Three weeks later she got a phone call. The contest administrators were calling to say she'd won! Anna got a free cruise to the Bahamas!
After that warning, we tried to not have any more parties. However one night, a small gathering turned into a house full of 100! Campus police broke up the part, and we were kicked off campus.
When I asked for a quote, she handed me her personal cell number. With a lascivious wink, she informed me she would like to go out. I informed her that I don't date church-going Republican battle-axes.
He reviewed many popular charities. He thought doctors without borders was the most admirable. He donated a hefty sum of money to help the cause.
When one was about to sleep, the other's noises would keep them up. Lacy decided she needed some quiet time. She drove them around until they were both sound asleep.
Her grandmother put an ice pack on the eye. But it was too late. Lucy already had a black eye.
He went to his church. He cleaned the floors and the bathrooms. He was glad to have it out of the way.
He was always driving over the speed limit. He was pulled over by a policeman for going over the speed limit. Now, he always drives the speed limit.
Greg knew this would be so hard. Greg was out to lunch with friends at Pizza Hut. Greg defied temptation and ordered a Salad.
While business was slow at first, Paul was happy to have a change. Soon things picked up for the store and Paul was making a profit. Now Paul is very happy and is his own boss!
He saw many churches and cathedrals. Then he had an excellent lunch of street food. Neil really loved Antioch!
She bought the most lavish shoes when the children were starving. She funded the most expensive wars for petty arguments and control. She was beheaded for her direct influence of her country's demise.
He went and bought fancy tiles for the floor. He spent all day laying them down. Then he stood back and surveyed his work with pride!
The family packed their suitcases and was ready to go. The family arrived at the hotel and unpacked. The family then enjoyed the vacation John had planned.
I took some pain relievers for my leg and they helped! I told everyone that I was going and they were excited. I went to the concert and wasn't in pain the entire time!
Others wanted it by the old one. Others wanted it in another city. Since they couldn't decide they decide to wait to build it.
Six and a half hours into the drive I received a phone call. At home and in comfort she had passed peacefully minutes earlier. She lay in state when I arrived to say my goodbye.
Claire felt really proud that she had done so well. She showed off her bike in the neighborhood. Everyone was really impressed with Claire!
So he punched his friend. Both boys were sent to the office. They were forced to apologize.
Ginny saw things like hearts and bunnies. Todd saw dinosaurs and ufos. Before they knew it the sun was going down.
It took them two days to get there. When they arrived, they went to the hotel and unpacked. They had a great vacation and made great memories.
The drive there was simple and quick. Once at the store I was able to find my book quickly and check out. I took my book home and proceeded to read it.
They snuck out of the dining hall, unnoticed. The students used them as sleds on the snowy hill on campus! The next morning, they returned all the trays in good condition.
She went to school for four years. When she graduated she applied for a job. She was offered a good position.
Tomas often fetched water, fed livestock, and cared for his siblings. Now that Tomas has children of his own he teaches them the same. Tomas is proud of his family and hopes to raise respectful children.
They informed her that she had missed a payment. Not only that, but she was being charged a late fee. Jordan didn't have enough money for the fee, so her power stayed off.
He gathered some friends together that he could count on to invest. He used the investor funds to successfully carry out his scheme. When he bought the video game, he congratulated himself.
They went to the jewelry store at the mall. She sat in a tall chair with a worker on either side. On the count of three they pierced her ears at the same time.
Then his mom got him to try Brussels sprouts. She told Colin they were baby cabbages, which they resembled. Colin happily tried them - and he absolutely loved them!
They decided to make a password. They only told it to boys. Ben and his brother felt safe knowing no girl could enter!
Tom wanted to ensure his child was smart and happy. Tom read the child a fairy tale. The child enjoyed the story.
I traveled with a group of strangers to Paris. There we saw many monuments and works of art. Getting to go to France on that trip was a dream come true.
I told her we'd probably have time soon. The next week we both had time to meet! She was so excited that I got to meet her kitty, and it was cute.
He saved up money and asked for the day off. His boss told him no. He accepted it since he's a libertarian.
But then Nick's sled overturned halfway down the hill. Nick and his siblings toppled off into the snow! Luckily, no one was seriously hurt.
Steve began going less and less. Steve got calls from the pastor. Steve never returned to church.
The long wait was worth it however as the day was beautiful. The family ran to check out how nice the water was. The kids ended up swimming for nearly 2 hours.
Maurice went to play there. He got fresh new paint on his clothes. Due to the paint, everyone knew he disobeyed.
He was sweating all down his face. The salty sweat stung his eyes. Ed ran back home in pain and didn't go to the market that day.
She then had to take her dog out. She came in the house and the oven was full of smoke. Sue had burned the cookies.
The whole family came every year, packing her little trailer full. The last year of her life, she did it all, even though she had cancer. That was the last Thanksgiving my family got together.
When I got in my car I shivered and looked next to me. There was someone staring at me from the other car. I turned on my car and drove home as fast as I could.
They checked the cables. They checked the back of the TV. The bulb was burnt out.
But, he saw a fellow racer had crashed of course. He had to help. Jimmy was so fast enough helping the racer that he got second place!
One cat jumped off the fence to try to get back into the light. He walked outside the shadow and sat back down again. The other cat saw this and decided to join him.
He took an unusually different route that I wasn't aware of. In addition, he dropped me off at an unfamiliar place. I was told that the school was on the other side, when it wasn't.
Bob got a haircut from his barber. He also bought a brand new suit. Bob was confident going into the interview.
She was determined to fix it herself. Jackie carefully took the pieces apart. She found a cat toy inside that was causing the problem.
He thought roaches were hiding in his house. One day he got up from bed for a glass of water. He saw a giant roach in his kitchen wall.
There were beautiful wood floors underneath it! Andrew was thrilled. He got to work on restoring them.
Carly went to the store and bought a small inflatable pool. She inflated the pool in her front yard and filled it up. Carly's pool is now the envy of all her neighbors.
I looked for something to do. I found a new video game online. I bought the game and played it all day.
He told Jan a big secret about his hatred of their boss. Jan realized the intercom was powered on! The whole office, including the boss heard the secret!
Whenever we talk we discuss the issue. She says she will look into it further. I am glad she is at least open minded about it.
Jay got so nervous he unconsciously spit in her face. Linda got very angry. Linda never spoke to Jay again.
He bought it and rushed home to watch. He laughed hard at his favorite parts. He was happy he could watch it as much as he wanted!
He made a point to go to the cemetery on this day every year. He walked around the cemetery. He imagined having a conversation with his father.
Rick and his class got to watch a sports movie in the auditorium. And Rick didn't get in trouble for forgetting his gym clothes. Rick was very thankful that it rained.
This year she wanted to do something more grown up. She was turning 7! So she asked for flowers on her cake this year.
Candy decided to write a note to Dan. Dan, however, showed the note to all his friends. Candy's feelings were hurt by what her crush did.
Maria left her house very early in order to get there on time. She drove carefully through the snowy streets. When she got to her office, it was closed due to snow.
Unfortunately there weren't any. Leslie was mad. She decided to photocopy all the pages from her friend's textbook.
He decided to start a slamball club. No one joined. Jon gave up slamball in frustration.
She pulled over and got out to check. Bev saw that she had a flat tire! She had to call the auto club to come and help her.
Julie often stepped on the Legos, which was very painful. She decided to wear slippers to protect her feet from Jason's toys. Jason grew up to be a messy, disorganized adult.
She walked to the kitchen and found her parents at the table. They talked for 45 minutes about breaking curfew. Afterwards Amy was happy she was only grounded for 2 weeks.
He told us to come by his home, because he had two left. When we got there, we realized the dogs were quite attached. We ended up taking them both home!
His date didn't care. She suggested they dine and dash. Joe fell in love.
Sometimes she frustrates me and I have to complain to her. She simply tells me it's for my own good and she's making me stronger. I should listen to her more because she has promoted me twice.
But she told him it was a waste of time. Rick knew it was simply memorization work. But he enjoyed it so much.
He had a bad feeling about his answers. The next day the scores were handed out. Jack was instantly relieved to see he got a 99%.
When they arrived, it was much smaller than they expected. It was also very dirty. They were not prepared to live in this tiny house!
I decided to get a new car. I went to the dealer. I bought a car from the dealer.
I made myself some chicken soup. The soup was delicious. When I tasted the soup it made me feel slightly better.
The day of prom, she decided to do her own hair. It turned out horribly, and prom was an hour away. Erica's friend rushed over and fixed her hair, saving the day.
He was thirsty but ran out of water a while back. There was a puddle near by. He drank from the puddle.
Her mother told her in 3 Days. 3 Days felt like an eternity. But Gina had no choice, so she was forced to wait.
I thought for sure I'd be lost out there forever. But suddenly, a light from across the woods shone brightly. My parents had been looking for me, and now I was safe and sound.
But when she'd get up in the morning, it would be gone. One day she got up extra early. When she looked outside there was a fat squirrel eating her tomatoes.
When I got there, Bobby surprised me. It was a party with many of our friends for my upcoming birthday. I never suspected a thing, but it was a great evening.
He found a celeb in the city. He asked to play them a song. They liked it and got him famous.
Yesterday, as the crew ate on the beach, Mike had an idea. He took off in their helicopter. Next, he landed the helicopter on the beach and ruined their meals.
He decided to teach his girlfriend how to play it. She learned a basic beat quickly. Together, they were able to make a little song.
The day of the competition, she decorated her cake carefully. She was nervous as the judges tasted all the cakes. When they called her name as winner, she was so happy.
Only problem was he wouldn't be moved up a level. He was so disappointed. He ended up quitting because of it.
The two walked to a neighborhood park. They found a spot with a good view. When the moon came out, they enjoyed the amazing appearance.
Jay told him politely that he can not have free food. The customer got rowdy so that jay had to call the cops. The cops escorted the customer out.
Everyone went crazy. So many wanted headphones. So the store went sold out right away.
I have asked my mother to be at the hospital with me during my surgery She will drive me to and from the event and take care of me afterwards I am grateful that I have such a loving mother in my life.
It was her first car. Her parents gave her the keys. She drove the car carefully.
One day I decided to loosen the cap on the salt shaker Bill was using. He began to pour salt on his food and dumped out the whole thing. I laughed and told Bill that he really had it coming.
I remembered to do it on the second and third day. But I forgot on the last few days. When he came home his flowers were dead.
They wanted Brittany to decide which parent she wanted to live with. It was an impossible decision for her to make. Brittany ended up splitting her time between both homes.
They came back to the hotel and got ready. They went out to a club and danced. It was a very fun weekend.
Corey tried hanging the picture on the nail. The picture fell and broke. Corey had to pick up the broken frame from the floor.
She noticed a crowd gathered in front of a building. She walked over and saw a dancing bear. It was so cool that she gave the trainer a huge tip.
He called the company and they looked into the problem. They were able to fix it in an hour. Sam was frustrated but happy he had the internet back.
Timmy tried to find a location to cash his check in town. He eventually found a branch for his bank and walked in. They cashed his check and Timmy took his money home.
However, when he was about to go, he could not find his tent. He ended up staying home. All that money spent ended up being for nothing.
She was very particular. She finally found a Marc Jacobs bag at Bloomingdales. She immediately picked it up.
After two weeks of reading the book he felt he was ready. With his new knowledge he started tinkering with the DVD player. On his first try the DVD powered up and he fixed it.
His dad made him cut it for family photos. He told the barber not to cut that much. He now has a buzzcut and bad attitude.
He suddenly remembered he had a coupon for half off a pizza order. John called the pizza company and ordered the pizza. John ate a wonderful, hot, delicious pizza for dinner.
But this time I noticed a puddle. In it were a couple dozen tadpoles. They were swimming around in circles.
We left it where she could find it. We found her going crazy over that toy. To this day, she cleans that thing.
He liked to enjoy the scenery. One day while walking, he was almost hit by a car. He never walked slowly again.
At the park, he saw a group of unfamiliar people playing. One of the guys playing basketball asked Greg to join the game. Greg was relieved that he was going to get to play.
The class was assigned to complete a landscape. While Amy was at the sink Sara spilled red paint on her white pants. Amy was furious but refused to give Sara the pleasure of a reaction
Her granddaughter lost the children, 10 and 2, to social services. Ann worked so hard to take care of them she caught a cold. She just lost her voice and is seeing a doctor.
Luke camped out to be in line for the pre sale of movie tickets. When he got up to the cashier they told him he was the lucky winner. Luke had won VIP tickets to the private pre screening of the movie.
They settled in New Hampshire and lived there for twenty years. After they left New Hampshire they tried New York. Brady and his wife lived out their lives in New York.
Now Martin was making a tall tower of pallets. The tower nearly reached the ceiling of the building. Martin took great satisfaction with finally knocking it over.
Her mother banished her to her room for those 2 days. Her mother took her laptop, and her phone from her. Beth sat in the room for 2 days bored.
They fell off. We bought glue tabs but they did not work. This year we found the cards would stay on the closet door.
Her meal was sat down in front of her. She saw the shrimp little legs and its tail. She didn't like shrimp after that.
The waiter told them they had both red and white wine. The customer said that she would like red. The waiter told her that it was a good choice as he wrote it down.
He asked for new toys and some clothes. His main desire was a new computer. He hoped Santa would bring him everything he asked for.
Martin agreed to go on any ride except for the roller coaster. Jim offered Martin $50 if he would ride the roller coaster with him. Martin enjoyed the ride so much he rode it 10 times that day.
He didn't know much about them. He accidentally pointed one at a friend. It went off and shot the friend dead on the spot.
But it took forever. We were on the road for hours. Finally we made it home and we were exhausted.
The mall decided to press charges. My son went to prison for one month. Luckily, he learned his lesson and improved his ethics.
The cook tried to speak to me in a different language. I didn't understand however, my friend did. She ended up translating for me.
Grandma suggested they start with something easier. Lucy was upset that her grandma had no faith in her. Lucy finally agreed to start with a pillow.
But she lost track of time! She left the bleach on for far too long. Her roots ended up much lighter than the rest of her hair!
At the audition she was perfect. Beth stood nervously with the others waiting to hear who made the cut. When her name was read as Juliet Beth let out a shout of joy.
They grill up lots of meat. This time they messed up and undercooked the meat. Everyone ended up getting sick.
The cole-slaw smelled a bit off, but Mary set it out on the table. Later that day, several people at the picnic felt ill. Mary said her co-worker's potato salad must have spoiled.
Chip burns the food. Chip is fired. Chip goes home to look for more work.
Jasper and Stacy got married when they were twenty years old. They eventually had three children. Jasper realized that love can definitely work out.
I brought just a few novels and my writing supplies. I wrote a great novel while I lived there. It never got published.
In the meanwhile, Dustin took a duster. He took a ladder to the top of the curtains, in order to dust it. Several hours later, everyone finished their jobs.
Recently I went shopping for trees with lights. I found one with batteries but the lights are white. I was more pleased to get a multi-colored tree.
They happily went out into the warm summer sunshine. They played tag and kickball for hours. When they finally came in, they were exhausted!
I look for music inspiration in nature. I've listened to what the birds and squirrels squawk about. They squawk about world peace and evolution.
He gained 30 pounds. He wanted to lose the weight. He worked out everyday for an hour.
She gathered the materials and she found a tutorial. She worked all night sewing her new hat. At work, everyone complimented her unique hat.
She stayed in Madrid for a few days before heading out to explore. Her explorations led her to walk the Camino de Santiago. Two months later she flew back to the United States a happy woman.
Finally she buys a beautiful new swimsuit for her trip. She packs all of her things into her bag and she is ready to go. Rhonda can't wait until that airplane takes off.
Juliet drove to the grocery store to purchase the ingredients. Unfortunately, the store was all out of tuna. Frustrated, Juliet bought two frozen pizzas instead.
The opponent was from another school. After a hard game, Tim's team lost. However, they were happy they had fun.
He works hard and has a varying schedule. They refuse to give him full time. He doesn't know what to do about the bills.
Jennifer climbed the fence and her jeans caught on the top. She hung from her pants until her Grandmother came to help her. Jennifer ruined her favorite pair of pants that day.
I got distracted and forgot to take them out of the oven in time. All of the cookies were burned! I was very upset, but decided to do another batch.
He was determined to find a new job. He filled each one out and returned it. Kyle found a new job quickly due to his diligence.
They asked their grandparents to take them. They thought that was a great idea. The kids had a great time at the zoo!
She knew it was a silly thing to be passionate about. One day, Sarah's friend gave her a present. It was just a giant bag of tater tots, and Sarah had never been happier.
One day, there was an intruder in her backyard. And the goose made loud honking noises. It was enough to wake up Sarah in time.
Sean killed Morgan to claim the crown for himself. Little did he know, Sal, Morgan's son was waiting to confront him. Sal banished Sean from the kingdom and became the new king.
All of the neighborhood kids came out to play. They built snow men and igloos. The next day they were sad to have to go back to school.
She asked them if she could play alongside them. They rudely told her no. Susie went home feeling even lonelier than before.
They were so happy to receive the socks. They wore them every day. Logan felt accomplished because they had loved his socks.
His mother suggested they build a snowman. Bob really liked the idea. Bob and his mother built a great snowman.
He was still alive. His tentacles were twitching pathetically. It hurt when I picked him up to throw him in the water.
He went to his usual movie theater yesterday. He saw that the doors were closed and the lights were off. Lester was angry that his favorite movie theater closed down.
When it was lunch time he took out his food. The chocolate had melted entirely. He had to scrape off the chocolate to get to his lunch.
He ended up making the problem worse. Eventually, he called a repairman. But it would have cost half as much if he never touched it.
After we started feeding him the new food he started farting. Not just little farts - there were ones you could hear across the room So for the time being he's not allowed to sleep in my bed!
One day she decided to make cookies all by herself. But when she was finished, the cookies were burnt and misshapen. In spite of that, Betty was determined she would learn to bake.
So he called up his skilled friend for help. His friend came over and quickly installed the radio. Chuck was so happy, he gave his friend $20 to thank him!
However this morning she lost track of it. She looked all over town trying to find it. Thankfully she found it after all in her neighbor's yard.
Until Nick came home  and cleared out his closest. I made him wash his own clothes that night. Now he knows to put them in the Laundry.
He was surprised to see that new running shorts were so expensive. However, he decided to buy a pair, despite the price. Now Javier looks great in his new running shorts.
She loved sketching with her pencil. Her professor told her she should try a marker. Now Sally is famous for marker paintings!
Marie decided to get a mouse trap. Eventually, a mouse was caught in the trap. Marie no longer heard the noises at night.
To her dismay, her doctor had said she was having a girl. But on delivery day, Even got a happy surprise. She gave birth to a happy, healthy baby - boy!
He picked the one he liked best. After taking proper safety precautions he started shooting. He had a lot of fun and wants to do it again soon.
He drove to his hardware store. He bought wooden planks and nails. He built the fence by himself in a week.
His dad was proud of him. Timothy was proud too. They had a good time that day.
Finally he made a dentist appointment and got the cavity fixed. Within a day, all his tooth pain was gone. Soon he was back to eating chips!
David and his friends were riding very fast on the jetskis. In a brief moment, David fell off of his jetski. He hurt his elbow and had to leave the lake.
One day his sister Rachel gave him a banjo for his birthday. Ron was appalled until he heard Rachel strum a few notes. He soon learned to play the banjo quite well and now Ron is in a band.
One day he discovered that he took a picture of a crime. He took the photos to the police station. Benny eventually became a police officer because of the photos.
She fell asleep halfway through the book. She slept for a couple of hours before she woke up. Her entire body was sore from being sun burnt.
People were dressed up on floats. It was very crowded. Out of all those people I made two friends.
He went home and studied as hard as he could. He went to school the next day confident he would pass. He passed the exam and was very happy.
She practiced very hard. Shelby did her best at tryouts. She made the team!
He tried to walk away quickly but it was following him. Tony started running. He didn't want the skunk to spray him!
He went his local sporting goods store. Sam bought his first ever baseball glove. He was so proud he ran straight home to show his parents.
The personal trainer was helpful at first. However he started to maker her feel bad about her body. Martha became angry and fired her personal trainer.
He wrote a research paper on the origins of black slavery in America. He was so awestruck by what he read, he wanted to help. Frederick started the History of Slavery in America Club on his campus.
One day, the rabbit started getting very fat. The girl was worried about the rabbit, and so she took it to the vet. The vet found out the rabbit wasn't fat, it was pregnant!
They made a pizza, popcorn, and grabbed other snacks. The girls walked back to the living room toting lots of food. Lynn's mom remarked the girls looked like ants hauling their bounty.
She had planned to ride on everything at the carnival. It began to rain at the carnival causing Ellie to seek shelter. Once the rain had passed Ellie went back to enjoying her day.
He thinks of creative ways to make time go by faster. He gives his students a daily project to work on. Before he knew it Frank was on summer vacation and very happy.
She was in the middle of stirring the pasta. Suddenly, she spotted a bug in her noodles. She was disgusted and threw the whole thing out.
She attached them to the last item in her home and changed her mind. She didn't like pom poms anymore. She had to start to remove them all!
The game was about to begin Randy was with another woman in a white van Randy disappointing his kids by not showing up to the game
Charles shook with the vibration of the bus and laughed. A guy flirted with his mother. But Charles didn't care, he was having the ride of his life.
Sarah noticed that the pizza seemed too crowded. She pointed it out and her boss considered it. She ended up agreeing and they changed the pizza procedure.
He tested different ones and found the one he liked. Then he went home and found the best deal online. He got it within a couple of days and was really happy.
Brad was able to obtain his father's number through the internet. They scheduled a meeting at a local restaurant. They met for dinner and were able to reconnect with each other.
The were amazed at the beautiful beach and pools. They spent the week relaxing and making memories. They couldn't wait to repeat that amazing week!
Finally she got so upset that she yelled out for them to stop. First one then the other blinked and looked at her. Then they came to sit next to her on the couch and all watched tv.
He convinced his family members to play roles in the video. Austin worked hours on editing his video. When finished, he held a viewing party and his family loved it!
Bjorn and his crew were in search of a new land. One day land was spotted on the horizon. The crew of Vikings made landfall in England.
She decided to cut her next class and read in the library. But the librarian caught her and told her teacher! Anna got in trouble for cutting class.
He took first place! After the race his friends took him out to celebrate. Jake was so happy and smiled all day.
There was one little boxer puppy who was very cute and adorable. He pulled on Kate's pants leg while barking. Kate and Bailey took the little pup home with them.
Suzanne misunderstood Tommy, and got upset. Suzanne left the party in tears. Tommy later apologized, even though he had done nothing wrong.
It became obvious that it wouldn't fit right. With the help of his friends, he was able to flip it. Then, they were able to squeeze it through the door.
His neighbor got a ladder out. Hot neighbor climbed the ladder and got the cat. He gave the cat safely to Billy.
But she wasn't able to do anything about it. She drove toward the street to cross to the other side. Gina saw you couldn't drive on the street, or across it either
She watched as it got dark outside. Soon the wind and snow was raging! The snowstorm was severe and intimidating.
It was cold and refreshing. She added a bunch of sugar and a lemon. Her thirst was quenched.
Todd build a fire so they could cook dinner and stay warm. They roasted hot dogs around the fire, had s'mores, and told stories. Then they set up their sleeping bags and went to sleep.
After finding the recipe, Barry gathered the ingredients. Once the batter was mixed, Barry began baking the cupcakes. After tasting, Barry realized he loved baking cupcakes.
He decided to get a part time job for some extra money. He finally raised enough money for a new car. He now races his fast car with those of his friends.
After she left, my cousin called asking for help in math. When I went to visit my aunt, no one was home. We promised to hang out, but she had to go to work.
Joe enjoyed the taste, but his friends didn't. His friends promised that he would never get to order for them again. Joe was sad, and ate all of his troubles away.
The lady gave him a great haircut. However, she roped him into buying pomade. He never went back to that salon.
He sees a terrific winter cap at a local shop. Although the price is more than he wants to pay, he buys it. Marco is so glad to have a cap for the warmer weather.
She decided to just let her filter go and pour her heart out. The resulting song was extremely soulful. It ended up being very successful.
At the store there were no carts in the parking lot. Lucy asked her grandma where you would leave one. She was shocked to find a person brings your bags to your car for you.
She got up and started towards the door. She was stopped by the receptionist. Gina wasn't allowed to leave until she had seen the principal.
But the gallery paid Adrian only twelve dollars per hour. Therefore, Adrian approached a wealthy widow and talked about art. She thought Adrian was a wealthy art dealer and got his phone number.
Saturday it rained. The Perez family was sad that they had to stay home. They had a good day playing board games at home.
The psychic kept getting things wrong. Whitney knew it had been a waste of her time. She told her friends never to do that again.
Inside he found a comic book hidden away in a folder. He looked up the value online and his jaw dropped. His comic book was worth thousands of dollars because it was vintage!
Reggie got some electronics and some beer for later. Reggie headed home and went to turn left at a green light. A vehicle with a turn signal did not turn and crashed into Reggie.
One day, he fell sick. I took him to the doctor. It turns out my dog had an allergy to the dog food.
He ran towards the door and realized a shoe was gone. Anthony searched frantically for twenty minutes. He finally found his shoe and was late for work as a result.
All the clutter was stored in multiple boxes. Lois wasn't sure what to do with everything. She decided she would donate them to charity.
To his surprise, his teacher informed him that he had passed. Arnie was confused. His teacher explained that he had answered an extra credit question.
She got dye and a perm to restore his blonde curls. They went to the doctor for the boy's rash from the harsh chemicals. When the doctor saw the boy's dark roots, he looked at Linda.
He wanted to make sure it wasn't in bad shape. His friend teddy said he should hire a home inspector. He was very glad he hired one because he found lots of issues.
He decided to go to a restaurant. He forgot most restaurants closed today. There was one Chinese restaurant thankfully open.
The dog chased him until he got to the fence. That squirrel bothered him every day! He sat on the deck and waited for the creature to come back in.
The zoo was far away but they got there by the afternoon. They saw most of the animals and got to touch a giraffe. They had to go home in time for dinner.
He usually just goes for fun and to work out. This time it was to meet a friend. He was stood up but still enjoyed himself.
Kim insisted she only spoke facts. Amy grabbed Kim's brownie, and threw it in the trash. She walked to her table as Kim watched in a stunned silence.
As soon as the light turned green Tim was off. It was a close race but Tim pulled ahead at the end. Tim won and felt proud
He was about to start yelling when the agent asked what email he had. He told her, and she immediately pointed out that was the wrong email. He sheepishly entered the correct email, which worked perfectly.
He spent the next month collecting cans. He turned the cans in for cash. He went out and bought the game.
She was afraid the other girls would make fun of her. But they loved the dress. She ended up with three orders for dresses.
One day, the lunch box fell apart in the washing machine. Karl's mother was very upset. She made him take his lunch in a paper bag instead.
Susan's horse spooked at a squirrel that ran across their path. Susan fell off of her horse and cut her head. Susan needed stitches to close the cut on her head.
He put soap in the washer and shut the lid. Later he went to get the clothes out of the washer. The load was to full and Daniel broke the washing machine.
When we came out of the restaurant the car was gone. It had been towed and we paid $150 to get it out. It was a very expensive dinner.
It popped and got into her long hair! She and Frankie tried and tried to get it out but it was stuck. She had to cut off six inches of her hair to get it out.
Amanda talked about the product with her doctor. Surprisingly, Amanda was shocked to find that her doctor sold the item On her next trip, Amanda was happy to report that the product worked.
He dragged himself to work. He spend the day in a haze. First thing he did when he got home was to finish the book.
I was bored in the outfield, so I was spinning in full speed circles. We were playing on black top. I tripped and ended up knocking three teeth out, I hate PE.
The ultrasound technician told them that her babies were doing great. Mary and her husband were confused to what that meant. To their surprise, the technician told them they were having twins.
Sometimes he would invite friends to join. He wondered if he would ever beat it. He finally did but then decided to start over once more.
During lunch, he tried to sit next to her. Isabella asked if he wanted to be friends, and he said yes. The next day at school, they played together during recess.
They also had a different musician every night. We went on opening night. They had fireworks at the end of the night.
However, not many people listened to his show. Holmberg was running out of money! Holmberg was forced to shut down his radio show and get a job.
He hated his job, and wanted to quit. One day he overslept and was fired for missing half of his shift. Stephen was relieved to be free of the job.
One day Dave saw John getting chased by a dog. Dave stopped the dog and saved John. After that John was much nicer to Dave.
Carefully, I placed the tea next to her. When she picked it up she shook, spilling tea everywhere. I awkwardly apologized to her for no good reason.
Although Ally was honest, Jake often cheated. To be able to compete, Ally started cheating. Ally won every game they played.
They watched intently as the bands and floats walked by. The caught candy when it was tossed toward them. They had a fun time at the parade!
Abdullah does his leg routine. Abdullah cleans up and heads home. He passes out for a nap because he's exhausted from leg day.
He hid on the bottom shelf behind a stack of paper towels. His mom freaked out and looked all over the store for him. When she finally found him, she grounded him for a month.
One day in Ricardo's mansion, he told Julie to be open minded. Then he said she would never be his only girlfriend. That answered Julie's question about is he'd marry her.
Someone came in to rob him. He gave them all the beer in stock. They got away.
One day I lost Bob outside. I looked all over for Bob. I found bob playing with the neighbors dog.
But then, she threw the stick a little too far. It landed in the bushes. The dog came back with a live, but very angry, squirrel.
They became friends and she encouraged him to go outside again. When Chris tried it he was amazed at how bright it was outside. He promised his worker he would try it more.
he started seeing public housing and suspicious characters. He got scared and drove away as fast as he could. He gets out of the area in the next 10 minutes.
The next day he learned that he got the job. He started working and saving his money. Dave still is homeless because he spends that money on alcohol.
There, he visited a war memorial and a museum. He loved learning about Saigon's history. he had a great time on his educational trip.
Once at the top they gave it a push and watched. The ball sped down the hill and crashed into a tree. All the men cheered and ran after the ball to do it again.
I wished they hadn't posted them. Then I realized that I shouldn't hate the way I look. I decided it was okay for my friends to post the pictures of me.
But then she saw all kinds of beetles scurrying around! May was disgusted and threw her digging implements down. She decided not to make mud pies after all.
She was low on gas. She decided not to stop to get more. She barely made it to school before stalling out.
Jerry isn't the kind of guy to let a small illness keep him down. Tonight he plans to attend a concert with his girlfriend. Jerry is hopeful that he will feel better by then.
On his visit he tried a lot of terrific food. Unfortunately, he became sick on the last day of his visit. Despite his sickness, Riley considered this the trip of his life.
But they told him they only carried pork! Ari was dejected and disappointed. He had to order a bag of potato chips instead.
Coco would sleep through her alarm every morning. Her boss wasn't satisfied with her daily tardiness. Coco lost her job and had to learn to go to bed early.
I was walking so fast that I slipped and fell. To my embarrassment there was a girl watching me. She pointed and laughed as I picked myself up off the floor.
It was an SD card that she had lost. She uploaded it on her computer. Then, she discovered a bunch of long lost photos.
Her mother said that there was, but Clara wasn't invited. Clara asked why, her mother didn't know. Clara texted her sister a very angry message about the party.
Finally, he pushed away from the desk, his old steady companion. Smiling to himself, he realized he was a free man. The book was finished he thought as he walked out of the room.
The next day she found out she won. Kelly couldn't believe it. Her wishes came true.
I grabbed a few. They were all jolly ranchers But only one of them was the flavor I wanted.
Her long hair made her feel hot. But she liked how it helped her appearance. Jane decided not to cut her hair.
It wasn't long enough to braid. He decided to shave it off. Now he looks weird.
Later a member of the hotel's upper management is seen at a bar. He's showing the video to people, laughing and making fun of her body. All decent people vow to never stay at a Marriott hotel again.
He quickly wrote a news story on the subject. He put his news story online. Many people read it.
Larissa tried to be mean to her boyfriend by hitting him. Her boyfriend called the police on her. Larissa is now in jail for assault and battery.
She tried yelling at him. In addition, she flipped over his chair. He looked at her as if she was crazy lunatic.
She claimed it was her boyfriend but he was already on the ground. She bragged on him but her co-workers doubted her. She admitted the truth but her embarrassment cost us our friendship.
He set the mirror down just fine. We looked at our faces, making funny smiles and toothy grins. The mirror fell forward and broke, giving us both bad luck.
He found them dry and boring. He read novels instead. His abilities as an editor improved naturally.
Doug left his wife Robin for Tracy. I used to think Doug was wrong leaving his wife. I have since learned it was inevitable.
As soon as the concert started she was in heaven. At the end of the show she got to meet the bandmates. Just as she thought, they were super nice.
She tried growing an apple tree, but the vibes covered that too. Then, in the fall, the vibes began to droop with round orbs. Melanie had grown hundreds of grapes for her family!
One day he bought a new expensive knife for the restaurant. He soon became addicted to chopping. He chopped off his wife's head with the knife.
Bob researched on the Internet for many days. A post told him to disable one of the problematic system daemons. Bob did what it said and now his computer will boot up again.
I asked him how it was being treated. He said he was taking antibiotics. I wished him good luck.
Joe liked the features of the iphone. He bought the iphone when a promotion came up. Joe received his phone and was very pleased.
She made it most of the way safely. But then, near home, she struck another vehicle. Ellen was arrested for drunk driving.
She stays late and goes in early and also works from home. I took her out to dinner to celebrate. I'm proud to be married to such a hard worker.
You pull up and they write down your order. You then pull up a little further to the rectory and wait for food. They bring the food out with utensils and napkins and you leave.
He began to cry inconsolably. A nurse offered to to take him to pick out a toy. Alex chose a stuffed animal and started to feel better.
They canoed all day long. At night they pitched a tent to sleep in. In the morning they packed up all their gear and went home.
On his first day, he met a beautiful woman that he talked to. She soon became his girlfriend. He totaled forgot about his nervousness, and focused on her.
He plucked it off and put it in a jar. He knew his kids would like to play with it. The snail was interesting to watch.
He bought language books and started reading. It was really difficult. He gave up and decided not to go to Germany.
She went to her favorite boutique and looked around. After some time, she found a lovely dress. She bought the dress and wore it to the party.
We were surprised to find the old mansion had a guided tour. The kindly woman asked us if we knew cannibals had once lived there. As her friends appeared with knives, we surmised they did, still.
They gobbled them up quickly. They had been starving! They ate every piece, then went out to play.
Noah was worried he would not be ready for the meet. He was going to run by himself at least once this week. He got an email from his coach saying they added a practice.
She attended them weekly. She had a great time there. She met many friends there.
So the day he found his trainer was absent, he saw an opportunity. He jumped straight into his squats without stretching or warming up. Both thighs strained, now he understands the importance of stretching.
Her class became extremely loud. Alice stepped back into the room. Alice punished the class by keeping them in for recess.
Alas, when he tried to talk to her his mind went empty. He ended up staring creepily at the girl. The girl got scared and walked away.
He was very sure that he would end up alone and bitter. And then, when he least expected it, he met a woman. They fell in love, and married a few years later.
They did not like Peanut staring at them with his big brown eyes. Becky gave him a snack out of the fridge. Peanut is not hungry anymore.
Nick scrubbed the sides of the tank. He proceeded to fill it with fresh water. The tank looked crystal clear when he was finished.
At the deli Amy found a LeAnn Chin. She had no idea there was fast food Chinese food. Amy loved it so much she ate it the next day as well.
I looked at it and it was black. I was rather disappointed. But I ended up eating it anyway.
She feared her shyness would render her unpopular. But on her first day, she just smiled and tried to be friendly. And before she knew it, she had made dozens of friends!
The part holding the phone to the lanyard snapped off. I started looking online to buy another lanyard. My wife was able to repair the lanyard, so I did not have to buy one.
As the prom draws nearer she starts to lose hope. Finally Tyler asks her to the prom Jen is so relieved to have a prom date.
Martin was nervous and didn't do a good job. The family that bought the birthday party complained. Martin was never asked to host a birthday party again.
I lost my balance and the phone smashed the ground. I was devastated because the phone was expensive. Thankfully I found a place to fix it.
It's been awhile since he wrote a song. He wrote a song about the girl who dumped him. He uploaded it online.
During recess, they climbed onto a building. And they held out a milk carton attached to an invisible string. Tim began to cry and was eventually taken home.
And he became decent at tennis. But the tennis center closed down before Andy could go very far. And Andy gave up on being a tennis player.
Finally he called her. She asked where he was. She was waiting at a different restaurant!
She went to the doctor and he told her she had the flu. She went and got medicine and orange juice. She began to feel better in a couple days.
She searched everywhere for her, but couldn't find her. She was about to give up. Luckily, she noticed Jessie outside talking on her phone.
My friends laughed and said that frogs cannot be purple. I looked in several books and found out there really are purple frogs. I enjoyed telling my friends that they were wrong.
But he didn't count on tracker dogs! The guards set dogs on his scent. Within hours, Niles was caught and jailed - again.
She didn't love that the dog peed on the floor. Jenna looked up videos on how to potty train a dog. Now her dog goes potty outside like a good dog.
He decided to write a song to get his feelings out. Soon, everyone was sharing the song. Harry felt glad know he had made a lasting tribute to his friend.
Mom was unhappy about the stickers on the walls. Liam had to clean all the stickers off. Mom gave Liam a sticker book so now he can start a new collection.
He wanted Joey there as soon as possible to cover April's shift. Joey could have said no, but he decided it was his duty to show up. He told his boss he'd be there in fifteen minutes.
When they told their parents, they were forbidden to visit the man. One day, the sound of the birds stopped. Feeling ostracized, the man had moved away.
After a week, the daily walks became a burden. Nina informed Mary that she will not watch the dog in the future. Now Mary has to find a new dog sitter.
He came up to us to brag about his exploits on the waves. I handed him my surfboard and invited him to show us firsthand. Rick hasn't been around to brag to us lately.
They both ran a good campaign and worked hard. Their classmates voted on who they wanted. Ashley won by Twenty votes.
He tried to pretend that lifting the weights up were easy. However, he struggled to lift them after a few seconds. The girl saw him collapsed on the floor.
She decided to start a fundraiser to raise money for the track. It was a great success, and the track was repaired. Due to her efforts, the school track team made her an honorary member.
The woman met him and explained quickly what was happening. He was amazed by what she told him and excused himself quickly. He had to get home and he had to find help.
His friends loved it. They shared it with their other friends. Frank became famous and made millions of dollars.
They stopped at the door and chatted for awhile. Gina wanted to chat as well. But she was no longer welcome in the group.
Clara made the mud pies to have with pretend tea with her dolls. To make Clara stop making mud pies Mother had Clara eat a mud pie. Clara was grossed out and no longer makes mud pies!
The kids enjoyed ice cream and we enjoyed hot dogs. My husband caught a fly ball. It was an eventful day at the ballpark!
Each day she would organize them. But the next day they were a mess again. She decided she would get a small Tupperware to keep them in.
Ashton tried using regular soap. The soap didn't work as well as his shaving cream. Ashton nicked his face shaving.
We had a great time eating the cookies. There was one cookie left. We decided to split the cookie to avoid fighting over it.
She waited for over an hour, but her date never showed up. Sally decided to stay at the restaurant and enjoy herself. She met a lot of cool people and was glad her date never showed up.
Her friend said yes. They went to a local salad bar. The two friends reconnected and had a great time.
Hank angrily woke up at 10 AM to the sound of loud music. But then he remembered he had work in 30 minutes. This time, Hank was happy about his neighbor's party.
They talked for two minutes non stop about their day. When suddenly a boiling noise made Nancy look at the stove. The milk was spilling everywhere ruining everything.
That  mechanic did not replace seals. She went to another mechanic who ordered the part. The seal will be replaced tomorrow.
Sal begged her mommy to quit smoking. Emma was so touched by Sal's plea. She vowed to start chewing nicotine gum that very same day.
Her father and mother had been at a party all day. At 11 PM they were both still drinking. Gina knew they wouldn't be going home the next day.
She arrived at the first winery and was blown away. It was so beautiful! She enjoyed her afternoon drinking wine and admiring the scenery.
Normally he would not date someone with a cat but he really likes her. The cat wins him over. He realizes that not all cats are jerks.
They used pickle jars that they already had to drink. Their water tasted like pickles. They will remember to bring cups from now on.
I went to the shop and bought a skateboard. I took the board home and practiced for days. I never learned to skate properly.
As she was driving to her new house, she hit a big bump. All the dishes broke! Kim regretting not using more bubble wrap.
He had never seen them so big. Simon was by himself. He thought it was too dangerous and went home.
She decorated the room and made some treats. All his friends came over to celebrate. It was a fun party.
Mike started paying for it on an installment plan. It only took him 3 Years to pay it all off, but then it was all his! To Mike's chagrin, the vacuum broke the very next time he used it.
He thought to first check them out. He found many of them had terrible conditions. So he decided not to invest.
Marty checked to see if everything was set up correctly. He fixed a letter which was off in the forwarder. Gene is getting all his email now.
Several of the nurses mentioned me. They said that I was an extremely wise and a considerate patient. I gave them a hug at the end of the day.
He started to itch his arm but was fine that day. He felt sick the next day. The doctor diagnosed him with a mild illness.
Electronics, some cash, and also some jewelry was missing. Ted called the police, frantic and upset. A few days later, a transient man was arrested for the crime.
One day, after a trip to South Africa, Hector decides to write again! When he finishes the novel, he knows it is his best writing yet. Hector deeply regrets that he had stopped writing for so long.
His mom did not know where he was. They searched for each other for an hour. Tom finally found her.
At the altar, I leaned in to kiss my bride! She smelled the garlic bread from my breath and threw up. It was the worst day of my life.
She asked her grandmother if she had any more milk. She took her to the barn and told her to help herself. Sally sat and started to milk the cow which she had never done before.
However, Henry turned off his phone. Although he said that his phone was dead, it wasn't. The cousin ended up walking away.
She was worried because this was the last bus. But a nice stranger heard her plight. And he paid for her ticket.
She smiled and hugged him. She put them in a vase and admired them. It was so wonderful to have fresh flowers in the house!
When he got home that night, he realized he had a terrible blister. The next morning, the blister was much better. Cory decided to wear better shoes for his second day exploration.
Lucy decided to have a garage sale. She sold over all of the stuff that she didn't want. She ended the day with a clean garage and over two hundred dollars.
He tried to save up money several times but could not. Many years later his mother passed away and left him $30,000. He was finally able to relocate to Washington.
Finally it is Saturday! Johnny and his dad go outside to play catch. They have a wonderful Saturday together.
He couldn't resist buying new parts for his car however. And he had several other cars in his garage. But eventually, Luis had to sell all of them to keep his house.
One day there was a case nobody knew how to solve. Dave took up the case and started his investigation. He solved it immediately and shocked everybody.
Her mom stayed with her and took her to the doctor. The doctor gave her medicine to make her feel better. The medicine worked and she went back to school the next day.
They showed up and got to their seats. The band came on and began to play. Tony and his friends all had a great time.
However, this was no normal police officer that pulled over Chad. Chad was shocked to see Shaquille O'Neal pull him over. Chad was elated to see his favorite basketball player as a police.
Dave really hated this and wanted to get him back. The next time, Dave tricked John and scared him instead! John agreed that it wasn't much fun to be scared.
The new ones required a card and internet access. Some of the older condo owners complained. The board stayed by their decision, and everyone coped with the change.
Mike sustained several injuries, including a concussion. Mike obtained an attorney, and was rewarded with a huge settlement. Mike the mechanic retired to the beaches of Fiji.
There was a bad storm at the camp this week. A tornado ripped the place apart. Allison has to go to a different camp this year.
His mom told Robbie to ask his father. His father told him he was busy. Robbie felt lonely and sat down to cry.
While trying to buy the part, my card had issues. I called my bank and they told me I had a problem to work out. I fixed the issue, and then bought the part with no problem.
He was always overworking them, while also trying to cut salaries. When she saw a Help Wanted ad for a similar job, she knew what to do. Karen's new job was even better, because her boss was actually decent!
He decided to practice on smaller hills. Slowly and steadily he rode up higher and higher hills. Eventually after a month he rode the steep hill to the top.
They decided that they would sneak out of the house after midnight. They were out past curfew and a police officer found them. Peter's parents were awoken by a cop at the door with Peter and Steve.
They needed a medical procedure. The mother is three months pregnant. The couple put the sonogram on their Christmas card.
The ticket taker pitied the boy but couldn't do what he wanted. The boy began to dance for the people in line to earn money. The boy bought his ticket and gave the ticket taker a dirty look.
However, she struggled paying bills a few days later. Her car bill was $90, the same amount she spent on the food. When her boyfriend asked if she wanted to hang out, she yelled at him.
He decided to continue on when they were struck by a torpedo. Everybody clambered onto lifeboats. Because of quick action, everyone survived.
She watched the whole thing one night. When she was done, she left a comment. After that, she shared the video online.
I never thought they would make a new Star Wars movie. A new Star Wars movie is coming out at the end of 2015. I'm going to wait in line for a week before the premier.
He jumped on and started to slide down. Water splashed in his face and he screamed and laughed. It was such a fun slide!
He tries to woo her with money and goods. She seduces her boss. Her boss and wife get divorced and he marries his assistant.
Dogs started barking. Tom couldn't relax. Tom put on large headphones and was able to relax.
She decided to send a prank email to his girlfriend. When her brother found out, he was very mad. Emily got in big trouble with her mom.
He tried to anyway on Friday. He lost horribly and was humiliated. Now he listens to his friend more.
But that ended up causing some trouble. When Anna disembarked, she grabbed the wrong bag! Luckily, her seatmate had contact info printed inside her bag.
Kevin grabbed the first chocolate bar he saw and took a bite. The chocolate was delicious and he knew he had to buy it. At the end of the transaction, Kevin spent about $50.
The road was jammed bumper to bumpers. I was forced to sit practically still for hours. When I finally got home, my wife was angry at me for being late.
That's when he met Sabrina and they started dating. Charles told her he never dated a white girl before. Sabrina said she wasn't white, but Brazilian.
It is right in my price range too. I hope my husband likes it. I would really like to move in.
Amy and Sue had a conversation to work out their differences. Sue seemed to understand why Amy was upset. Amy left that day confident she and Sue were going to get along.
The girls had a blast. Unfortunately they lost power. The girls then had to turn on the generator.
He stood under a tree, trying to cover his computer bag. He finished the walk home after it stopped raining. His computer screen stopped working because it got wet.
James practiced every day and fell many times. One day, James' big brother helped him learn. With his brother's help, James successfully skated for the first time!
He picked a movie, made some food and got some wine. They drank and hand fun. It relaxed her and put her in a good mood.
He was taken to the hospital by helicopter ambulance. We drove to the hospital to see how he was doing. He died of a heart attack because of the difficult hike.
The buyer invoked the fine print on the futures contract. He declined to accept the shipment. In the end, the ship and cargo were scuttled for the insurance money.
She wrote to many of them every day. But when it came down to it, she had no real friends. And when she needed support or help, she was alone.
If they came by land, he'd flash it two. They came by land. He flashed the warning light twice!
He scratched the ticket eagerly. Then he doubled over in shock. Han's ticket was a big winner!
Tim looked for a hair drier but it was broken. He sat in front of a fan to dry his hair. The fan worked very slowly but it worked.
They twisted their limbs around playing on the board. They laughed and giggled. It was their new favorite game!
The only problem was that I got majorly sick. I spent most of the trip in bed. I learned to take better care of myself next time.
Everyone told her she would catch a disease one day. She found a raccoon digging in her trash and brought it in as a pet. Jannie no longer picks up stray animals thanks to poison ivy.
He just couldn't understand where he'd last had it. Then he remembered he'd taken it into town for re-sizing. He called the store he'd taken it to and, by golly, they had the ring.
He started going to Boot Camp every day and got really buff. By the time the race came up, he had bulked up considerably. Jeremy ran an amazing race and was so happy he did it.
I waited and watched for fish. I felt something bite my hook. I reeled in the fish into the shore.
As I sat on the cart, we started zooming. We twisted and turned very fast. I started to feel sick.
I always get the veggie pizza. Whole foods charges a small amount too. I picked some up yesterday.
My friend snuck a beer from her dad. We all sat in a circle and took a sip of the beer. We thought it was horrible and washed our mouths out with pool water.
After hiking a short distance they noticed that the trail stopped. Supposing that they'd taken the wrong trail, they turned around. But later they found out that the new trail had just been cut short.
He didn't get any replies back for interviews. Joe had to move back to his parent's house. He had to get a part-time job delivering pizzas to support himself.
I began to head back to my room for privacy. On the way I realized I wasn't going to get there fast enough. As I ran to my hotel I ended up spraying feces down the hall.
I asked my husband if he knew where my shoes were. I sat down on the couch to think for a minute. On the couch cushion I found my shoes and was able to go to work.
He carefully laid it over the subfloor. It looked wonderful! Harold couldn't wait to show it off to his family.
Jeff stormed over to his house to talk about this injustice. The neighbor punched Jeff in the face before he could speak. Jeff limped home and painted his box green the next day.
She was really disappointed and didn't know what to do. Finally, she decided to just enjoy the gifts that had arrived. When the late gifts did arrive, she enjoyed them just as much.
The audience noticed and started to get restless. Mister Song opened the piano and peered inside. A mouse was running around on the strings, dampening the sound.
First they made snow angels. Then they made a huge crooked snowman. They ended a day with a snowball fight before going back in.
When she arrived she found the shoes were $30 more than online. The cashier explained online prices are often cheaper. Amy left the store upset with the deception.
He applied to many, but knew he wanted to go to U of M. When the time came, Tim packed his bags and moved there. Going to college was the most exciting thing to him.
Jimmy searched online for a new laptop. He found a deal through eBay. Jimmy got his laptop in the mail a few days later.
So he cleaned them as quickly as possible. After Tom ate dinner, he felt sick. He realized he didn't do a thorough job of washing the dishes.
A couple people got caught leaving their rooms at night. They didn't get in too much trouble. But they apologized to the rest of us.
He works very hard to design a modern look for his coffee shop. On his first day, Horace has many customers who order coffee. He is very proud that he has finally opened a coffee shop.
He wondered why the tea tasted so weak. He looked at the box of tea bags for directions. He realized he should have used hot water to steep the tea.
It's so much fun, they don't even stop to reapply sunscreen. Later that night, a sunburn can be seen on his face and shoulders. Landon realized that mom really does know what's best!
Collin made the purchase and was leaving the store. As he was walking to his car a gust of wind blasted past him! His wife's coat was ripped out of his hands and flew off into the sky!
Rebecca finds her new diet very challenging. However, eventually she finds that she is losing weight. She is very happy that her diet is working.
Charles was badly injured. He woke up with no memory of what happened. His crew informed him his name was Lydia, and he was their maid.
The message contained a link to a video. Beth watched the video with her friends. Everyone laughed at the funny video.
He would have to miss work for over a week. Then he went downtown and got good news. They had already picked a full jury and did not need Ed!
I swam down and picked it up. It was an old bottle cap. I was disappointed because it wasn't treasure.
She will use the funds to purchase plane tickets. Helen was able to save just enough for the trip to aunt Alice house. She spent Christmas time with her aunt Alice.
Mary continued to listen to her favorite song. Two blocks later, Mary was pulled over. The cop gave her a warning after hearing her plea.
He ran through the checklist. Everything was ready to go. He was ready to drive in the race.
He bought the part online. Once he got the part he started to assemble his own computer. His new computer is much faster than the old one.
Later, he went out to the lake with his gear and jumped in. He swam around and found treasures at the bottom of the lake. Jeremy happily swam to the surface with his new trophies.
One day, his father was killed in a battle. The boy packed up his things and left. He was never the same kind, innocent boy again.
We were together for several weeks so I can monitor her. Before I was about to leave, she was about to run into a glass window. I immediately ran after her to redirect her.
She sold a piece for a million dollars. She used the money to support other artists. Becky started her own foundation.
Michael and his family began stocking up on food and supplies. The snowstorm did severe damage to Michael's house. Michael was happy because no one in his family got hurt.
Several minutes later, the trash was picked up by the garbageman. After spending 20-30 minutes looking for it, I asked my mom. When she told me that she threw it away, I became mad.
He spent more time at the bar to find out why. It turned out the bartender was giving away free drinks to girls. Tom immediately fired him.
Rupert got up to peek inside of his closet. He found only his shirts hanging in there. Rupert laughed as he fell asleep.
Another kid told Jamie what Josh had said. Jamie was not pleased. The gossip had caused a rift between the boys.
He offered to take the report card to his mother instead. To his dismay he was told the cards were mailed the day before. Dan ran all the way home hoping to get there before his parents.
But wicked Eva decided she could still be rich by selling her jewelry. She was shocked when the jeweler said all her rings were fake! So evil Eva finished her lonely life in poverty.
He tried calling several friends but nobody answered their phones. Finally, his best friend answered his call and arrived to help. They both finished the yard work together.
I researched the Internet and bought heavy duty non skid tips. The tips lasted twice as long and let me walk with greater confidence. I went online and gave the tips positive feedback.
Ellen applied the dye and waited for it to work. When Ellen rinsed out the dye, her hair was darker than before. Then, Ellen realized she needed to bleach her hair first.
Brian was nervous as he went up to the plate. But he hit the ball on his first try, and it flew into the outfield. Brian made it to the home plate, and the game was won!
One day, she could only find one rainbow sock. She searched high and low for the missing sock. After an hour, she found it in the closet.
I stared at the pudding longingly. I couldn't take the waiting anymore. Suddenly, my brother came through the door and we all enjoyed pudding.
He skipped the exercises because he thought he knew the answers. And he quickly tossed aside the book when he finished. When Omar took his calculus test, he had no idea what to do.
They told me to go to Ikea and look there. I went to Ikea and found a decent tablecloth there! I brought it home and my roommates loved it!
He crawled around in the dark, feeling his way around. Finally, he felt his hand wrap around a familiar item. He turned on the flashlight.
Jill gathers some food and blankets and goes to the basement. Jill turns on the radio and listens to the weather. Jill waits until the storm has passed to go upstairs.
He didn't tell anyone what he found that day. He sold the ring and used the money to travel to France. His dream was to see the sewers of Paris.
So they shared and rotated the payments so they weren't as expensive. This made the next movie going experience even better. The movie was great and so were their snacks.
Justin was qualified to be a prison guard. He went through the application process. The jail hired Justin.
Jake had to wait on his friend to go to school. Jake and his friend were both late for class. Jake stopped driving his friend to school.
He was scared but determined. After the first breathless trip on the coaster, he laughed aloud. He had found his new favorite activity!
Scooter had found one of his old bones that he had buried. Cindy smiled and helped Scooter dig it out. Scooter seemed very happy to have his bone back.
Dashing in, she began as the others sat and observed her project. Satisfied with it, her boss had her begin right away on the paperwork. The end of the day finally arrived and Sophia left the office joyful.
When he got home, he opened the can. There were several worms inside. He immediately threw it away.
That didn't stop him however. And he continued to do what made him happy. But a few weeks later, he was hospitalized for a disease.
Upon inspection, Billy saw an enormous bear that he fell in love with. Billy tried to win the game in 5 tries, and won on the 4th. After Billy won, he immediately chose the bear.
Carly got all of her friends together before the wedding ceremony. She asked all of her friends to take photos with their smart phones. Carly ended up getting amazing wedding photos from her friends.
Rob had missed Amber very much Rob had called Amber up and apologized for his wrong doings Rob and Amber decided to move back in together
He hit the power line and got zapped. The city wrote him a ticket for his actions. The guy decided to leave it up to the professionals.
Truman ordered a new keyboard from the internet. Truman was overjoyed when he got his package. However, he would need some time to adjust to the new layout.
Stacy decided to try out for the choir in the play. She sang very well at her audition. They gave Stacy a lead part for the play's choir.
Finally she let her join. She played hard in the first game. Through Kate's fatigue she realized her mom was right.
A spider had gotten into the living room. She was trying to find it but it crept under a table. She posted a video of herself screaming.
He gained a lot of weight. Adam then couldn't get a girlfriend. He stopped eating ice cream and got a girlfriend.
He pushed and pushed, but he just couldn't do it. He set them on top and walked away. The next morning, they had blown all over the yard.
She wanted to help even though she lived far away. Stacy shipped a bunch of books to her mom to help keep her occupied. Stacy felt better now since she'd helped her mom in some small way.
Susan turned 5. The school sent a letter Susan was old enough! Susan finally got to take the bus to school.
Juan really wanted to win. Tim missed a putt, so he had a chance. Then Juan missed the same putt so they tied.
The instructor arrived and attempted to teach John the basics. John had a lot of trouble learning, but he persevered. John, later in the year, won a piano playing competition.
But she always had trouble parking. And certain spaces were always too small to fit in. But the truck made her feel too important to think about another car.
Her parents realized she did not smile in photos. Mae's parents took her to get braces at the orthodontist. Mae could not stop smiling and her parents were happy.
He had heard so much about the Cliffs of Moher. He took a trip there and he had to agree with the other visitors. The Cliffs of Moher were absolutely breathtaking!
Coming in, she saw that her face was burned. Ava was shocked! She hadn't known she could burn in the winter.
I thought he might be a bum, not just mentally ill. He started putting his underwear under the neighbor's door. The landlord kicked him out posthaste.
Last year my parents picked me up at the airport and we ate at Panera. An hour after leaving the restaurant, I realized I left my violin! I called Panera and they found my violin.
He put a spotlight on it. He put up a cross too. Everyone that drove by saw it.
He lost a few pounds. He exercised even more and lost more weight. Greg was really excited about the weight he lost.
Ross played with his friend online for hours. Ross eventually became really good at the game. He was good enough to become a professional gamer.
She threw it in the washer, then dried it. She folded everything and put it away afterwards. June felt so much better knowing it was all done!
He got to the game and huddled with his teammates. Red played very hard and well. They won the game when Red scored the winning touchdown!
Tommy didn't have any money saved. He asked his boss if he could work extra hours. Tommy worked extra hours to cover the cost of the repairs.
Then he took a few aspirin. Soon he was feeling better. The next day, he returned to work.
He stayed up all night doing it. When he presented it he thought he did well. But, the teacher said it looked unrealistic and failed him.
I researched Amazon and said she could make $200. When she weighed the books she found out they were too heavy. She decided to donate the books to people who could pick them up.
Mary needed to take the dog out to go pee. She tried to carry him outside, but he just ran back in. Mary decided to try again when the rain let up.
He sometimes sneaks into the theater. Or rents a movie from redbox. His parents don't know how to stop him.
Kirk even wore his favorite bathing suite. All of friends showed up in their bathing suites. Kirk would have had a great time if it was not for the rain.
Jayme answered the door and walked to his car with him. They had a nice dinner at a diner and saw a show afterward. Both of them had a great time and agreed upon another date.
One male cat comes to our window everyday. I caught them kissing in the window one day. It was very sweet to see them do that.
They went skating at a local school yesterday. They started doing some tricks until a police officer came over. He gave them all tickets for skating in a no skating zone.
He played for three months, twice a week. He tried his best every time he played. In one summer And lost twenty pounds.
He asked John's friends about it but they didn't know either. He finally just asked John what he wanted for his birthday. Tracy ordered a toy from the adult bookstore for Johns birthday gift.
She pulled one down to get a closer look at it. It was a flier for a missing dog with a reward. During her walk Julie found the dog and returned it to it's owner.
She decided to move out and be on her own. Her parents threw her a surprise birthday party. Molly was sad about leaving them.
Soon though, she started to feel burnt out. Luckily, a quick glass of water and a snack helped her feel upbeat. She finished the rest of the calls quickly.
Julie loved all the dogs, but one cute mutt in particular. They took him home and she named him Jax. Julie was so happy, and loved Jax dearly.
He would catch it and then throw it again. Then he would spread sauce and toppings on it. Luigi's pizzas were the best.
The car stopped right before hitting a tree. Marissa slid three more times on the way to work. She decided she was going to buy a new car that was better in snow.
He could hardly wait to start school so he could use it! He carefully loaded it into his backpack and then carried it to school. He knew it would be a great year with such a great folder!
She met a lot of nice people there. Over the Year's, these people became her closest friends. They stayed in touch for Years after graduation.
He allowed me to climb on top of the zebra. After my teacher helped me up, I rode it. It traveled across the farm.
She tried to find a good doctor. She got an implant. Now people can hardly tell the difference.
The client obliged. Within a couple weeks, the Japanese vine had grown everywhere. The client sued Scott for being a horrible landscaper.
Since he was doing bad in math class, he hoped the show would help. By the time his course ended his teacher was very impressed. He was at the top of his class because of the show.
She finally found one she liked. She was able to work out a great deal with the dealership. Sara drove the new car home.
When Ben opened his cookie, his was empty. Jen's cookie had two fortunes inside. Jen shared a fortune with Ben.
He thought that was weird but she offered him five dollars. He sampled multiple flavors of a punch and picked the ones he liked. Besides having to use the bathroom, he liked the deal.
He had a limit of imaginary money. He had to pick the ones he wanted. It was from drawings of spaceships.
But she did not see the teammate behind her! She hit the girl in the nose! Anna felt terrible about hitting her teammate!
But shiny things fade fast. She decided she needed pearls instead. She was sure she wouldn't be disappointed again.
Hannah decided to challenge him in chess. The game was close however, Hannah ended up winning. Gary was mad and decided to throw away the teddy bear.
Connie bought outfits that were pink and frilly. Bonnie bought outfits that were black and revealing. Both girls felt more unique and happier in different outfits.
But they had no idea what they were doing. Their uncle showed them how to play and told them the rules. She decided it was more fun to play her way without the rules.
The instructor called out for the downward dog position. Jane got down in no time to go through the movements. Jane got back up to a sitting position when she was done.
I told him to get a beeper to put on it so he can find it. He never listens to anything I say so he won't do that. Next time I'm there I'm just going to bring a remote.
One kid threw the ball so hard it went over the other's head. The ball bounced over a neighbor's fence. The kid who threw it had to jump the fence to get it back.
However, they tried to steal it from her. Her shoes were thrown in the sky. She became mad once they were tied to an electrical post.
Last week was a nice day and I decided to do just that. I mowed and thought forever. My wife had to come out and tell me i had mowed the same spots twice.
In a tiny village in Japan I found a katana blacksmith. I asked him if I could be his apprentice. He declined because I was a foreigner.
Hoshi could tell they didn't like the meal. Hoshi went back to the kitchen and brought back a plate of burgers. The in-laws smiled widely and dug in.
Ahead, she saw an endless procession of flowers of every color. Eventually, Nell noticed the sky had darkened. She turned around to see her house far in the distance.
Jerry spilled his drink and demanded that guy buy him another drink. They began fighting and Jerry beat him up. Jerry went to jail but the major problem was the threats he made.
Fluffy followed the squirrel into the branches. Fluffy can't climb very well and she got stuck! I had to take out a ladder to help Fluffy down.
They couldn't wait to find out if it was a boy or girl. The doctor tried for several minutes, but the baby wouldn't move. It would have to remain a secret!
He banged loudly on her window. The girl panicked. She drove the car into a pole.
I decided to get close and touch her with my hands. She screamed and jumped back. I laughed and apologized.
Her grades started to slip and she was always tired. Her parents told her to fix this issue. She managed her time better and brought her grades back up.
He kicked it once. The second time it made a hole in a light. He said he was sorry.
One day, a very famous actor went to see his show. Taylor was offered a movie part. He was very excited to be noticed.
I didn't anticipate falling in love with a little white dog. A random stop at the humane society changed my life forever. I brought that little white dog home and she helped me heal.
The book was written by J K Rowling under a pseudonym. It was a murder mystery. I liked the book so much I bought another one in the series.
But there was a terrible ice storm that stranded them midway! They bought turkey lunch meat and canned potatoes at a grocery store. Their ersatz Thanksgiving feast became one of their fondest memories.
The dog couldn't climb over it. Melissa was relieved! The kitchen was no longer messed up by the bad dog.
We decided to date and get to know one another. One day, I told him my favorite president was Teddy Roosevelt. He said he didn't care for history and we never spoke again.
I am a transit buff, so I feature photos of subway cars and trolleys. I used to work for a transit system, and compiled a lot of photos. My family and friends now expect a transit Christmas card each year.
In the middle of the movie we were watching I went in for a kiss. She actually kissed back! I was too excited to pay attention to the movie after that.
Velma only had five dollars. Velma looked through her car for spare change. Velma ended up buying a banana snow cone instead.
Penny would spend hours designing clothing for her dolls. She would even put on model showcases displaying her dolls clothing. Penny would go on to become an international fashion designer.
The two ladies cut out sweets and began walking. Kay was amazed at the results. In eight weeks, she had lost twelve pounds!
She went to the garden center. She bought some roses. Now, her garden looked beautiful.
She even bought a wedding dress two sizes smaller to wear. She planned on using the dresses size as her ideal weight loss goal. Grace was eventually able to wear the wedding dress.
A mobster asked Evie to steal a famous painting. The mobster offered Evie a large amount of money. Evie told the mobster no thank you, she only steals jewels.
She went to the park and fed the ducks. There an old friend saw her and they reconnected. She went back to work in higher spirits.
Johnny had calls about his car. A man came to look at the car. The man bought Johnny's car.
She was the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. We made jokes and laughed together. Two years later we got married and lived happily ever after.
The men ran when they saw that the tower was going to fall on them. They got in their trucks and sped out of the quarry. Safely above the quarry, the men stopped and watched the water spill.
Our first stop was the laundry where Walt worked. When we got out of the car the cops came. The cops told us a man was on the loose and we should be careful.
I panicked, knowing this was my son's University he attended. As I looked down at my phone to call, I see a text that was delivered. "You made me like this, Dad" my heart filled with sadness and regret.
So Jim decided to pour milk on his uncooked oats. And they became soft and chewy. Jim was satisfied with his cold oats.
Despite her pleas, they refused to leave her property. Desperate, Beverly called the local sheriff. After the sheriff evicted the squatters, Beverly put up a fence.
Becky read all the required books and showed up to the meeting. Becky was upset that the book club was more of a wine club. Becky pouted in the corner while all the other women got drunk.
He felt that the yard was too barren and lacked interest. The rich man commissioned a large windmill to be built in his yard. From then on he was known as the windmill millionaire.
The problem was, he didn't know how to tie it. Patrick shrugged and tied it just like shoe laces. Patrick looked ridiculous and the interviewer didn't hire him.
His favorite drink was Gin and Tonic and he drank a lot of it. He got pretty drunk and had a good time. His girlfriend drove him home, thankfully.
The beauty of that metaphor suddenly struck me. Tears filled my eyes in front of all my students. I learned to be more careful when teaching the Odyssey.
He bought it in ten different colors. He liked not having to worry about what he would wear. Harold threw on one of these shirts every chance he got.
Alyssa wore the brooch as often as she was allowed. Her grandmother passed later that year. The brooch became even more special as Alyssa fondly remembered her.
Tobias started working at a coffee shop near his house. One day at work he met a famous actor who offered him acting lessons. Eventually, Tobias was a minor character actor with a real SAG card.
Then they saw some tropical fish. Finally they went to the dolphin show. They had a super fun day.
I am very good at basketball so I gave him some tips. He was very nervous still but more confident. When he tried out the coach told him no and he was sad.
He always tried to dodge playing. He even did poorly on the tests. Next year he took a weightlifting class.
Unfortunately, she got lost. She spent almost an hour wandering around. Finally, she found the right building.
When his teacher handed it back, he saw he had failed it! He'd never gotten an F before. Dawson was so depressed!
She had been unemployed for a year. She was so anxious to be employed again! Carol was determined to get an interview that day.
I became very interested in why some kids have a harder time learning. I went back and got a teaching certification in special education. Now my child has grown up and I still have a job I love.
It was fat and was accompanied by four babies. Alarmed, I hesitated, then turned and ran. I stayed inside my house until the skunk passed.
His dog loved the treats. Alex devoted time to training his dog. Alex was successful in teaching his dog to sit.
She learned how to create a short film. For her final project, she created one of her own. She poured her heart into it and got an A.
But when she went into the kitchen, she was disappointed. All the milk was gone! Anna had to milk the cow before having cereal after all!
They take her purse. They run off. Mary tries to run to catch them but cannot catch them.
We went out for pizza and ice cream to celebrate. When I got home I found out that my brother had died during my game. I then realized it was actually the worst day ever.
I was too injured to play. My parents told me the money was not going to waste. And that's how I learned to play the piano with my feet!
She was in the locker room with all the older girls. She felt like an adult. She wished she could take a picture to remember this moment.
John rented a nice car and started the trip. John stopped at hotels each night of the trip. Several days later, John arrived safely in Oregon.
I had to get it fixed. But when I brought it to someone, they said it couldn't be fixed. So I had to buy another one instead.
She cared for four children every day. They loved spending time with Hannah. The parents were thankful they'd found a great caretaker.
They ordered mushrooms on both of the pizzas. Alex hates mushrooms on his pizza. He decided to just toughen up and eat them this one time.
The language is very bad on some. Some even have some adult themes. It surprises me they make these type of apps for kids.
Martha grew bored of waiting inside. So she rushed out to meet friends against her parents wishes. Martha crashed the car after hitting a patch of black ice.
I tried to get in the coffee shop but they were blocking the door. The man looked at me my with an angry face. I decided to drive to another coffee shop.
He did work for most businesses in town. Everyone in the area knew his voice. The man felt very accomplished.
Eventually he asked his friends for help. Sarah needed to hire a new waiter for her restaurant. Dan started working for Sarah so he can pay his rent.
He sat at home and watched TV until a show gave him an idea. He turned his story into a murder-mystery! Ed turned his assignment in and got an A on it!
She painted a beautiful piece. It featured the sunset. She sold the art to someone for millions of dollars.
She was upset and decided to report it to the police. After a few days she received a call from the police. They found the thief and Mary got her bag back!
Sam offered it to her. His mom refused. After a while, she finally accepted and it was the best meal ever.
He finally hit rock bottom and went to rehab. A year later Dale got out of rehab and found a job. He is excited to start his new improved life.
I bought some WD-40 from the store and sprayed it into the lock. She was skeptical but tried it anyway! Laura's key worked perfectly and she was very happy.
They went door to door. They sold their last box at the end of the night. They were so proud of themselves!
But he questioned where is his real home? He decided his real home is the first house he remembers living in. He drove past that house and it now has nothing to do with his family.
Keith missed the rest of the movie. Keith wanted to see the rest of the movie. He ordered the DVD on the internet.
They went and had dinner and went to a movie. Jane and Tom both had a great time. They both agreed to meet again.
He decided to teach a new section of the material we're studying. Several people decided to get up and walk out of class. As much as I was annoyed, I tried to remain in class.
At the very bottom, a kitten cried for help. Haruki ran to get help. With the neighbor's help, he rescued the kitten and brought it home.
He is now 27, and was excited to see the band. He posted a lot of videos on Snapchat. He was tired this morning.
She hung each item carefully in their closets. They had a lot of nice, new stuff! When school started, they liked picking out new outfits.
He delivered his speech with a great deal of passion. The audience applauded. Tony was pleased with how he had delivered the speech.
He then threatened a man for his money. The man complied fearing for his life. And Guillermo got a lot of money for it.
Soon he had gotten on countless mailing lists. Soon all of the dollars and postage expenses added up. His daughters were dismayed to find his bank account depleted.
They got it up in the air and watched it soar. The tail fluttered in the wind. It had been a beautiful day for flying a kite!
We didn't know what he was going to do with it. He grabbed it firmly in his right hand. Smash, he crumpled it against his head!
He is planning a surprise visit. He is going to knock on her door in Queens. We think she will be shocked.
They ate handfuls of the sweet treats. Then they had a stomach ache. Their mom regretted her decision.
He runs all around the grass. He climbs and climbs. He swings very high.
They were still nervous. The curtain opened. The actors looked on at the audience.
He became scared and asked to buy something else. And his total increased to a 7 dollars and 32 cents. John felt completely relieved.
My grandmother began crying at the table. I was sent to my room and my presents were donated to a shelter. Despite the punishment, I was proud of my rebellion.
I thought about taking a car. In the end, I took the train. The train got me there much more quickly!
Because of this, I was one of the best players on my team. However, once I got to high school I didn't make the high school team. This was because I was up against much better players this time.
She had been practicing with her parents for several months. She arrived to the testing feeling anxious but confident. After a few short hours, she walked away with her license!
The watched it come out of the water. It was so huge and amazing! They took lots of pictures of the creature.
But Randy found himself gaining weight. And he was sick more often. When Randy's mom found out what they served, she was shocked.
She bought earplugs and wore them to bed. She finally got a good night's sleep! Jessica started wearing earplugs every night.
His teacher and friends could always count on him to brighten the day. One day he was gone and the whole day was a little sad. Everyone was so glad when Aaron came back.
He tried to shoo it way. The cat kept coming back! Eventually, Barry let it stay.
He used his city's bike path. And he enjoyed beating traffic. Rick ended up using his bike more than his car.
The ship rocked over the waves. Nick got extremely sick. Nick stayed in his cabin for most of the trip.
She tried on each one. She liked the rose gold watch the most. She bought it and wore it home.
His mother walked in the room and sighed. She turned off the television, much to Ernest's protest. Ernest had been playing all morning.
Everyone showed up and brought gifts. His wife never showed up! SHe had gotten a flat tire on her way home from work.
He was always trouble and not fun to be around. I did not want to talk to him. I was really quiet and pretended not to be home so he left.
The girls went on the ride. As they went on it, Kelly started to scream. She was afraid and wished she didn't go on it.
She was pushed back. When she fell, her hair fell out. Before anyone noticed, she quickly put it on and walked away.
It was so hot in NYC her mom and dad stayed in one room. Our granddaughter refused to talk to us, as she was bored. My wife was not pleased.
It didn't seem to work. The bare spot was still very obvious. The mom made a giant ornament to hang in that spot.
He was supposed to bring towels to a room. But he forgot to. So he lost his job.
The game was tied with 3 seconds on the clock. Ryan caught the ball on the inbound pass. He took the three point shot and made it!
Carl hadn't had a chance to eat. Carl decided to order pizza for some of the staff. Carl was extremely happy when the food arrived.
He spent a lot of time learning and practicing. To show off what he learned, he invited his friends for a live show. His friends were very impressed with Jack's card trick show.
It got bigger every night! She stayed up late to watch the hole. She saw a dog sneak in and start to dig!
She realized she forgot them and she was locked out! Thankfully she remembered she left a window unlocked. From that day on, she never forgot her keys again!
She sat in the front row. She kept a smile on her face. She was able to pass it.
She instead wanted to visit China for her birthday. Her parents would have to comprise. Joy was able to visit both China for two days and England for one.
All of the sudden he screamed. Pain was very bad. When he looked down at his arm it was messed up.
My friend tried to walk to the front of the boat. His leg cracked a hole in the ground. It well into the water and I had to help him out.
She finds a nice young man. They meet and become a couple. She gets married and spends the rest of her live with him.
I took him home and placed an ad in the paper. The ad I placed helped me locate his owners. His owners were very thankful I had found their dog.
However, she tried to resist it. Eventually, she started to feel uncomfortable. She popped it, but it left a mark a week later.
Eric ended up making several wrong turns and getting very lost. Eric refused to ask for directions and ran out of gas. Eric had to walk 5 miles to a gas station to get more gas.
By doing this the bat became a town favorite for his diet. The more rodents he ate the more the town was appealing. When the bat died the town mourned their mascot, and rodent control.
Her brother ended up taking her. She squirmed in her seat, But when the man put the earring in it did not even hurt.
When she got to the store, there was a long line. Liz finally got her tablet. When she got home, she tripped and shattered it.
When he was called to step forward he stumbled a little. The witness from behind the glass was not paying attention though. In the end, Mark was able to get away with his dastardly deed.
He whipped out his credit card and paid for it. He would be paying it off forever. Art decided it was worth it to have such an amazing tv.
Unfortunately, he crashed into a large truck. Everyone had to wait an hour until a police report was filed. Therefore, we were late to our classes.
We were on a long-awaited youth trip that would last for four days. We had planned, raised funds and looked forward to this specific day. It was finally here and we had an amazing time!
It was nighttime and the place she stopped wasn't well lit. Gia decided to go to a better lit area. She found a well lit area with security to stop at.
Janet sent her husband to the store. Her husband picked up the last ingredients. Janet was able to finish baking her cake.
They took off when they heard the starting pistol. The ran as hard as they could. The defending champion won again!
He took care of everything around their house. The family never had to lift a finger! They couldn't remember life before they hired him.
I was a trolley and subway car fan. Last week an ex coworker sent me a marketing item issued by the MBTA. I emailed her my thanks.
When they had to score one more point to win, Jenny attacked Diana. She stole the ball and tried to make a shot. However, she missed and the other team managed to win.
I got there, ordered some coffee, and set up my computer. I connected to the Wi-Fi and logged in. The internet was so slow I couldn't even do anything.
She got put in jail. She sat there for days until she was bailed out. Mary had to report to the courthouse for her trial.
While reviewing the letter F I spoke up and the class cheered! Rushing home, I was excited to tell my mom that I said the F word. She was terrified until I told her that my F word was football.
She sometimes like to run circles around her housing block. Morgan challenged her father to a race. She ran faster than her father winning the race.
She didn't notice the wooden plank and stubbed her toe. Since Haley's church clothes got dirty, she had to change her outfit. Thankfully, she was a few minutes late to church.
But that was because he loved a game called Pilot Wars. As he grew, he pinpointed his interest. He decided to design video games, not pilot ships!
A cab pulled up with a man and a 4 year old child. The child ran over and drank from my soda. I laughed and gave him the can.
However, his swing needed work. Stan finally hired a pro to help him. Stan's swing improved and he won his first tournament.
They settled with coffee and waited for their names to be called. The lady called for Swarley instead of Barney. Ted and Marshall never let Barney live that moment down.
While I was typing, a car sped into the lot and rear-ended me. The person got out of her car and started apologizing profusely. She was texting and not paying attention so she hit me.
He decided to build his own. He cut down a tree and built a table from it. The new table was much stronger and could hold any heavy load.
A couple nearby was fighting loudly over something. Justin felt uncomfortable playing. He decided to leave and give the couple some privacy.
He could not find anyone. He donated the money to charity. The charity improved lives.
On the way, a semi truck nearly drove us off the road. When we got there, we had to wait in line for an hour. When we finally got to the end, they wouldn't let us bring in any food.
She finally found one that was cute and flattering. She ordered it in every color! She couldn't wait to wear it on the beach.
A recent disagreement even escalated into a yelling match between us. I stepped back and realized I've been acting a little confrontational. I adjusted my behavior and now things are better with the new boss.
Then she got one! Her grandmother gave her a pencil and a legal pad. Terena wrote her first story!
Mr Johnston put the fire out with it. Fortunately the fire didn't destroy anything. The Johnstons vowed to be more careful.
She bought a few Roma tomatoes and decided to make pasta sauce. It simmered for hours, then was finally ready. Roma sampled it and found it was delicious!
He shopped for the perfect one. One was too fluffy and the other was too flat. He found a great cushion and put it on his chair.
She needed a lot of new clothes. I could not believe how picky she is with clothes. I will think twice before taking her with me again.
It was their favorite treat at lunch time. They ate their sandwiches first, then their fruit. They saved the fruit snacks for last!
She tried repairing the damage to the flower bush herself. The flower bush was almost destroyed beyond repair. Jesse had to have a landscaper come over to fix the damage.
Not only was Danny mad but he flipped the table over. All of the chess pieces landed on the ground. He left afterwards.
Kyle just didn't have the ability to write very well. Mary saw his notebook of ideas. She offered to write his novel while he told her his story.
When a small child came for Halloween at her door, she didn't open. When she woke up the next day, her house was covered in toilet paper. Gertrude left it there all year and became the toilet paper lady.
As I went throughout the day, it seemed people were cheering me on. I took their smiles and greetings in stride, believing it was the sun! Turns out their enthusiasm was due to the scarf hanging like a cape.
His friend, Maryann, challenged him to an NFL video game. In the first quarter, Gus threw the controller. Maryann was much better than Gush.
I wasn't able to find them in any of my local stores. My girlfriend is so thoughtful that she ordered some on Amazon. Now I have ten boxes of delicious cereal!
He often practiced in front of his friends. An acquaintance arranged for him to perform at a local bar. That weekend Andy performed in front of an audience of thirty.
I stayed up all night practicing. When I got to my lesson, I fell asleep while my teacher was talking. My violin teacher wasn't happy with me.
She hired an interior designer to come redo it. When she was finished, it was a beautiful space! Kelly was in love with her new room!
She checked on it every day. A few days later she saw something emerging from it. She stared in awe as a beautiful butterfly came out!
The nation's bet on who the best spy was, this based on elusiveness. It turns out they were all manipulated by the most elusive of them all. The spy left a note and said he was the president and they all failed.
The girls ran to the basement. The storm was very loud and scary. There was a lot of destruction in their town.
Debra wanted to live but she didn't want to undergo chemo. Instead, she tried an alternative treatment she found online. Debra passed away a few months later.
She decided to go to the mall the next day. While searching for a new bag she found a very beautiful one. The new bag is much stronger and she receives many compliments.
He thought why this might happen. Instead, he looked to the sides of the bright sun. Now, he could enjoy the light while staying safe.
Peter was very intimidated. He walked up the grand steps and was in awe. It was the most beautiful place he'd ever seen!
All of her friends loved Cabot's new shelves. She started a business selling locker shelves. She made $200 in the first week of school.
Nelson read about diet and exercise and made a few eating changes. Nelson stopped eating milk, rice, pasta and white breads. Nelson is proud to have lost 38 pounds and is still losing.
Evan was so proud of his new car. He showed it off around town. Evan knew he looked cool in the new car.
She endeavored to ask her neighbors for their peaches and raspberries. She made excellent pies with them. And to thank her neighbors she gave them one pie each.
She couldn't wait to take a long, hot bath in it! When the contractors were done, that was the first thing she did! She was thrilled with her choice.
It was very fun. I caught a large sea bass. Then I ate it.
He called her day after day without any result. He finally understood one day that the woman didn't care. Julian broke up with her the first chance he got.
They liked to eat sugary treats and ride rides. Then they would look at the exhibits. The fair was a fun tradition for them.
When she was cooking it came out terrible. Her boyfriend decided to help her. Dinner came out terrific and they both enjoyed the night.
Ken cut his foot. Ken went to the doctor. The doctor treated his foot and gave him a tetanus shot.
She tried cleaning up spilled water on her table. But the towel quickly became soaked and soggy. Lisa decided not to trust infomercials anymore.
She dropped it in the tank and watched it swim around. She smiled as it appeared to be happy and healthy. Anna was glad she could give the fish a good home.
I had to increase my windshield wipers and flash my lights. Another driver collided with me since she was in a rush. Since we couldn't step outside due to the rain, she drove off.
After Walter grew up, he moved to another city. Walter was able to pick a very big dog from the shelter. Now Walter has 3 dogs and he is very satisfied.
She loved playing the old hymns on Sunday. The congregation loved her playing. They looked forward to listening to her each week.
He was not in his right mind. Suddenly he urinated across the room. Tom told the nurse and stayed away from the man.
The kids rode over all the hills and bumps. They laughed as they drove around the yard. The dune buggy was a great new toy!
He snuck up to it and snatched it. He took off running just as the dog inside spotted him. He scampered over the fence with his new acorn.
One day, he watched them for an hour. They were so funny! Rob decided he would like to be a zookeeper so he could work with them.
I slammed on my breaks and was hit from behind. My car was completely totaled. I ended up buying a new car because of the incident.
Sometimes he lies to get what he wants. His younger brothers caught him in a lie and stopped trusting him. He apologized sincerely to them.
He played his music way too loud. He couldn't stand my music. So I bought two pairs of headphones so we both could enjoy our music.
Her dog had been hit by a car. She rushed home to deal with the news. By the end of the day she felt completely wiped out.
She didn't care for anyone and was conniving to no end. One day she hatched a plan that would net her millions in fraud money. She was caught before and the police sentenced her to 40 years.
He got up to go to the bathroom. The life size dolls and mirrors in the hallway were creepy. Matt didn't go back to sleep that night.
Unfortunately, Henry was diagnosed with Leukemia. He came back to school after a few months. However, several people admired him and congratulated him.
She cooked it one day and fed it to a large group. They all raved about how great it was! Lindsey handed out the recipe as they left.
Everyone talked about how amazing it was. He was so famous for that one throw. No one could remember what else he had done.
They didn't have it there. So he searched in all the stores. But in the end, no one had it.
We used to study together in the library. We eat together during lunch break. We go to park after our class.
It wasn't long before the alarm went off again. Annoyed, Gabriel turned the phone off and threw it. He ended up sleeping in until noon that day.
Seth told him off and went to start his own company. No one liked his drawings though. Seth went back and begged for his job back.
I looked in the viewer. I could make out individual stars. It is crazy how many there are.
She decided to play with the fox. The fox bit her however. She then developed a disease.
However, she didn't keep her promise. Jeff couldn't attend college since he had no money. What's worse is that our mom wasn't sympathetic about it.
She tried to put it up but it was broken! Georgia ran home in the rain. She and her broken umbrella were soaked.
When she arrived there all the members were very old. As she was only sixteen she felt out of place. But as they all loved singing in didn't matter in the end.
They ran to see him when they arrived at the zoo. The lion was gone! The zookeeper told them he was ill.
Mary was waving at a group of kids. Not paying close enough attention to things around her. She ran right into a stop sign.
It would repeat whatever you said to it. Harrison taught it a bunch of funny phrases. The parrot was very entertaining and smart!
Todd practiced timing himself eating ten hot dogs in fifteen minutes. It took a lot of mistrials before he got it right. Todd won the contest.
She was disappointed in the story line. It was a terrible movie! Courtney went home disappointed.
Since there was no proof that he did, my parents were confused. They also didn't believe me. I felt hopeless and decided to give up.
He bounced toward the window. The window broke. He had gone completely through it!
Another player threw him against the wall. Jim hurt his shoulder. Jim decided that hockey wasn't for him and quit.
All the little girls dressed up. They sipped tea and had snacks. It was a very fancy party!
It was supposed to manage tangles better. Ron really liked it. He started brushing his crazy hair to be smooth.
She took some time off in the woods to have some privacy. But they found her and made her come back to the house. Eventually Jen gave up and sang as loud as she could.
Without intending to, he drifted off to sleep. He woke up with a burning sensation on his body. It was the last time he left sunblock at home.
Ted never had time for breakfast. He started to have a granola bar and glass of milk going to work. He was much less hungry in the morning.
His car goes off the road. He gets out to see the damage. His car is wrecked and he calls for help.
He bolted the beams together. His kids were so excited when they saw it coming together. They couldn't wait to play!
She tried to find a pun related to genetics. She was ultimately unable to come up with one. She went with a generic title although she felt uneasy about it.
He poured him a small cup. Billy chugged it down, then spit it out. He didn't know how his dad could drink the bitter stuff!
Then Chuck noticed something in the customers coat. He stopped him before he left the store. The customer emptied his coat and deposited many phones.
THe cow ate all the grass and then scared the chickens. The farmer was beginning to doubt this plan. Then his children fell in love with the giant creature.
When the race started, they all pushed down on the gas pedals. They zoomed around the track. They all had a great time!
Within a few years, the trees were tall and strong. They had lots of privacy now. The trees had been a great addition to the farm!
They had belonged to her mother. The lady put them on to wear around the house. Just having them on made her feel close to her mom.
Bennie spends two hours a day playing drums. He learns quickly all about drum playing. Bennie is now a drummer in the school band.
Dave picked his buddy Max. They went sky diving. They had a great time in Bali together.
She was very slow to progress to walking. After much therapy, Ann just started walking 10 steps at a time. My neighbor was excited and told us the news.
He saw her later that day and asked where she'd been. She told him she had slipped on the ice. Her pant leg was frozen, so she went back home.
He tries to dance with a pretty woman. The woman says no. Kevin gets rejected and goes home.
The usher saw the boys sneaking in. He asked to see their tickets. The boys were kicked out of the theater.
Chris spent three weeks on crutches. He was scared to get back on the court. Chris never played basketball again.
He asked Ma to get in with him. He picked up the reigns. Then Billy and Ma went on a wagon ride!
The trail took them through dark woods. Suddenly they heard a noise in the brush and jumped out of their skin! Luckily it was just a deer and nothing dangerous!
She was delighted, thinking her new diet was working. Then she realized she had grabbed size 14s by accident. She felt very disappointed.
They both climbed into Mom's lap at the same time. They immediately began screaming and fighting each other. Now neither child gets to snuggle with Mom.
The other night I wasn't thinking and rode my motorcycle with shorts. My wallet fell out somewhere on the ride. It was returned a few days later with all the money gone.
It wasn't a good idea. He messed up and broke his ankle. Landon decided to stick with the stunts that he knows.
Jerry had to wait in the parking lot with the tickets. Jerry's father finally arrived. They got to their seats right at the first pitch.
He had it by the neck. It was squealing. He said its mother picked it up like that.
At first he felt discouraged because therapy was difficult. Then after a while therapy became easier for Tom. After finishing therapy he was able to start hiking again.
The friends of both Jerome and Mike set up a competition between them. Jerome turned out excelling at dance and bested Mike by 50 points. Jerome and Mike despite the differences agreed they were both great fr.
When I had kids we lived by a pond. I bought a fishing rod and helped my son catch a fish. It made me happy to finally catch a fish.
Jenny noticed the coin looked strange. It was actually a token to the arcade! Jenny told the customer who gave Jenny an actual quarter.
She became engrossed in cooking. And she forgot all about her hunger. But Kim had no choice but to eat the large meal.
She heard a loud thump from the baby's bedroom. She ran into the room to see if the baby had fallen. Her baby was running around the room.
Arthur even went back to school to find his diary. Arthur could not sleep and he tried to remember where it was. The next day, he found it in the lost and found at school.
I told my wife Google Maps has a smartphone app. She used it to get to Stoughton by driving on streets. My sister-in-law was very relieved.
He drove until he got to his favorite fishing hole! He fished all day. Josh went home with three fish and had them for dinner!
She started to feel a bit homesick. She put on the PJs and felt better. They were very comforting to her.
Her students were not very prepared. Most of them failed it. Susie knew she would need to re-teach the material.
She started feeling sick very quickly. The burrito didn't want to be in her belly anymore. She ran to the bathroom just in time.
So he decided to buy a used one from someone online. And after receiving it, it was a great deal. Travis decided to buy more used products.
When he came back the next day, the note was still there. Barry was confused, his accomplice hadn't discovered it. Barry flew back home to US, realizing he was a lousy spy.
She got a bloody nose. She went to the nurse's office. Fortunately she was okay.
We practiced for weeks until we worked together perfectly. When the big day came, we both went up and did our best. The audience loved us.
She cried and told Juanita to get help. Juanita biked to her mother's house and explained the situation. It wasn't long before Kathryn was bandaged up and brought home.
But then he went out with it one night to see the stars. It was incredibly beautiful - Joe was fascinated! After that, his telescope became his favorite possession!
It ran under the dishwasher and would not come out. I pulled the dishwasher out of the cabinets to get him. He was not hurt so I took him outside and let him go.
Unfortunately there was a long walk. We had to walk on wood chips. By the time we got there our feet were in pain .
I recognized the dog as a service animal. Another neighbor said out the dog was supposed to wear an id collar. I said the neighbor was being too nosy.
She said to never go on the broken sidewalk. Susie ignored the warning. And Susie fell and hurt herself.
Carla went to season the food she was cooking. A stream of pepper went into the food. Carla couldn't salvage the food and had to throw it.
Rocky lost his job as well. Rocky went to court with his ex wife. The judge awarded rocky's house to his ex wife.
Matt relied on his GPS and it told him where to turn. Matt's car ended up in a ditch. His uncle found him and helped him out.
When she offered me one I took it and lit up. I never coughed so hard as after that first drag. I did not want to try cigarettes any more after that.
It was full of vegetables and meat. The fellow campers all loved the food. They decided Mike would cook every time they went camping.
I said that it was because he was wearing my shorts. He gave me back my shorts. But we did not play any more that day.
He said sorry to his parents many many times. After agreeing to pay some rent he felt better with himself. When he finally was able to move out again he paid his parents back!
He waited until the bell and then lingered near the doorway. His teacher handed him a paper certificate. Ollie had earned a reward.
The boss has threatened to fire Tara. She begins to worry about her job. Tara now comes in enthusiastic about completing her assignments.
I made all these fun shapes. The kids were so excited to eat them. I did a good job.
She decided it was time to change her life. She decided to move to a new city. There she found a better job that satisfied her needs.
Together they joined a local team. The first game was played in a muddy field. Karen was muddy and happy when her team won.
Training had been really rough for him. The game was today. Bill's team managed to win.
Samantha was required to feed the cat and clean up after it each day. She was very responsible and took great care of the cat. Samantha's Mom and Dad were very proud of her.
Sadie insisted that she hadn't taken it. The teacher checked her bag and confirmed that the pen wasn't there. Sadie decided she would never talk to Rebecca again.
She couldn't see anything out the window so she played with her mouse. She batted the toy mouse underneath the couch. I rescued the mouse  so she could continue to play.
Today the judge was reading his decision. Bob waited nervously for the verdict. The judge announced that Bob was clear of any charges.
He bought a new one for the new season. He thought it brought him good luck. Kevin's team won it's first game!
Tracy's prayers were answered in a dream. Tracy told Douglas to come over right away. When Doug got to Tracy's house he found a note that said It's Over.
Her first day at the job was very grueling. She had worked so hard that she went home sore. She realized she wasn't cut out for it and quit the next day.
One day the decided to try doing a triathlon. They enjoyed it so much that they did several more. In their third race, Rob won the state championship for his age group.
So he did the unthinkable. He took steroids. As a result, he was banned from competing.
When trying to crack them them, he crushed them instead. Egg splattered everywhere. The boys spent the next 10 minutes cleaning up.
He even went back to school to find his radio. Later on, someone turned in his radio to the lost and found. Now, James was able to listen to the game on his radio.
Rory wasn't able to return to his house. Rory and his co-workers spent the night in the safety of the store. He was able to get to his home the next day.
She had a biopsy months ago and just had the procedure done. We sent her get well flowers. She emailed a thank you note.
This was for a job that I have wanted for so long. I went over my answers all night long. I think I did very well.
When it came time for mother's day I completely forgot everything! My mom was very upset but I showed her that I had stuff planned. She was understanding and wasn't mad anymore!
Each team gave their all. The red team won by one point. The spectators clapped and cheered.
What if her friends hated the color and mocked her? But she needn't have been concerned. Her friends all raved about the canary hue!
Adam decided it was time to get rid of the dead weight. He broke up with his girlfriend. He is now a free man and can spend his time freely.
She tried her hardest. She won a silver medal! Giselle was very proud but dreamed of trying again for a gold.
John started scavenging to look for his guitar everywhere. John found the guitar in the last place he looked. It was safe in his guitar case!
They would eat until they couldn't eat anymore. When they finished, they always took a cab home. It was their favorite weekly tradition.
She tried to ignore it, but one day he went too far, grabbing her. She was angry and embarrassed in front of her coworkers. Demanding to be left alone, Lea finally filed a complaint with HR.
He would practice at school. He did concerts for his friends. He won a talent show at school.
He wandered for a bit and ended up even more lost. He decide to ask a stranger for help. The stranger pointed Tom to the right bus and Tom got Home.
His mom took him to the store to get the ingredients. When they got back from the store, his mom helped him bake the cake. Christian took the cake to school and everyone enjoyed it.
Two young boys were walking one way, a girl another. They were staring at their phones, oblivious. The three ran into each other and one started bleeding.
He cleaned the entire house. Once the house was clean he set up the party. He and his friends had a great time.
Max was in his yard when he heard someone break his window. He soon discovered that someone had stolen his laptop. The police realized that they had the wrong guy.
She liked seeing everything come together. WHen a room was finished, she would take a step back and admire it. Then she would move on to the next room.
The dog was so small and furry! Kevin couldn't stop snuggling him. Kevin was so happy he had adopted the creature.
Tommy would always make dirty comments about her lessons. One day Misses Dash sent Tommy to the principal's office. Tommy's behavior did not improve when he returned.
I got there at six in the morning to wait in the already long line. Finally, near opening time, workers started passing out the goodies. They ran out about five people ahead of me.
I couldn't wait to be in the cold. But when I went inside the air conditioning was not working. I went and took a cold shower to feel better.
Everyone feels their presents and its weight, they think they're alone. The truth is we are not alone, we choose to feel these burdens alone. I look myself in the mirror and confess, I forgive myself and move on.
Her home was recently declared unfit, and the windows were boarded up. Today she came and sat outside her home. My nephew thinks she should be committed.
Peter's baby liked to grab it. One day, he grabbed so hard, some fur game off. Peter's cat hated the new baby.
I resorted to guessing. And now I will feel anxious until I get my test results back. I learned that I should have prepared better.
My friends said they would help me out. My team ended up losing 67-0. I was just happy that I had fun with my friends.
On the third day of his trip the volcano erupted. Clyde watched the lava flow down the mountain towards his hotel. They evacuated everybody and Clyde was safe with a good story to tell.
But he decided to buy the most expensive one he could find. And after a few weeks, he lost interest in tennis. Greg regret not buying a beginner's racquet.
The line was often down the block. John wanted to try the burrito for the first time. But he saw the line and decided to go home instead.
The scarecrow near the house started to move. It eventually started to run towards Hannah. She ran as fast as she can away from the house.
It could fit both their cars in it. They could also store all their possessions in it. The couple couldn't wait to move in!
No position seemed to be comfortable. Finally, Shane tried counting backwards from two-hundred. Before he realized it, he was fast asleep.
I called around a few places close by. It is really expensive to send her. I think I may try out a month.
Neither one would budge. After a lot of discussion, the wife got her way. She went to the dealership to buy a new SUV!
He had to jump in and get me. I liked to go to the deep end of the pool. It was a wave pool.
When he got home, they all jumped out and yelled. Their friend was so surprised! It was a great party.
Josh decided to take his dog inside the house. The dog stayed inside the house until the water receded. When the yard was dry, Josh brought the dog back outside.
Understandably, they haven't had much of a budget in a while. The home game recently was quite amusing to see. The bright green grass was impressive until the rain washed it away!
The whole thing had broken. James had to wait for an hour for it to be fixed. He didn't go back to that car wash again.
Jace went to the dentist. The dentist fixed the problem with his tooth. Jace was able to eat ice cream without pain again.
He was in debt to the company for quite a large sum. He had to sell the house for a pittance to cover the past due bill. The entire experience made him re-think ever renting property again.
Since no one else was home, Harold had to eat the entire pizza. Harold could only eat half the pizza so he put the rest in the fridge. Harold ate the rest of the pizza the next day.
Eliza realized she didn't want to go to college. She loved geography, so she bought a ticket to China. There she prepared to tour the country.
We assumed her father was dead. Recently, she said her father had left her mom for a younger woman. We were shocked and saddened.
The ride was smooth and fast. When they arrived, they were glad they didn't have to find parking. Traveling by train was very convenient!
They read each plaque and learned a lot. It was a great way to experience history! They went home and talked about the interesting things they learned.
She didn't know who they could be from. There was no card. Jasmine was very perplexed!
He spilled a bit of food on his suit. Sal couldn't get the food off of his suit. He brought the suit to the cleaners the next day.
Cleo was disgusted that cheese was essentially made of mold. Cleo couldn't stomach eating cheese any longer. He never ate cheese again.
Marshall was devastated for months. His friend, Ted, helped motivate him to go on a date. Marshall reluctantly did so and had a pretty great time.
His girlfriend went through his phone. She threw water in his face as he returned. Skip was dumped for cheating on his girlfriend.
Richard grabbed a nearby can of bug spray. He proceeded to spray the entire area with it. The ants died.
I made an appointment for it to be looked at tomorrow. I hope it is not too expensive. I cannot afford it.
The therapist slowly introduced him to dogs. He was afraid at first but got used to them over time. With his fear conquered Ray got his own dog!
He said I was being over cautious. I decided to walk home on my own. He got pulled over.
As fall faded away, they used the fire pit every day. It was a great addition to their back yard. They couldn't wait til spring to use it some more!
Everyone thought it was delicious. Mr Bosher was proud of his steak. Everyone had fun.
One of the dogs seemed to have asthma. One day we went to see him. He was not there.
When it was ready, she took it out. It was beautiful! She painted it and put it on a shelf.
They spent all day splashing in the water. Then they ate a picnic lunch. It had been a great day exploring new places.
Laura was very sad over missing her puppy, Callie. So sad that she cried one night! The next day Laura decided to go see Callie and she was happy.
He drove around in his funny car and sold yummy treats. All the kids bought Popsicles. They loved buying treats from their favorite ice cream man!
There always seemed to be more! So I ate more! Now I'm sick to my stomach.
She complained about how tired she was. Mike felt bad for Shannon. Mike bought Shannon flowers.
She told us that her boyfriend just recently broke up with her. All of us were very sad for her. After a few more weeks Rachel got over it a bit and wasn't as upset.
John headed to the cellular store. He purchased a new phone with a bright screen. John was happy with his purchase!
John plays day and night for three days to complete game. He finally completes the video game. He beats his friend by a hour.
They waited patiently until it was time for liftoff. The ground shook as the spaceship took off. It was an amazing sight.
She went through the items and took two ceramic containers. She gave me a cigar box. We were pleased with our finds.
She wasn't the best at crafts but she decided to give it a try. Soon, she had produced her own toy chest. She was so proud of her work that she planned to pursue more projects.
He searches through the trash. He finds a pot of gold. Tom buys himself a house and lives happily ever after.
Anita wanted to sleep but the actor suggested she leave. Her car slipped on the icy road so she stopped driving. She stood on her car's hood and took a picture of the landscape.
Then she began to reward him with mints. Ki's horse loved mints! Soon she was able to train him to do a dozen tricks - for mints!
She wrote about her daily life. She also posted pictures of the clothes she bought. Anne's popularity continued to soar.
Chad would pick peaches off the tree, then throw them into the street. His mother caught him doing this, and yelled at young Chad. Mister Smith felt sorry for him, and baked a peach pie for Chad.
Max deleted some other games from his phone. Max tried to download the game again. The game finally downloaded.
Pete made several burgers for the lunch crowd. A couple of the burgers got sent back to the kitchen. Pete realized the meat was bad and switched it with fresh beef.
Today my wife had to babysit with her sister. I had a simple breakfast of oatmeal and coffee. Today felt like Monday.
One of them jumped on the table and broke it. The table hit my knee and I cursed very loudly. All the kids and the volunteer coordinator heard what I said.
Learning to cast was the hardest part. She put on her waders and set out into the river. Catching her first rainbow trout was a huge thrill.
His mom and dad had to work and were in a bind. She took him to the park. It was a long, exhausting day.
I mentioned that females need to let their actions speak. She automatically assumed that I think females talk to much. Before I can explain what I said, she left.
Her hands had cramped up. Mavis was very sad because typing was her life. She went to the store and bought voice recognition software.
Then he heard a loud noise above him. His bunkmate had passed gas. Because it was a sub, the smell lingered in the room.
The customer did not like the food. So he threw it to the ground. The customer was promptly ejected for this behavior.
He worked for hours and finally fixed the problem. He cleaned up his garage and went inside. He loved having a place to work on these things at home.
His tire ran over something sharp and went flat. Another biker passed by and offered to help patch the tire. Justin thanked the biker and exchanged phone numbers with him.
Her family was going to the funeral. At the funeral they found out something that helped. Sandy's family was inheriting her grandfather's farm.
He approached the glass and tapped it. The penguin waddled toward him awkwardly. And when Sean presented his hand, the penguin tapped the glass.
He criticized his friend's cooking. And showed him what to do better. But Eric's friend actually appreciated the criticism.
A new engine would be very costly, so Stuart decided to buy a new car. He shopped around and found a good deal on a hybrid car. Once he got his new car, Stuart was very happy and relieved.
He got to the mountain and met his guide. They climbed up with a little effort and got to the top. Red was happy he learned a new skill and enjoyed it.
You have to go underground between terminals. It is like the twilight zone. This is at the Detroit airport.
But she found something, She found a huge bug. Susie screamed and threw the bag away.
We picked tomatoes and started a tomato fight. We hid in the fields and hurled the tomatoes at each other. Our mother was unhappy to see her tomatoes splashed across our shirts.
He ate away his whole parents pantry full of snacks and bread. He even ate the wedding cake of his brother Mer. Hamlet was depressed and alone, he ate all his friendships away.
Joe was on the bench one day. Gertie came out and kissed his head. Joe smiled and thanked her.
She picked up a flyer on her way to her dorm. It was an invitation for a party that night. She went and felt a lot better after.
She wanted to go to a beach with nice water. She narrowed it down to Mexico and Jamaica. She decided to flip a coin to decide!
Heather can not keep food inside of the house because of them. Her sons are always hungry. Heather is happy it's almost time for them to go back to school.
They went to the Doctor who suggested they go through IVF. They didn't want to waste time and started treatments immediately. Three months later they discovered they were pregnant with twins!
He put all the important dates on it. He color coded it, too. Patrick was very organized to start the school year!
The socks warned his feet up. But then his feet were too hot! He decided to switch to thin socks instead.
He realized he needed another activity to help reduce his stress. So he tried learning how to cook various types of food. But Rick couldn't help over indulging in them.
Without coverage, Perry was unable to get his car repaired. Perry was compelled to ride his bicycle to work. Eventually Perry lost weight and was healthier because of his cycling.
He jumped in and yelled cannonball. He had a wonderful time. Toby left and went back home, reveling in the swimming fun he had had.
One Tuesday she finally opened the bundle. It was full of candy and sweets! She gave everyone in the class some of her candy.
Taking a chance, she ordered a tourmaline at an unbelievable discount. What arrived was fake, ceramic painted like a crystal specimen. Lee learned the hard way that what's too cheap to be true is a scam.
There a few kids who are bullying him. At his last school he had a lot of friends. I hope it works out for him.
I said that it works out our ankles. They had run the ditch before. They had thought the same thing.
Shelley clarified that he had been misunderstood. Hopkins laughed about the misunderstanding. The two avoided the argument and had a pleasant evening together.
But we just played video games the whole time. I checked to see when our time was to speak. We weren't even on the schedule.
He is going to go on a train! The train has a engine at the beginning, and caboose at the end. He has fun riding the train.
The sounds in the house scared the teens. The teens jumped. The teens ran out of the house in fear.
Amy's face swelled, and her skin broke out in a rash. Al felt horrible, took Amy home, and apologized profusely. On their second date, Al brought Amy daisies and antihistamines.
Nazareth tried to gather his sheep, but they ran. He got out his gun and shot the wolf down. Then he realized it was just his dog Rufus.
He decided that he wanted to learn to draw. It wasn't easy at first. After many months of practice, however, his skills improved.
The all met downtown and went to the first bar. People commented on how funny their shirts were. The friends had a great night.
One day the weather was especially windy. A large gust of wind blew Bernie's hat off his head. He spent the next few minutes chasing after the tumbling hat.
We have searching for dim sum restaurants in our area. We found one in Belmont. Sadly, they do not make the dim sum dishes we like.
I was throwing it on the next floor of a balcony. I went up the stairs to get it. Someone had taken it.
Lisa booked a table at the next market in town. Many people bought from Lisa's booth. Lisa began to sell regularly at fairs.
She tried to brush it off. The fur wouldn't budge. Jen changed her shirt before she left.
But nothing worked. She had to just wait them out. It took a full hour for Anna's hiccups to trail off.
The champ was good at dodging hits. But Hugo tried very hard to beat him. He got a solid punch and a knockout for trying.
His parents promised to take him on his birthday. Nelly saw on television an advertisement for a circus. He convinced his parents to take him to the circus for his birthday.
It was beautiful with an upholstered headboard. Erica couldn't wait to put the finishing touches on it. It was going to be a beautiful room!
Shelley was helping her husband Joe. Joe bought a cube fridge for his office and needed to install it. Shelley drove off and waved to me.
The kids paid close attention. When the assembly was over, they went home. They all asked their parents about their fire safety plan.
He found a bunch of little snails in the grass. Matt plucked them out of the yard. He put them in a pond down the street.
Luise ran after him. The man was about to turn the corner. Luise hit him with the baguette and he fell.
It didn't leave him a lot of food to eat that would provide proteins. In the end, he had to give it up for health reasons. He went back to eating meat and regained his strength right away.
She went to her eye doctor, and learned she had cataracts. After her cataract surgery, Marjorie's vision quickly recovered. Marjorie was very pleased that she could start quilting again.
Trey's son fell from the monkey bars. The boy busted his lip open. Trey brought his son home to tend to his lip.
On they way back, I saw a street market. I was so engrossed in the market, I got lost. I had to walk many extra blocks to get back to my hotel!
I laid down and closed my eyes and rode the trip out. I thought about ways to live my life better. They wore off and gave me a new outlook on life.
They found lots of trash. They picked it up. They all had a fun time.
She called a coworker and asked her to sign in for her. They were both called to the manager's office when she got there. After a week off without pay, Nancy never did that again.
Suddenly the power cut out and the air conditioning shut off! The house got so hot the whole family had to go to a friend's house. Luckily when they returned the power was on and it was cool again.
Patsy was wary of the new child - what if they didn't get along? Things were tense until Patsy turned on music, and Jill lit up. They both loved the same band, and the bonding between sisters began.
Gloria got sicker and sicker. Eventually, Gloria had to amputate two toes. Gloria realized she needed to take care of herself.
Someone rowed up beside her and asked to borrow her boat. Wilma was very polite, so said yes. Wilma swam through the crocodile infested water with fear.
She borrowed her sister's skates and went outside. She fell and hurt her knee, but her sister quickly found her. Lucy's sister taught her how to do it properly and Lucy loved it.
Sometimes, he would ask if they would pose. Other times, they were candid photos. Ansel loved photography.
Yesterday her sister B called. B wanted to know if they could visit her 2 year old grandson. My wife postponed her shopping for a day.
She put on a life vest and hopped on. She sped across the water. The wind whipped through her hair and she smiled.
Everyone started dancing. The songs were getting everyone really excited! The party was a success!
The therapist helped them talk about things more calmly. They were feeling more optimistic about their relationship. They had the tools to work through their troubles.
He experienced difficulty trying to speak Korean. Instead of crying, he tried not to give up. Eventually, Ben started to learn a lot.
They put each piece together as they were supposed to. It came together quickly. Soon, the bookshelf was finished!
She worked very hard to create a great menu. All of the people in town loved the food. She became well known as a cook.
His first stop was The Netherlands. He fell in love with the culture. Gregory decided he would spend his entire trip there.
Cal cried for days and days. Soon, his parents surprised him with a brand new puppy. Cal cherished his new dog but would never forget his old dog, either.
Then she learned about modular homes. She looked into them and learned that they were affordable for her. Soon, she had her own modular home purchased.
Several of her neighbors complained to the HOA. Tina got a letter from the HOA. She was in trouble for breaking one of the rules.
On the way to lunch, we traveled through lots of construction. The roads were horrible, but I realized something else was wrong. When I stopped, I realized my tire was completely flat!
Her youngest threw a fit and said he didn't want to take it. Instead, she let him get the lunch at school. He was happy to get a change of pace.
He finally found one and pulled it on. The hat was furry and warm. The boy was happy to have a hat on when it started snowing.
She was playing with it one day when the hair fell out! Miranda was sad that her troll was now bald. It just wasn't as fun without the hair.
The seat next to her was empty. We ate at a fancy restaurant. My track team had decided to go out.
She had to struggle to get him to stand still. She finally got him clean. He smelled much better!
She picked it up and put it in her pocket. It was her lucky day! Renee decided to spend it on ice cream.
One day at school, a cat came up to him and played with him. Joe had a lot of fun with the cat. Now, Joe is not scared of cats.
He didn't feel like getting up so he called in for a pizza. The delivery guy showed up and Mark payed. The pizza was amazing.
His state had a judo competition and he participated in it. There were 20 contestants and he had to compete against all of them. Conner beat all 20 people and was crowned the winner at first place.
She looked at her watch and realized that she missed her bus. Tammy ran out the front door and decided to walk to work. She made it to work with just enough time to spare.
He wanted to make a good impression. On opening night, he nailed it. Zach was so proud of himself!
Kevin returned to the shore. He finished fishing from the shore. Kevin repaired his boat later.
Carrie was allergic to horses. Her father dressed up as a horse for Carrie birthday. She rode along on her father's back happily during the party.
They had a good time at the beach. They found lots of seashells. They took a lot of pictures at the beach.
He was choose to compete in the final round, on TV. Performing on stage was so exciting. He didn't win, but he had a lot of fun.
When she bit into the chicken, she had a disgusted look. When she spit her chicken out, Henry can see the wrong pieces. He immediately apologized.
I asked his mom what happened to him. She said he fell on the ground while playing. I said it was all part of growing up.
He knew he needed to save money and put everything in savings. But one day, there was a massive sale at an electronics store. And he spent all of his money on a computer and video games.
As Joey walked into the exhibit, his mother waited outside. Joey's mother had an intense fear of snakes. Joey was glad that she let him see the snakes.
She walked up the steps, reassuring herself. She introduced herself to her new coworkers. She sat down and got to work!
On Christmas morning Ben told his son the good news. Ben's son jumped up and down with excitement. Ben was very happy to see his son so excited.
They were all scared. That night Jane had a nightmare about the movie. She decided not to watch that one again anytime soon!
So he played aggressively. He attacked a girl. So he got kicked out of the game.
The food was excellent! They tried things they had never had before. It was a great experience.
They gave him a hundred dollars for everything. The guy was disappointed in himself. He swore he would be better with his money in the future.
The kids loved the silly theme. They clapped when it was over. It was a great play!
She was quite excited. But when she got there she lost her bracelet. Someone nice though helped her find it.
He tried watching a horror show on Netflix. Halfway through the first episode he got too scared. Jeff will just stick to comedies from now on.
Vince said yes and went there everyday after school. After awhile he got his certificate and became a personal trainer. Vince now owns his own gym and loves the work he does.
But then her brother taught her about turtles. Nina decided to set her turtle free. She didn't want to be a cruel captor!
One day Leila chased him from the backyard to the front yard. She ran after him down the street and inside his house. She stopped and set next to his grandfather in their living room.
The man got him excited about living! Kevin decided to start his own business and take control of his future. Within the year, he was more successful than he had ever been.
The racers were tied as the came around the corner. The leader tripped on the last hurdle. He fell and lost the race!
He used it at the next funeral he did. The family really loved the sleek new car. Floyd knew it had been a wise purchase.
While Ryan was eating he noticed a man in a mask. The man in the mask came up to Ryan and robbed him. Ryan ran to his hotel and called the police.
Ellie decided that she didn't like taking dance. She wanted to quit. Her mom made her stay in the class for the whole session.
The veterinarian found Giardia infection from dirty drinking water. Jo contacted an animal welfare agency that investigated the store. She learned that the store sold dogs bred at filthy puppy mills.
When he brought his date home, he met her 8-year-old son. Later in the evening, her 23-year-old son walked into the house. Jamal decided to ask her how many kids did she have?
Serena was completely insulted that her mom wouldn't believe her. She told her mom that her feelings were hurt. Luckily, her mom calmed down and decided to give her a chance.
He contacted his family members one by one. He told them how much he loved them and how sorry he was. He felt better after that and found his health faster than expected.
She could only find a tiger custom. Tricia bought the tiger custom making some changes to it. The custom was now made to look like a cat.
His owner noticed it was empty. The owner poured food in. The dog gobbled it up.
The IRS audited her. The IRS found out she lied. Now Susie's in jail.
Charles thinks about her day and night. He sends her flowers all the time and can't wait to see her. Charles bought an engagement ring for Dori today.
She placed an ad on tutoring website. Someone answered the advertisement promising to help. Lori tutor helped her to pass her final math exam.
It hurt so much! George cursed and yelled. He stomped back to the store and tried to return the defective coat.
Deana really wanted a new bike this year! She woke up early and ran down the stairs and saw it! It was her new bike and she rode it all the time after that.
They split up into two teams. They then decided to play capture the flag. Everyone had fun and was covered in paint.
But it was just getting too hot. So she had to leave. She had to watch it on television instead.
I had to wait a full day so I got a hotel room. On my way to the airport the next day I told my mom what I was doing. She wished me good luck and I got on my flight!
Every year I go back there to visit and see how he has grown. Now he is joined by a beautiful little sister. I am very excited to be going to visit them on my yearly trip.
He liked going into work every day. The factory was like home to him. He loved making it run smoothly.
He wasn't sure about them so he talked to his parents about them. They weren't sure either so he started asking friends. A few of his friends were skeptical so didn't accept the offer!
Joel had a beard and Jacob was bald. Despite their physical changes, they hit it off very fast. And they swore they'd never get out of touch again.
At first it seemed the heat and humidity would stop them. But they pushed through to the summit. Anna and her dad scaled Mount Fuji together triumphantly!
He didn't want to go buy more. So he decided to use the kale anyway. But he felt very sick after he ate it.
Dave went out to the stage. Dave started telling jokes. The entire crowd found him hilarious!
When I got there the ducks swarmed me for the free food. They were very greedy and would eat as fast as I could feed them. After I fed them all the bread I walked home.
And I fell down. There was water in my knee. It took weeks for it to get back to normal.
She was excited for her new job. She worked with many kids. She really liked her new job.
During the test, he was forced to guess on many questions. Then, the day of the results came. He had done a horrible job and would have to retake the test.
Thomas' social life improved as the year wore on. He began spending a lot of time hanging out and almost none studying. Thomas scored just above passing on the exam.
I thought that sounded interesting so I applied for it. I received a call to go over the job assignment. I get to do my first assignment tomorrow.
Jude knew that this girl really liked music. Jude took a sad song, and made it better. The girl loved the new song, and they started dating.
Carter's brother popped his balloon. Carter ran and told his mother. Carter's brother got punished for popping the balloon.
What he didn't know was that Ken had inherited a small fortune. When Ken received the letter in the mail, he couldn't believe it. He was thankful for his grandfather's thoughtful act.
Her colleagues gawked at her while she was eating. She let them try a few bites and they really liked it. Now she brings more for everyone so they can sample new food.
I wanted to have an authentic Hawaiian time. Instead I did mostly tourist activities. I still had a great time and guiltlessly loved my experience there.
Still Jack refused. His wife had chosen this truck and named it Tilda. Tilda outlived Jack's wife and she helped him remember the good days.
Soon they were in a heated conversation about their music tastes. The duo decided that they should collaborate on some music. The resulting album was very popular with all of their friends.
Justin had never had pizza from this place. He loved the pizza. Justin got his parents to order from the place when they had pizza.
The pitcher threw a curveball and David missed. On the second pitch David hit a homerun. David's team celebrated by dumping water all over David and cheering.
Janet stopped for an energy drink. Janet chugged the energy drink. Now Janet was wide awake behind the wheel.
I noticed it right away. It was curdled. So I had to immediately throw it away.
The company wasn't able to book Chuck a room. Chuck paid for his own room on the trip. The company later reimbursed him.
The monkey did all kinds of silly things and Lisa laughed and laughed. When Bill went to put money in the man's hat the monkey bit him. Bill was very cross and sued the man for everything he had.
She was technically an employee of the mall rather than the city. Instead she put officious-looking warning letters on windshields. It was always disheartening to watch patrons crumple them up.
He played until it was time for dinner. John ate dinner and felt better. He played for a little while longer and went to bed happy.
It was closed. She went to the bookstore. She read it there in the stacks without paying!
She was afraid at first. But when she got on the plane she was pleasantly surprised. Flying, she found, was actually delightful!
She had all of her friends inside afterward. It was a very special day. Her life had changed forever.
We saw fish a foot long. They were swimming around our feet. We were unable to grab one.
One day he went to the doctors for a yearly physical. The doctor told him that cupcakes were very unhealthy. Gerald stopped eating cupcakes and ate vegetables instead.
Several women seemed appealing, so I liked them. I received a message that I was too old and ugly for one woman. Now I feel terrible and won't return to dating.
The crab tried to attack her. She ran away. Everyone laughed.
The person said she only had to sign one thing. But then she was hassled with more and more paperwork. Donna learned to avoid signing petitions on the street.
When she went on lunch she opened her lunch bag. Her sandwich was only bread and mustard! Barb decided to run and grab a burger for lunch.
He caught the ball. But he landed on a window. He had to let his arm heal.
But then they gave her a chance to make a supreme pizza. To everyone's shock, Amy did very well! They were quite impressed.
All the sudden she screamed in pain. She scraped herself. The pool bottom was too rough for her.
Travis stopped and offered her a ride. The woman got into the car without a word. Travis then informed her she couldn't smoke in the car.
It turned the white towels pink! His wife was not very happy. She made him buy new towels.
Later she realized that it was the landscapers. She then felt relieved. She went out to apologize to them.
He quickly searched his desk, looking for some dental floss or gum. Luckily, he found a full travel dental kit in the back of his drawer. Norbert and his dentist both had a pleasant time during his visit.
But one day, he failed a test. And he learned that he couldn't guess any longer. So he decided to quit guessing and start studying.
He went to the game. He was the top scorer. He was thrilled.
They all ate them around the campfire. The s'mores were delicious. It was their favorite camping treat!
She asked her husband if he could pick some on his way home from work. He agreed to buy a gallon of skim milk. Mary was happy she didn't have to go to the store.
It was a busy morning, and Ray decided he needed to take a nap. He woke up to the sound of the smoke alarm. Unfortunately, the pie was ruined.
Mark studied very hard before taking the test. On the day of the test he was afraid that he wouldn't pass. Mark was happy when he got a letter telling him he had passed the test.
He could put all his t-shirts and shorts on it. His room felt more organized. Travis was happy that he had built such a sturdy shelf!
Lacy practiced the solo part every day. She tried out to get the solo in the band. Lacy was chosen to do the solo in the performance.
Janice had made a great shot. She was lining up the shot for the eight ball. Janice hit it and the ball went in.
Ben tried to take his pulse. It was very weak. He was taken to the hospital, but Ben and his wife was arrested.
It was done charging in just five minutes! Daniel was amazed at how fast it worked. It was a great new invention!
We picked out a recipe and started cooking. The dinner was going alright but we were worried about it. After getting the dinner out of the oven we were very pleased!
She had forgotten she had entered. She got a call a month later. She had won a new car.
She loved not having a boss breathing down her neck. A few weeks in, though, she had gained ten pounds. Now Erica does her work from the treadmill.
She applied to one nearby her family home. Gloria was accepted. She now has an even group of friends among both boys and girls.
She didn't want her daughter to find the gift. Susan decided to hide the gift. She put the gift in her closet behind her clothes.
Eventually there would come the final night before the due date. I would have to read as much of the book as possible. Then I would have to also write the entire report in that same night.
I tried waiting a few days to take him to the vet to see how he was. He started coughing more and more so I took him to the vet. The vet diagnosed him and gave him some medication as well.
Usually he takes a half-hour, but I thought nothing of it. An hour later he's not back and the store is full of customers. He ended up leaving me by myself until it was time to close.
Louise said she gets cabin fever and needs to get out. They caught the 227 bus. I waved goodbye to her.
It was rocky and full of trees so the trek up was slow. Near the top he almost fell off a cliff but was able to avoid it. Finally after a few hours of hiking he reached the summit.
They'd never ridden roller coasters before. They stood in line for an hour for the new ride. At the last second, they chickened out!
But she ventured out farther than she had planned. She was a poor swimmer and could only dog paddle. She hurried to get back to shallower water!
It was a great place to relax. He got comfortable and opened up a book. He liked having a relaxing night at home.
They didn't have a prenup and had to argue about everything. They eventually found a middle ground but forgot one thing. They didn't know who would keep the dog.
Bob called work to let them know he would be out the rest of the day. The dentist got to work on giving Bob multiple root canals. Bob's teeth hurt less after a few days - root canals hurt!
The radio announcer said it was a tornado! I hid in my basement for hours. When I finally came out, the sky was clear and the stars were glowing.
When he got up, there was a dent in the cushions. He had worn out the couch! He threw a blanket on it to hide it.
There were grass stains on the girl's knees. The girl looked very tired. Donna said she was more tired than her granddaughter.
It blew over in the first big storm. Pieces of it went everywhere. Bill had to rebuild it.
Every time he finished one magazine, he couldn't wait to get another. He flipped through them on his commute to work. This magazines were his favorite way to pass the time.
The children scurried to their bedroom door to listen to the sounds. Afraid of catching Santa in the act, the children woke their parents. The family hurried to the tree to meet their new noisy puppy.
But he read that bananas are a natural antacid. And eating one made him feel better. So he decided to add more bananas into his diet.
Lisa was sitting too close to the fan. Her hair got caught in the fan. Lisa's husband had to turn the fan off.
It was so sparkly and beautiful. Fran couldn't wait to marry her love. It was an exciting time for her!
She decided to go home. The creepy man followed! Amy raced home and slammed and locked the door.
She added it to almost everything. She put it in a quiche and her family raved. It was delicious!
His heart was enlarged and he could die at any time. His son got better and is now 16. Sam is very grateful.
He told his parents, who then went and talked to the principal. The principal held an assembly on bullying. Liam was not bullied again by those kids and he was happy.
People started honking at her. She finally noticed that the light had changed. Kim was a nervous wreck when she got home.
They were so scary and menacing. He waited until the keepers dropped fish in. The sharks ate the fish whole.
One day his opponent was killed during a reckless beating by Remy. He was deemed too ruthless and of wanting to inflict greater pain. He was banned from fighting and was never heard from again.
They sat down and looked at each one together. They laughed and smiled and cried too. They had such a good time remembering their special day.
Jim stepped out of the gym to answer the call. His daughter scored two baskets when he was gone. Jim felt bad for missing her shots.
However, I could not figure out where to park. When I found a place to park, I didn't have change for the meter. I drove home disappointed that my night didn't go as planned.
He did not get accepted into any job and he was very sad. Frank made his own newspaper and wrote for that. Now the newspaper is very famous and Frank is a reporter.
Sure enough, her ears are starting to bother her again. So this week we will make yet another trip to the vet! The ear infection we recently got rid of has returned yet again.
So he bought normal jeans from another store. When he got home he made rips in them himself. His friends complimented him on his cool jeans.
Fred decided to copy their diets and workout routines. But he felt himself getting sick and weak. Fred went back to his normal diet and his health improved.
It was their first time away from home. They were very nervous! They had a lot of fun on their new adventure.
One day a man came and wanted to sell her insurance, for a fair price. She was confused as to why she needed this since she never had it. The man walked away,confused himself as to how that woman became that.
When he went to the store, he found out they were out of stock. James then drove 200 miles to get the headphones at another store. James was very happy once he got the headphones.
He went to the parking lot and started his car. He saw lights and heard a siren. The cop had been sitting at the table beside him.
Lucas realized he had a job interview that afternoon. He hurried quickly to the interview. Then he realized he was wearing pink nail polish.
He was very nervous and woke up super early to study. The teacher said he was confident in Alex to take the test! Alex took the test and got a passing grade!
Although she saved up to buy a textbook, she went out for dinner. She brung her sisters since they were starving. The total dinner bill was $50.
Jason hit on a woman at the bar. The woman happened to be the girlfriend of the bar owner. Jason was kicked out of the bar.
He tried making several dishes but ruined them all. Matt decided to order in food and say he cooked it himself. His girlfriend was so happy and didn't notice!
She was told her prescription had changed. So she picked out new glasses. She couldn't believe how much it helped her headaches.
Yesterday, the woman threw the man out of the apartment. I mean, she opened the window and shoved him out. An ambulance came, and took him to hospital.
While at target Maggie's purse was taken as she picked out a shirt. She called and cancelled her credit cards. She will never put her purse up there ever again.
They waited over an hour. It was the best ride they'd ever been on! They had a ton of fun at Disney.
She hung it on the wall for decoration. Her guests always commented on how interesting it was. Heather had an interesting style.
He refused to tell her. The next day, she found a gift on her pillow when she woke up. He had surprised her with a diamond ring!
He was the smartest in his school and went to a good college. After that, he applied for a spy job. Keith got the job and now he is a spy.
I went very slowly up the trail. I stopped to rest at the top. When we were done my legs felt rubbery.
It was causing him back problems. And one day, it fell apart while he was sitting in it. And Joe just decided to reassemble the old chair.
What he did become interested in however was technology. He gained knowledge and certificates in the new field. After interviewing he landed a new job as a network administrator.
His mom invited some friends from the old neighborhood to visit. They played in the park, and met some new friends, too. Now Timmy had a lot of friends to play with, and he felt much better.
She decides to help mom with dinner. She makes chicken. The family loved her meal.
While she waited she put a dollar in the juke box. She selected a song by INXS. By the time her date showed up Alice was already gone.
One night he was very sleepy but insisted on finishing a piece. He accidentally hammered his finger and had to go to the hospital. Luckily nothing was broken and he was back to carpentry in no time.
Her family loved her recipe! They couldn't wait to sit down to eat. They all ate huge portions of the lasagna.
I left my queen in front of my king. Tom promptly captured her with a lesser piece, and won. I learned to never leave my queen in front of the king.
She got through the first round. She won a lot in the second round, too! Jessica was proud of how she competed.
His jacket was in the garbage so he had to buy a new one as well. Carl rushed to the store and purchased a new jacket. Now Carl is playing in the snow and is warm.
She got a huge settlement. Denise retired and moved to the beach. Her fortune was worth the pain!
Blake eventually ran out of money. Blake stole the candy. Blake was caught by the owner and apologized for his behavior.
They watched them every day after school. They watched a video about a specific mod. They rushed to download it for themselves.
He could barely look at his cards. When he did, he saw he won! He was having a lot of fun at the casino!
We all learned that I had terrible vision. The first day with glasses I fell down a lot. After I stopped falling down the glasses made life better.
The coastguard had to come and tow him back to land. The coastguard smelled alcohol on Bill and arrested him. Bill never drank while boating again!
Then One's cousin offered her an extra coat. It was a warm wool, and perfectly sized! Oni was so grateful!
Neither of them were experienced with driving such a vehicle. They flipped a coin and Erin had to drive it. She bumped a mailbox but otherwise succeeded.
When one of the sister died, Anita grieved deeply. With four sisters remaining it wasn't the same. And Anita has lost her joy for life.
Stephen sprayed them with insecticide. His wife ran out screaming. She told him to just pick them off himself.
On her way, she tripped and fell. It spilled gravy everywhere. The woman cried when she looked at the mess she had to clean up.
He loved how fast paced it was. He would practice any time he could find a partner. Zach was the best ping pong player around.
Her classmates thought she was a mean bully. One day a classmate told the teacher about Maya's behavior. Maya was sent to the principal's office.
Even the color lipstick she wore was red. Linda decided to change things up a bit. Instead of only wearing just red she now wears the color blue.
The batter that Joe is facing is the team's best hitter. Joe just needed one more strike. Joe threw a fastball and the hitter swung and missed.
Her brain felt foggy. After grading, her teacher was shocked at how poorly Fern did. She allowed Fern to retake the test.
I told her I could do it by myself. When I got to the store, I was so confused. After calling my friend, she helped me pick the perfect one.
But then he saw how popular competitive eating was. So he decided to upload videos of himself eating competitively. After gaining fame, Mack no longer felt insecure about himself.
But she fell in love. Now she is a stay at home mom. She has a great family.
A few days before the opening, his fridge died. He bought a ton of coolers, storing the food inside of them. The next day, he was able to be open on time and selling pizza.
Molly wanted to go to the nearest back to get cash. She called the bank to find the nearest branch. Molly got the cash for her sister.
I drove to the local music store and asked the clerk if they had any. He showed me a few of the trumpets they had. I bought one of them and took it home.
Evan was on the red team and Alex was on the blue team. They had many different sporting events at field day. Both boys slept well that night!
A car had crashed through a chain link fence into a yard. Luckily the car did not hit the house. We stayed so long watching the kids were a bit late.
He found it grueling and grating work. The hot weather was as bad as the vitriol from the players. Eventually he found weekend work at a museum and stopped officiating.
He was so excited to relax and spend his days however he wanted. He enjoyed all his free time. Retirement was great!
He was excited to show them the elephants and the clowns. They all loved the show. They clapped and cheered when it was over.
He tried to put his arm around her and kiss her. She smacked him and told him to knock it off. He took her home right afterwards.
She is nervous to start talking in front of everyone. She got over her nerves and introduced herself to the class. Before long she was confident and became a great teacher.
Debbie got a knee brace from her doctor. It helped her a lot! Soon she could walk without a limp.
He looked around the car to find the smell. He found a food container from the previous week. George decided he needed to clean his car.
The storm was as severe as predicted. A huge tree fell on Marion's house. She was trapped in her basement.
It grew taller and taller. Soon, she had to trim it back. It really made a statement on her porch!
She went to speak to him. Keanu thought she was his mother. Keanu was high on drugs.
Finally, they thought up a daycare camp for kids. They watched several kids for the next week. At the end, they had plenty of money for clothes.
After she signed something, the deaf student gasped. Lindsey was confused by the reason. Lindsey had unknowingly cursed out the deaf classmate.
One day she confronted her boss and asked about the concerns. Her worst dreams came true when she was told they were indeed killed. She immediately quit her job and became an animal advocate.
One day Larry challenged a friend of his to a potato peeling contest. Larry's friend Joe was hesitant but eventually agreed. Larry peeled three times as many potatoes as his friend.
He made a bowl and a vase! He was excited about his progress. He signed up for another class to learn more.
Once outside, she immediately started building a fort for protection. Her friends were shocked to see it, but threw snowballs anyways. Tomorrow, she would make her snowballs first!
The song in question was title Under Pressure. She got a tattoo declaring her love for the track. Later she preferred Bowie's solo stuff and regretted the tattoo.
Doing the ride by myself was a mistake. There were scary dinosaurs and lights. It was at the Animal Kingdom in Disney World.
Jimmy accepted the award in front of the crowd. They all clapped after he spoke. Jimmy felt very honored.
Later he learned that the bookstore was selling the book for $50. After doing some research, Jack discovered he had sold a rare book. Jack vowed to do more research before selling another book.
A friend told him to quit while he was ahead. Seth thought his luck would never end and placed another bet. Seth has been living on the streets ever since.
One day he was driving with alcohol in the back. He was kicked out of the army. They said he had an open container of alcohol.
She was given antibiotics and an inhaler. My sister in law said she has the same inhaler for COPD. I said my sister in law should stop smoking.
He could make any crowd laugh. He started a new national tour. It sold out quickly because everyone was so excited to see him.
When the time came it started to rain heavily. The fair was postponed and the Smiths were really upset. Thankfully it was only for a week and they visited the next weekend.
I tried to sell it on Amazon. The book was so old it started crumbling as I opened it. I threw the book away.
She wasn't sure how she would get everyone where they needed to go. She carefully wrote it all out on the calendar. She was determined to make it all work!
He did not want to give up his seat. I told him I wanted to look at the buildings. Our choir was in Chicago to perform.
A large truck turned into the street. Ben and Larry ended up colliding into each other. They fell on a set of rocks.
My dog noticed the cat and became tense. He started to bark although the cat was far. I had to aggressively hold the leash to prevent him from running away.
She alerted the GPS trackers of the theft. Soon police had found Kia's car. They returned it to her and arrested the thief!
Bobby got distracted by a call from a friend. Bobby spent over an hour on the phone. He was not prepared for his test the next day.
Rob then called his brother, but Sam could hear the conversation. Sam told Rob about it later. Rob joked how he is terrible with smartphones.
Jenny mother would give her a pink sticker every time she potted. Soon Jenny wanted to potty all the time for a sticker. Her mother had to come up with a new good behavior gift for Jenny.
He rode passed his parents car. He also passed by his house without notice. Dannie had to turn all the way back around.
When her check came in she packed her bags and met up with friends. They drove across the states and saw many attractions adding joy. At the end of their trip they all felt fulfilled and ready for work.
I complained that the burger was undercooked. I took one bite into it. My step dad always did the grilling.
Her plans were ruined. Brooke dad decided to take her backpacking for her birthday. She ended up stuck in rocky mountains for her birthday.
Steve worked hard, and the added heat made him sweat profusely. He became so dehydrated that he suffered a heat stroke. After recovering, Steve was forced to work only indoors.
Her mother told her not to touch it. Margaret touched it anyway. She ended up getting a weird rash on her hand.
She closed the door. He opened it back up. He said he did not want her to close the door.
We used sticks as swords. It seemed like something fun to do. We were at running camp.
He went in there with a blazer. He messed up during it. He did not get the job.
She bought a bottle of red apple juice. I had never seen that color in an apple juice before. The drink was tart, but good.
Brad was mad that she told them his secret. He ignored Gina for several months. They became friends again once Gina apologized.
He looked at the tag. He realized it was his wife's jacket. They laughed together at that experience.
Tina tried calling several of her friends. None were available to give her a ride. Tina called a cab for a ride to the show.
The beds were small and old. The prices were great, however! Sean was just happy to be traveling.
She desperately tried to brush it off. She grabbed a lint roller and worked to remove it. Kendra got her shirt clean and then rushed out the door.
They all watched her go through her routine. They gave her very high marks! Tara was relieved and proud.
They called her anti-feminist. But then Anna realized something more important. She actually LOVED sewing!
When he failed to hit any of the targets, he knew the game was rigged. Tyrone demanded that his money be refunded, but the carnie refused. Tyrone shot at the carnie, and he didn't miss.
The counselor wanted to introduce me to a girl. She wanted me to take her to the prom. I didn't ask her to go.
She had to get a loaner car because her car will take a week to fix. Bette was nervous because she didn't want to get in another accident. She started driving again and started to feel better.
She was careless, and the nail polish spilled all over her new phone. Aline cursed to herself, and threw the iphone at the wall. To her astonishment, the phone still worked.
I wish I had been quicker. I had to bend below the dock. I had gone fishing with a friend at a pond.
Tina started to feel sick. I felt badly for her. She ended up throwing up.
They chose a large and rowdy dog, who had been rescued. His parents wanted him trained, but the dog wasn't good with tricks. Nick didn't care at all, and was already in love with his dog.
One day he finally booked a flight out to the city. Once he arrived, the city seemed pleasant, but nothing extraordinary. Arthur realized he inflated his expectations.
He did not really enjoy the Navy. So he decided to drop out of the Naval Academy. He got a dishonorable discharge.
These, she seasoned with salt and garlic. Then she boiled them in hot oil. They were incredibly delicious!
She liked to talk about the pros and cons of them all. She was great at matching clients with their dream locations. Sheena was always happy to hear that the person had had a great trip.
He met a woman who owned a farm. Terry and the farmowner fell in love. Terry grew to like the company through the work ethic of his partner.
He worked with his son to fix the car. A year later they fixed the car. They drove the car everywhere.
A car does not stop for his directing. The car hits Teddy. Teddy is run over by a car.
For years the sun had withered away its chances of survival. Right when it seemed all hope was lost, it all changed with a drop. The end of the drought started with a single drop of rain.
A salesman let me play with a guitar in a corner. A string snapped, flying up and hitting me in the face. I immediately handed back the guitar.
She tried to make a few different rolls. It was so hard! She decided to go to a sushi restaurant and order instead.
I asked her what she meant. She said to wash my shirt. I always had a clean shirt after that.
He fell asleep. He didn't realize the library was closed. He had to leave.
They all told him they forgot the homework as well. They sat in a circle before school and tried to finish it! With the group of them all trying they managed to get it done!
He filmed it with an ad agency. He loved the end result. It aired for the first time that weekend.
She was worried she would never see another one again. She bought five of them to be safe. Now, if one got stained, she would have a backup.
She tries to make a friend with a girl in school. The girl pushes her down and laughs at her. Riley got bullied on her first day of school.
She hated them, but she was losing weight. She lost ten pounds and decided that was enough. She was never going to eat another rice cake!
One day he decided to start early. He ate half his meal before everyone else. And this time, he finished with everyone.
Billy put the fish in the tank. But he forgot to feed it. Billy's fish died.
He invited his friend Bill. They had a great time. Bill even caught a foul ball.
When she was about a week old I shaved my chest hair. This allowed me to hold her without losing hair. I believe our strong bond is owed to those trimmed hairs.
At first he only played halfhearted. But eventually he started to really get into it. She was very proud of him for giving it his all.
When she grew up she played the lotto every day. One day she bought a ticket and chose the numbers of her birthday. She won 50 million dollars and considered herself lucky after all.
We just came from our hotel. It was a bumpy road we were driving down. We were in Central America.
His family moved an hour away to a very small town. Cody found that in such a small town people were really nice. He made a lot of good friends and still lives there to this day.
One day, she chose cinnamon. Her guests all commented on how pleasant the scent was. Kate was proud of her home.
She loved the structure of it. She also loved pushing herself physically. Franny was happy she chose this career path.
She decided to look up the issue online. Luckily she found all sorts of good advice for dealing with the pain. With the tips in hand, she was able to alleviate the pain.
He would eat an entire bag on his own. He was never full. He bought five bags to last him through the weekend.
Lacy had a huge recital, and she was scared. Her mother hugged her and comforted her. Lacy went out on stage and performed her heart out.
His mother-in-law was babysitting his one year old boy. His wife got into a fight with her mom and threw her out. Now they are wondering who can babysit for them.
George had to go through extensive training. He failed training on the first round. But on his second try he was able to pass and join.
But then she decided to go to the game. So she cancelled the date. Then she decided not to go to the game.
Soon, customers were streaming in. The sign had attracted a lot of business. John had a great opening day.
He put it on the grill and heard it sizzle. He flipped it over when it was almost done. He sliced into the steak and took a big bite.
He called the police. They took the rock for evidence. Todd was very scared being home alone after that.
She forgot the lizards and snakes she had been considering. She fell in love with the dog right away! She took him to a vet - and then home to live with her!
She practiced her talent routine and her posing. She put on her fancy new pageant dress. It was time to compete!
Xavier fell down in pain. Xavier started bleeding. Xavier limped to the bench and sat down, fed up.
The other concerts featured pop music. The orchestra played several compositions. The conductor died a few weeks later.
One day, his wife told him he had to give up the pipe. He got very angry. He told her it was none of her business.
It was dog food. But Sam liked how it tasted. So he had dog food cereal the next morning too.
On Saturday, her manager called her on her cell phone. Her coworker didn't show up for her shift! As she drove to work, Amy vowed to leave her phone off on the weekend.
Steve didn't know Napoleon was actually a great amateur fencer. Napoleon beat Steve very easily in the match. Napoleon took the girl out that weekend instead of Steve.
When we saw the line we were appalled. The line was twenty minutes long. But when we were done and tasted the donuts they were worth it.
The chaos began at 7, when I noticed an unusual noise outside the car. It sounded like the car and the road were playing patty-cake. Turns out I didn't just have a flat tire, I had three!
She washed one neighbor's cars. She walked her other neighbor's dog every day. By the end of the summer she had enough to buy her phone.
She patted out the burgers and loaded them with cheese. After she put them on the skillet she walked away. The burger burnt to the skillet.
So he started to eat more and work out. Now he is muscular. He has been to a bodybuilding show.
So they decided to go too the movies. They got ready and left the house. Rafa enjoyed the movie and had a good day.
But one day she was in a great mood, as she'd won $200 recently. She thought her mood would last, but her first customer was a jerk. She resigned herself to another bad day at work.
They decided to head to the pool. They dove in and felt refreshed. What a great way to cool off!
He swallowed it. He realized he just ate peanuts. Jimmy was rushed to the hospital for help.
His daughter was nervous for her first practice. She slowly began to make new friends. Kyle watched his daughter become a more social child.
Tonight I will go out to a bar with my friends. Tomorrow we get to sleep late and have fun all day. It will not matter if I want to be lazy tomorrow.
Bill's father disapproved of the impending marriage. This put a strain on Bill's relationship with his father. After the wedding things were never the same between Bill and his dad.
He had games, and rides for the locals to enjoy. Many people came to the fair and had great fun! The vicar raised enough money to restore the whole church.
It started to rain. It is a good thing that Susan completed her set up. Susan made her bed and read a book until it stopped raining.
He dried off quickly. Then he hung the towel back up. His mom hated when he put clean towels in the washing machine.
Allowing herself to enjoy color, fabric, and trims was joyful. She saw fun and personality in the mirror, not her stomach or hips. Freed from worrying about camouflage, Jan found her beauty again.
Soon she was feeling full blown contractions. Suddenly, she realized she was out of time and the baby was imminent. She ended up giving birth in the store!
She managed to get the other car's license plate number. Then she called the police for help. Soon the other driver was caught and arrested.
He approached her and introduced himself. She told him her name was Dori and looked into his eyes. He knew right then he was in love and it was love at first sight.
Tom's dad would take him to the batting cages everyday. So that once tryouts came, he could hit the ball well. On the day of tryouts Tom wowed the coaches and made the team.
Tomorrow she also had a math test! Seeing her upset, her dad came in to help. She finished her homework and got an A on the test!
The togas were white and billowing. They read about famous Greeks as well. It was fun pretending to be part of that era.
He loved flying it around his neighborhood. He took videos with it as well. The drone was a fun new thing to play with.
He shared it all over the place but no one liked it. Finally he decided to put more effort into the song. He learned that hard work was the only way to make a good song.
Presley found his music hokey and old-fashioned. When she moved out, she had her name legally changed. Later she came to like Elvis' music and regretted the change.
The trees made shade in the grass. The employees could imagine sitting in the shade on their lunch break. The building was going to be a great new location for them!
It was damn and full of cobwebs. They got to work on cleaning it out. They had big plans for making it nice.
It was dark and creepy and gloomy. They had never seen anything like it! They took lots of pictures of the swamp.
I could not believe someone would take it. He was devastated. I hope we can find it.
After eight weeks, she finally spread chicken manure across the yard. Several of her neighbors complained about the smell. Scully felt vindicated later when her lawn looked lush and green.
I have to start to limit her time. She never wants to go outside anymore. She is becoming a bit obsessed.
Peter was sick of it, as he loved spending time with both of them. He tried many times to broker peace, but each truce was temporary. Peter gave up, and sadly decided to simply see his uncles separately.
He stepped on and saw that he'd gained twenty pounds. Greg was even more determined to do well. He started working out as well.
Kids around the country would gather to watch it. It was on every Saturday morning for years. The kids were disappointed when it was cancelled.
She gave him her sunglasses to play with. Timmy broke her sunglasses. Luckily it was a cheap pair.
He resolved to become a vegetarian, and thought it would be easy. Unfortunately it wasn't as easy as he thought - he missed meat. But he was still determined to do what he felt to be the right thing.
When the waiter decided to bring the food, I was excited. I placed my spoon inside of the soup. A living squid unexpectedly started to climb on it.
His daughter got her ears pierced at Harrod's. They dined at restaurants all over the city. Amazingly, the kids' favorite part was passing J K Rowling's car.
Josh brought the dog to the vet. He called his sister to tell her the dog was sick. Josh's sister was worried and came home sooner than expected.
He also used pepper spray on his eyes. Cleveland was irritated and filed several charges. The police officer lost his job.
She began to write the first page but her hand started to hurt. She realized she needed to write the book on her computer. She grabbed her laptop and wrote the first few chapters of her book.
They were flannel and they were so soft! He snuggled into bed that night and smiled. His new sheets were amazing!
He felt confident when he took the exam. Although he earned an 89%, he had a D in the class. The teacher wasn't willing to curve his grade.
This vessel is one I wanted, but I didn't have the money. I went on mTurk to see if I could make enough to buy it. After two days, I had gathered enough to purchase the item.
Two women and one man got out, and assaulted Kat. Later, Kat called the cops, and described her assailants. With this information, the police were able to arrest her attackers.
She gives it her all. She hears back a few days later. She landed the role in the play.
Julia wanted them to quiet down. So she had them play a game of tag. The twins then fell asleep from all the exertion.
Lee had more cucumbers than he thought he would. Lee pickled most of the cucumbers. He planted less cucumbers the next year.
It promised crispy bacon without the mess. The first time she used it, the plastic of the bacon maker melted. Mary was upset the item didn't work as promised.
He applied for a job in Connecticut. We were hopeful as we are in Boston, not too far away. He just found out he did not get the job.
She bought an ice cream cone! But it gave her a terrible stomachache. After 18 years, Anna had become lactose intolerant!
I had to be at work on time. I threw myself together quickly. I was still thirty minutes late.
He decided to find a new route home. He found a new route that was faster. He now walks with friends and his new route is much safer.
They all admired how great the photo was. Every time she looked at it, she smiled. She decided to add other family photos as well.
She was tired to sweeping up fur. One day, she discovered a huge fur ball on the floor. She snapped and shaved the cat!
Anna took the bird to a vet. The vet splinted the wing and gave Anna care instructions. Anna cared for the bird until it could fly off!
One of the trees is a large coconut tree. Every time we cookout, my husband gets coconuts from the tree. He puts a hole in them and we drink fresh coconut water.
Keith is going to fast down the slope. He hits a hidden rock and ascends into the air. Keith falls on his neck crushing his spine.
Jacob was taken captive by ISIS. He pretended to convert to Islam. He dressed up in a burqa and was able to escape as a woman.
She came on and said she can't wait to put all her opponents in jail. The host tried to shush her. The Candidate apologized, and said she didn't know she was live.
Today he complained about poor router service on Snapchat. A Snapchat friend suggested he get a job and move out. Tim said he needs time to find himself.
The next day, Susie woke up and remembered it was her birthday. She heard barking. Susie ran from her bed and saw her mother had surprised her with a dog.
During middle school tryouts, Courtney messed up her routine. She asked the judges if she could start over. She did her routine perfectly this time and made the team!
She drove down on Sunday. I went along for the ride. We ended up buying ice cream cones.
He had to spend his time playing cards waiting for more work. But as nothing happened again that day, he decided to go home. Instead of wasting his time, he called in sick the next day.
The kids pulled out their umbrellas and ran for the car. They were soaked! They rushed home to dry off.
He grilled it until it was medium-well. He put it on the plate and got ready to take a bite. He'd looked forward to this all day!
He had a jar full of change in his closet. Perry rolled the change in wrappers. He was able to buy lunch with the change until payday.
Every morning he got up an hour earlier to prepare for the day. He got into the routine of riding his bike to work. Ron lost 20 pounds in the first month.
She loved that many of her friends were jealous of the attention. One day her best friend caught her cheating and told everyone. Her reputation was forever ruined and she wasn't considered smart.
His mom told him not to leave so soon. Jim did not listen. He got to school before all the other students and teachers.
He plugged a lot of hours in training at the academy. Jay graduated top of his class. He now flies fighter jets for the United States Air force.
Kenny spent late nights working on unfinished projects. He was able to get complete all his work by the deadline. Kenny was promoted to general manager.
She didn't understand why I spoke to her with aggression. As a result, she walked away. At the end of the day, I felt bad.
Harry had owed a lot of money on the stolen credit card. The authorities were notified of Harry's crimes. Harry was arrested.
But I knew there sushi wasn't always fresh. Though I decided it buy a salmon avocado roll anyway. Afterwards, I regret not just going to a sushi restaurant.
To her surprise the lost wallet belonged to her grandfather. Carol happily returned the wallet to her grandfather. He awarded Carol with money for an ice cream cone.
His mom put bandaids on them. Soon, he was back on his bike. He wouldn't let some scratches hold him back!
She was forced by her mother take along her sister. Jade sister got lost in the mall. Mall security located her little sister for Jade.
She sat at the end of her street all day. Surprisingly, her toys all sold! She was able to buy her mom a new book.
People became aware of his talent. And they encouraged him to compete in a mental arithmetic competition. Travis was happy to win first place.
He told me his sister has no sense of taste and has Ensure to stay ali. He even told me she had considered suicide. I stopped complaining.
I tried to remind him that the items were discounted at 50%. However, he didn't believe me. We ended up fighting for several minutes.
She agonized over how to tell her husband how she felt. Finally, she decided to be honest. He admitted that he expected that, and they laughed about it.
I had the power to tell all of the employees what to do. Soon, the employees were not very fond of me. So I took them all out for a big scoop of ice cream.
There was food as far as the eye could see. Collin covered his plate with food and then went back for more. He didn't need to eat for the rest of the day.
When I arrived, I saw the prettiest girl in all of the world. She saw me looking at her and waved me over. We talked and decided to date.
When he got home, the box was at his door. He opened the box to find his phone broken in a million pieces. John was disappointed and had to return his phone.
So he found someone else going that way. He met his friend at a hotel. His parents came to get him later.
He bought large water jugs and got refills for 25 cents a gallon. And he saved lots of money on water. Dave never went back to buying bottled water again.
He wanted a last party. His friends threw him a moving away party. He cried but is happy.
I went right into the water with the phone. I could not dry it out, even using rice. I ended up getting a new phone and a waterproof case.
She talked to a few women friends. In the end, she managed to get one woman to join. It wasn't much, but at least she wasn't alone anymore.
Mable shifted in her seat. She spilled soup down her leg. Mable burned her legs.
Champ and Twyla got to go to a nice restaurant. It was only a fraction of the price. The catch was that they had to listen to a timeshare presentation.
She had finally found a weight loss center that was effective. Lynn had already lost 15 pounds in three weeks, and she was happy. So we enjoyed our conversation even though I was the only one eating.
He tried a hair treatment he saw on tv. His hair began to grow back. His friends stopped teasing him.
He was successful at first. One day, he lingered to long in a store. And was apprehended by a local police man.
But when he got to the dealership, he was surprised. That price was only for people with perfect credit, apparently. Ryan's payment would be more than double the advertised price!
So he bought tons of groceries. And he imagined lots of great food he could make. But he only used half of the food he bought before it expired.
He said it was for being the top salesman for the year. Karl was honored. He put the award on a shelf above his desk.
The like to make out there. It makes some older people uncomfortable. I do not think anyone can stop them.
After some deliberation, I asked if I could make payments on one. The clerk said yes, so I bought a really expensive grand piano! When I got home, it wouldn't fit in my house.
Carla tries to make new friends in her class. No one wants to be friends with Carla. She keeps trying until she does make a few friends.
He drove down to his favorite fishing spot. Jay realized he had forgotten his bait. Jay drove to a bait shop down the road to get bait.
The best part is you no longer have to wear uniforms. You also have a lot more homework. Hopefully, he will have a good year.
She would grow fruits and vegetables to sale. Jody would attend farmer markets all over the area selling her food. Eventually Jody opened her own all natural garden market.
After opening a shop to sell her work, Jan developed a following. Her decoupage and chalk-painted furniture were featured in a magazine. This led to a TV show where Jan shared her techniques with others.
He went to investigate. Suddenly, Klaus felt a sharp pain in his foot. He had stepped on a jellyfish.
Gob got sick with heat exhaustion from riding in the heat. Gob had to go to the emergency room to help his heat exhaustion. Gob took the bus to work after that.
She introduced herself and we chatted for a while. I asked what she did, and she claimed to be an actress. I got two free tickets to a play tonight.
Some of her coworkers liked to talk behind her back. She asked them to hang out and go shopping when they were off. Her co workers joined her and they all became great friends.
They were not first in line, but still the line was not that bad. They both got a little nervous as they approached the front. As they rode that first hill, they knew it was well worth the wait.
My audio was fine. My friend said my voice was muffled. I had hoped to talk to him.
Marie bought a small refrigerator for her room. She began to put all her food in her room. Marie's food didn't disappear anymore.
She decided to offer a brownie incentive. Soon, she had more customers lining up like crazy. She made the money she needed really fast.
A car in front of him eventually stopped moving. Out of frustration, he ran into it. Police officers came and arrested him.
However, my thoughts changed during the first week of school. My savings was $100 dollars. However, the price for my textbooks amounted to $400 dollars.
Jaden started crying when his mom told him she wasn't going to do it. Jaden's mom felt guilty. Against her better judgement she volunteered to be room mom again.
It was roomy. She invited ten friends to camp with her. They all had a great time.
He messed up a few times. Nobody cared though. He made it in the band.
She ripped it open. It was a beautiful new sweater! Linda called him right away to thank him.
Her husband noticed and asked what had happened. She explained the story. He told her to be more careful.
It took the bird hours. Finally, she was done. She sat down in the nest to rest.
One day Adam's comedy begin to get stale. He made one bad movie after another. Adam just wasn't funny anymore.
Suddenly, she revealed that she had written him a song. She performed it for him as he listened happily. He thanked her for the song and they felt even closer.
I carefully packaged each one of them to be mailed. Then I walked with the packages down to the mailbox and put them in. The mail lady came and picked them up.
He would spend hours perfecting his act and routine. Every show the audience hooted and hollered. Phillip loved making the crowd laugh.
He watched all the trailers with deep anticipation. He went with a group of friends to see the movie. Unfortunately Jonathan was severely disappointed in the movie.
The loaves of bread, however, turned out amazing. And her family loved them. But everyone in her house became sick.
She went and got a hammer. Sandy eyed up her piggy bank and smash! The piggy bank exploded and all the money came out.
He tried to get inside but the door was locked. He then kicked it down inside he found his friend on the floor. He was able to get him out and Tom saved his friend's life.
He was a fast learner and could play any instrument they had. He became the next Beethoven and went on to write many composure. He was a genius composer and owed his success to his school of music.
All of a sudden Jeff's son JT falls off. Jeff cries out for help but it's not use. There's a big circle of blood where IT fell off.
Some of our friends were already up there. We all met at one of the cabins. It was a really fun time.
A girl in his class really liked him and invited him to sit with her. Glen was really shy and didn't want to do it. The girl took his hand at lunch and brought him to her table.
I slowly climbed the stairs to the top, and walked out onto the board. I jumped and did a terrifically painful belly flop. I learned that sometimes one should listen to his fears.
When she was seven, Judith and her family moved to Texas. In Texas, her new teachers though her accent was a speech impediment. They required Judith to take speech therapy.
Finally, she tried a bowl full of lemons. It was perfect! She loved the summery look it gave her dining room.
She tested many different models. She finally settled on a blue Toyota. Nancy happily drove her new car home.
She would keep them lit all day. She would only blow them out when she slept. The candles were comforting to her.
The doctor reassured her that she would be fine with rest and fluids. Feeling comforted, Jemma's mom took her home and put her to sleep. Jemma woke up acting like herself again.
His friend fell and sprained his wrist. Ron and his friends decided to stop playing tackle football. They started playing tag football instead.
They played hard. In the end they tied evenly! Grinning, they agreed to a rematch!
She was positive that she had done a poor job. Her paper was placed face down on her desk. She flipped it over and saw that she had gotten a great grade!
Tony had to throw away all the food that had gone bad. Tony called a repairman. The repairman fixed the freezer.
She had dreamed of being chased. Jenny tried to relax. After tossing and turning she finally managed to sleep peacefully.
I could not afford such an expensive poster. I got on the computer. I was able to design a great poster that I could print for my room.
They ran inside a shop to avoid getting wet. Ten minutes later the rain stopped and the sun came out. Jack and his family continued walking around seeing the animals.
She was determined to kiss Brendan, and would use mistletoe to do it. But when she lured him under it and kissed him, he pushed her down. Lina was heartbroken, and disliked mistletoe for the rest of her life.
He complained to me about his luck today, and I told him to not worry. He stopped worrying about his luck and felt a lot better. He recently noticed that he's also getting more lucky in his games.
Donald forgot to order it without pickles. Donald realized there were pickles on the burger. He picked off the pickles before eating.
The total price is forty two dollars. I couldn't figure out where to get the money. Then I remembered mturk, and now I'm writing short stories.
I went to the store in the morning to buy a new fan. It was winter so no stores sold fans. I borrowed a fan from my sister so that I could sleep.
Jolene confronted Raul about the costume. Raul started crying and admitted that he cheats in the costume. Jolene broke up with Raul.
The air wouldn't stay in the tire. Gabe put the spare tire on his car. He drove to a shop and got a new tire.
That all changed one day when he was set up on a blind date. The date was love at first sight and they both couldn't to leave. 9 months later there was a baby and they ended up happily together.
Trevor picked 11 because it was his lucky number. The shirts were numbered according to size from 1 to 20. Trevor was a tall lad and found the shirt too short on him.
His boots got dirty. He went home. His mom scolded him for getting his new boots dirty.
I remember the family walking with the casket. They were dressed in black. It was a sad day.
He fluffed them just right each night. He didn't like traveling because he couldn't bring his pillows. Nothing could keep Travis away from his pillows!
Kat's daughter brought her the kittens. Kat nursed the kittens to health. The kittens thrived with Kat.
The guru told him he needed to find his purpose. THe man focused on what he was passionate about. He decided he would make a career change.
After all, her parents had forgotten her birthday! But when she walked in, she got shocked. Her family all jumped out and yelled Surprise!
The game was very close and it came down to the last minute. Eric won by only two points. Now Eric is the best basketball player.
I had a great time. One time a boy named Desmond won the mile. He ran the whole thing in sandals.
They gobbled it up in a minute. She cut some more and put it on the plate. They were so hungry they knew they'd finish that, too!
With so much money available to him, he could do a lot of good. He helped many charities. And as he was smart, he invested his money so it'd last a long time.
Her parents hired a professional coach to assist with training. Lara coach taught her how to stay focused during major events. Lara went on to win an Olympic gold medal for ice skating.
She decided to use margarine instead. Then Margery realized something amusing. She was Margery making margarine.
She took him home and spoiled him. The dog now had toys and food and a nice bed. Kelly wanted to make his life special.
He began frantically searching throughout his bag for his homework. He then told the teacher that he lost his homework. The teacher was nice and told him to give it tomorrow.
They announced the photos would be up on Facebook. I did not see any photos all week. They said they had technical issues and would post photos soon.
All the sudden she found it. A nice woman found it for her. So Suzy treated her to lunch.
I told him how thankful I was. I said I hope he could keep giving me rides. He seemed to like it.
No one came close to his high level of astuteness. He became bored with the competition and sought for a challenge. In the end he was never beat and remained the school's smartest pupil.
After performing her piece, the audience applauded loudly. The judges appeared very impressed. She won first prize in the talent show.
Tim was frustrated. It was going to cost a fortune to fix! Tim wondered if homeownership was really that great.
Even with headlights, Marion could barely see. She drove extra carefully for the entire commute. Marion was relieved when she reached her destination.
They were contacted because Li could be put out on the streets soon. Apparently a seven year old girl is a waste of space in the orphanage. Don't worry Li, you're home now and you're wanted here!
Betty was very happy to see him and immediately ate her food. Woody then started to feed another chicken named Lorena. Then out of nowhere a snake struck at him!
They explored them until they stumbled on some cave drawings. These were incredible! They ran to tell a park ranger what they had found.
She complained to her mother about her problem. Her mother bought her fancy running shoes. Now the children laugh at her new shoes.
However, he immediately went to sleep as soon as he came home. The garbage truck passed the house without stopping  the next day. My mom woke Henry up and smacked him.
The politician made a tearful apology on live television. Arthur thought it was a sincere apology, but Diana felt it was fake. The couple ended up arguing whether or not the politician was genuine.
The couple went all around the park. The couple had a good time. The couple was going to go back to the park.
He cannot find his way back. Shawn panics and looks for his compass. He cannot find it and is lost.
Today she finished the last one. She doesn't have any more money to buy more books. She decides to start downloading them for free.
Jake was stunned! But he bit his lip to keep from crying. He knew the child was too young to be blamed.
He said that she kids should eat before the adults. Yet, they managed to finish all of the food. The adults didn't have the opportunity to eat.
She was very nervous because she couldn't get wet. She told me she waited as long as she could before asking for help. She finally asked me to drive her and I accepted.
She had not known she was allergic! She went to the urgent care clinic. There, they gave her a shot to help reduce the swelling.
Sometimes he never washed any of the clothing. Most of the time his room smelled awful. Murray started paying his little sister money to clean his room.
On the day of the shoot, they drove to a nice grassy field. The photographer spent the next hour shooting them in different poses. The photos ended up turning out fantastic.
He loved being of service but his friends often abused him. They called for simple matters they could have looked up themselves. Javier eventually only accepted to help when it was an emergency.
As a matter of fact, he couldn't play for quite a while. But as months passed he regained enough to play a game. When he won, Leo felt he had overcome a great challenge.
He invited Kathy to come to dinner with him. The staff and food were both wonderful. Bill had a great time.
It was twins! Sara was nervous and excited. She could hardly believe it!
They planning on visited several European countries. It was the trip of a lifetime! They gathered their things and headed towards the airport.
One day, she decided to sign up for one of the upcoming shows. She got chosen to participate. Jill was very proud to finally be a star in her own TV show.
She got a new locker and new books. She made new friends and met her new teacher. She was excited to go back to school!
He needed a lot of new clothes. Everytime I buy him clothes, he destroys them so quickly. I think I will just pick out some cheap ones.
I slowly made my way to the pit and ran around in it. After a few minutes, I got hit in the face and fell down. I ended up with a concussion and bloody nose.
On the day of the tournament the shout-casters were sick! The organizer was scrambling to find people so I offered to do it. He was very happy and I went on to cast the tournament!
It turns out someone's car brakes failed and they ran into her house! Luckily no one was hurt and they both had insurance. Jane got her house fixed and hoped it wouldn't happen again!
I just ran up to her. This was part of a game. It was like ultimate frisbee.
The league had its closing ceremonies. The league awarded the teams with medals and trophies. Chet's team got the biggest trophy in their age group.
Leah packed up all her clothes and things. She brought her things to Kim's house. Leah stayed at Kim's until she found an apartment.
This has been a very long summer. It has been hard trying to find things to do. It will be a nice break when she goes back.
He set up a car wash. All his friends came out to help him. He placed second in the pool tournament.
They owned posters from their favorite films. One day they decided to go to the local Godzilla festival. They were thrilled to get their posters signed by an original actor.
On the fifth mile, he got a huge blister. Jim hated his new shoes! He took them off and ran barefoot.
He held a rally for everyone. The man was running for sheriff. He was a police officer.
She looked at her dog and started laughing. She was wondering where he had been hiding them! From then on, she always knew where to look for his bones.
Ten people ended up coming. Together they had a huge variety of food! Anna's picnic party idea was a success.
Every week, she put two ice cubes on the soil. She said that was her trick for keeping it alive. Her fellow gardeners thanked her for the tips.
He tried to pin it to her dress and missed. She screamed and blood poured from her skin. Her night was ruined!
He went to the first practice. He was scared. He made a lot of friends at practice.
He wanted to do better. The year started off great. Johnny got an A in the class.
He looked under the furniture. He finally went into the basement. The ball was in the basement.
At night she secretly planted the bush. The thorns scratched her in the darkness. But her mother's happiness in the morning was worth the effort.
He was very proud of his facial hair. He took good care of it. Van decided he would continue to grow it out!
A competitor stole one of Mario's t shirt designs. Mario took his competitor to court, and won the lawsuit. With a settlement in his favor, he laughed all the way to the bank.
Last Sunday she was asked to fill in for a week. Miley gladly accepted the invite. She now sings with choir every week.
We hid in the dark from people with flashlights. We never got caught. I never saw her again.
After he joined his school's soccer team, he was afraid of messing up. During an important game, he failed to block the goal. Overridden with guilt, he decided to not play anymore team sports.
After numerous medicines and nerve blocks the doctors were worried. They believed it could spread further, they wanted to try and stop it. They performed a surgery where they placed a spinal cord stimulator.
After graduation, he plans to attend a driving school. While at driving school, he accidentally wrecks the test semi! Terry is not so sure that he wants to be a truck driver after all.
Will started to reel in his line. He suddenly felt a slight pop. The line had broken.
He missed by a foot! Jimmy focused and tried again. He hit the bullseye on the next try.
But he ignored them and kept drawing. And he eventually became a well known art teacher. Dave's patience paid off.
He wandered around, looking for the source of the smell. He found a gallon of sour milk on the table. Rich opened windows to dissipate the smell.
Last year I had trouble finding Charlie Brown. When I did find him near the dog's bed, he had a hole in his head. My boxer dog had bitten Charlie Brown's head to pieces.
They would sculpt bowls and vases. Then they would put them in the kiln. They loved showing off their projects.
One day, they bet to see who could get the best score. The mom won by 30 points! The family all laughed as she celebrated.
One day he decided to practice on his dad. His dad picked a randomly selected card from the deck. In moments, Oliver was able to correctly guess the card.
Jessie brought the shirt back to the store. The store allowed her to exchange the shirt. Jessie checked the shirt before leaving the store.
Jordan rehearsed hard for the show. The show was a success. A regional artist came into the area and Jordan opened for him.
John's girlfriend decided she would rather date Joe. Joe decided it would be okay to date John's girlfriend. John lost both his friend and his girlfriend that day.
Soon, she was down ten pounds. Nancy was determined to keep going. By the end of the year, she had lost another ten!
She even booked a DJ to play at the event. Kate order a lots of food and drinks for the party. Her brother was very happy with the surprise party.
A note was left from his brother, admitting that it was him. William was very upset, but was glad that his brother was honest. He accepted his brother's apology and decided to buy a new one.
She brought him to the pet store. He chose a chameleon. He named it Ziggy.
She told the parents to stop the child. But the parents got annoyed. As a result, Morgan had a terrible plane ride.
People voted for who they thought should win. Everyone voted for Alec. Alec won the battle.
Larson met with a real estate agent. They agreed on a price to sell the house. Larson and the real estate agent eventually sold the house.
The process went so quickly! Before I knew it I was seemingly already in the post-op recovery room. It's been 7 months and I keep melting away the fat!
He makes his favorite tea only on rainy days. He also spends time playing video games during rainy days. Lee often wishes it would rain every day.
The game lasted two hours. The winning team got taken out for dinner by the losing team. Everyone had a fun day.
So she made efforts to use less butter when she cooked. But she couldn't resist it. So she decided to eat just butter despite her weight.
Kenneth didn't know any of the restaurants in the town. He asked a local for advice on dining. Kenneth went to one of the restaurants the local recommended.
She called the police. They rushed over and arrested him. Melinda no longer felt safe.
It hurt so bad! He put aloe on it. He was afraid he would have a big scar.
Alex tried part of the appetizer. He really liked the appetizer. Alex bought one of the appetizers to take home for himself.
Her dad helped her clean it. Then Cay's mom fried it up for dinner. Cay was proud for feeding her family!
Rod saw a car leaving a parking spot near the building. Rod waited for the car to leave. He was able to take the car's parking spot.
The shelf was going to house all his book. He worked all day on it. When it was finished, Bob was eager to hang it up.
He discovered he couldn't afford what was left, which were pricier. To his surprise, his friend gave him two tickets for his birthday. Les went to the event with his friend, and had a great time.
They said that it didn't pay. But Rose persevered. And she got a scholarship for it.
She was so angry! She made them clean it up. It took them an hour to get it out!
It had a kitchen and separate bedrooms. The bus was a great way to travel. They spent months in it on tour.
None of them got scared because they were giggling too much. Then they went to sleep. They all had fun that night.
The athletes were all giving it their all. The Americans spiked the ball and it hit the ground. They had won!
The kids all ran around and played with nerf guns. They screamed and laughed and had a great time. Kevin asked if they could come over the next day as well.
It told her she would have lots of wealth in her life. Jane showed it to everyone and bragged about it. They told her that fortune cookies were dumb.
She can't wait to see her friends at school. It is hard to get to sleep the night before classes start. After a good breakfast, she was finally an official eighth grader.
It was jammed. Jim stuck his hand inside the machine. He heard a noise, and it chopped his hand clean off.
Then she bit down on something crunchy. She pulled the thing out of her mouth. She was eating a big cockroach.
The doctor diagnosed him with scoliosis. Kevin was given a brace to wear. It was uncomfortable, but would help him in the long run.
Jon's project was very popular and received many visitors. Jon answered many people's questions regarding his amazing project. Jon was very happy to win the blue ribbon for his science project!
Erma planned on becoming an Entomologist one day. She likes studying about the variety of bugs in the world. Erma would later grow up to be a famous Entomologist.
I was in a Wal-mart parking lot. My friend was with me. I had decided to play her a song.
He said the ATM was broken, as he could not get money. I said it was working for me. I helped him check his balance, which was in the negative.
Little did they know there were a lot of steps to be taken. Once everything was finalized they could buy a house. They were very happen when they signed the last paper.
The place came with a free breakfast so we checked it out. We ordered some french press coffee for breakfast. Oh my it was some of the best coffee I have ever had in my whole life.
She laughed and took pictures of him. Monkeys were her favorite animal! She was happy she had seen her favorite creature that day.
He searched and searched for the same wallpaper to replace it. He couldn't find a match, so he decided to change all the walls. Alex ended up liking what he found and was content.
Finn laughed and said that was never going to happen. Andy didn't mind. He knew one day he would prove his brother wrong.
Her jokes totally bombed, and she left the stage in tears. Greta decided to improve her stand up routine. After a year of doing stand up comedy, she won $50 in a local contest.
She called her neighbor Carmela to ask if she could borrow some eggs. Her Carmela brought two eggs over. When they were ready, Mary shared the muffins with Carmela.
The were all sad because they really wanted to go out. Frank put on a movie and ordered some pizza. Frank and his family still had fun that day.
He got the part. He was very excited. Bryan spent a lot of time practicing.
It was the size of a softball. We had been having some trouble with raccoons. It was a gift for the garden.
After a half an hour, the whole class became confused. Some students decided to leave early. Although I was lost, I tried to remain in class and ask questions.
Frank goes to the dealership. He picks out a red car. Frank is happy he bought a new car.
But when they got there it started to rain. They couldn't go on rides. Their trip was ruined.
At the first class, she instructed her students on abstract art. She slapped some paint randomly on a canvass and presented it. One of the students declared it looked more like an abstract fart.
When he returned he needed a job. He wore a tie for an interview as a janitor. My son wondered if he was a bit overdressed.
He was training for the race. Everyday mattered for the race. The athlete felt really prepared.
A lady rejected my offer. I told her I would pay for part of her car damage. I had caused a wreck.
She couldn't help herself. When she was done she was so full. She got sick because it was too much too fast.
Carl asked them to be more considerate, to no avail. He appealed to his landlady for some relief. Carl's landlady helped him move to a different unit in the building.
They play with stickers and dinosaurs. They giggle a lot. They have a lot of fun.
I was aware of the textbook, not the software. I had a lot of anxiety since I had no money. However, my mom allowed me to borrow money to buy the software.
As a result, she was charged with several late bill payments. Since she owed more money, she couldn't make the payments. However, her mom loaned her some money to help her out.
When their football teams met in the tournament, it was tense. Both sides yelled and cheered. The blue team ended up winning!
The short detour made her late even more. When she arrived, flowers in hands, her mom was gone. She had left her a card saying it was one time too late.
So he planned to bake the cake late at night. But he had trouble staying awake. When he woke up, he realized he never baked the cake.
Yancy gathered his fellow miners together. They started digging a hole. With Yancy's lead, they were free by the end of the day.
One day, the door closed behind her and she couldn't get out! Tiny Tammy meowed for hours, alone and afraid. Her owner heard her pleas for help and rescued the tiny little kitten.
He looked into the distance and saw a giant water park. Travis started running and then stopped. He realized he was chasing a mirage.
Jim walked behind him and quickly disarmed the man. The bank clerk was very thankful. Jim then drew his own weapon, and demanded money.
She studied for many hours. When she sat down to take the exam, her mind went blank. She failed the exam and the class.
Ken figured they were sharks and kept his distance. In the water, scuba divers swam around freely. They had put on fins on their heads to keep the surfers away.
The new owner was going to clean it up. It took her two days to get all the dust off of everything. When she was done, it looked great!
He woke up late the next day and didn't have time to eat. He raced to school and sat down nervously. All the studying paid off and John aced his test.
Marvin double checked the ticket before sending it out. The ticket indicated it was supposed to be a regular burger. Marvin put the cheeseburger aside and began making the correct order.
He studied every night. Eventually, his grades improved. Todd was really proud of himself!
They picked a comedy. It was so funny! They had a great night laughing together.
The dog was fun for awhile, then a chore. My parents were upset they were doing all the work. We all decided to find it a new home.
His cousins ran off and left him alone. Gabe was scared and crying when he finally got home. Gabe's cousins got in trouble for leaving him behind.
They all branched out and looked for her. They discovered some clues in the woods. They called the police right away.
There was a certain knock they used. That way we knew it was them. I used the same knock for them.
They were really cute! Nan was excited for the weather to improve so she could wear them. She had a great summer wardrobe!
He rode it dozens of times in one day. He would stand in line for a long time just to ride again. The slide was fast and fun!
It found a large tree, climbed it and got stuck! Mary Wikem found it and called the fire department for help. After a short while, the cat was rescued and brought back inside.
Tom challenged me to see who could jump the furthest. We both jumped at the same time and I landed on my side. When I got up my right arm was broken.
Mina decided to take a shortcut home. Mina got lost. She had to call her boyfriend to give her directions home.
An adviser wanted to meet with me. I had my payment worked out with someone. I had been behind on my payments.
He carefully sliced some cheese. He put them on a plate and served them. His guests were very impressed.
It was the last game of the season and the ball got passed to her. She took a shot and waited what seemed like forever. The ball went into the hoop and she jumped up and smiled.
Candy decided to buy a treadmill. Candy continued to walk when it was sunny. When it rained, she was able to use the treadmill.
He wrote down the license plate of the car. Then he took her to the hospital. Kia was grateful for the kind stranger's help.
No one agreed on what they would bring. Everyone showed up with a dessert! Travis laughed and started to eat a piece of pie.
As Jamie loaded her car her mother asked if she had seen their cat. Jamie told her she hadn't and drove off to her new apartment. While unpacking,Jamie found the family cat asleep in one of her boxes.
It represented all the places Dick wanted to travel one day. Every day Dick would research new countries and add them to his list. It wasn't long before Dick booked his first trip.
Ida grudgingly agreed. Soon she realized she loved the little fur ball! Ida had fallen in love with cats!
Roy decided to get extra practice to prepare for the state finals. He ran an extra hour everyday. Thanks to his practice Roy got 1st place in the state finals.
At first she struggled to pronounce the strange words. But soon she was learning rapidly. Ona's teacher even said she was the best in the class!
Inside, they told me that I did not need to bring the permit in. They renewed my license and gave me a brand new parking permit. But when I got back to my car, I had received a parking ticket.
He was hired very fast by a farmer for his special skill. The farmer asked him to give classes for those who feared horses. Timothy did it and became very famous doing so.
Bill took it seriously and started selling food in his front yard. He made burgers, fries, potatoes, and pizza. And over time, Bill's food became very popular.
They'd been posting there for years. It was a great place to make friends. They valued their online friendships a lot.
The party was out of control. Ellen was panicked. She told them all to leave immediately.
But she lifted her foot anyway. Then she put it down! Baby Charlotte had taken her first step!
She built a nest and laid some eggs. Aly liked to watch the bird fly in and out. It was a beautiful creature!
He looked at his arm and saw there were bees on it. He had accidentally disturbed their nest. He ran off as quickly as he could before he was swarmed.
She added it to the brownies and baked them. The house began to smell like cinnamon bread. She had invented a new dessert, cinnamon brownies!
But when he arrived there, there was an accident. The whole highway was stuck in traffic. Greg wasn't happy and he planned for a new escapade while waiting.
However, he had never cooked before. Still he tried to make something. And he burned all the food.
I convinced her to try volunteering with an animal rescue shelter. She found a sweet cat companion and met some kind, like minded people. Best of all was learning she could still make a positive difference.
We had to take the long way. Wildfires had closed the road for the short way. The smoke in the air made it hard to breathe.
When she woke up, however, it was already the next morning. And she only finished half of her homework on the bus. Ellen decided not to be so careless about breaks.
At the age of 15 she won her first contest as a teen beauty singer. She grew up to perform and become a beauty queen 55 times. At the age of 55 she was still considered a beauty queen and a legend.
They had their bags ready to collect candy. When the floats drove by, they scrambled to get everything they threw. They soon had full bags!
The doctor told Grandma that she didn't see well enough to drive. Grandma was upset, and didn't know how she was going to get around. Her daughter said that she could take her wherever she needed to go.
After Jeffrey ate a sandwich, he said it tasted bad. His mom said that she forgot to put cheese on the sandwich. Jeffrey had to make a new sandwich with cheese on it.
She made a bucket list of all the tourist stops in New York. Mary later lost the bucket list. She had to start a new one three days before her trip.
They would meow all day and night. Julie couldn't take it anymore! She started shooing them away when they would meow at her.
His ball had fallen down the stairs. He did not go down in the basement. He made his dad get the ball.
John had severely injured a passenger. The passenger would die in the hospital. John was arrested for a dui homicide.
She carefully planned it out. Then she bought all the items. She couldn't wait to get cooking!
Zelda snuck up and jumped on its back. The horse reared up and started galloping. Zelda hung on for dear life, enjoying the ride.
However, he never tried seeking tutoring or help. He also continued his ordinary study habits. He ended up failing the next two exams and eventually the class.
Then, I threw out old things. Finally, I polished some shiny surfaces. It made me more relaxed to know that my area was now clean.
She decided on the person that always picks up shifts. Crosby wasn't happy that she didn't get the raise. She wasn't sure if she wanted to continue working there so she quit.
Lindsay brought a new red dress with the money her mother gave her. Lindsay's mother asked her where she got the new red dress. Lindsay felt guilty about lying to her mother.
At first she disliked the long hours. But as she got used to it, she started to like it. Soon Anna was enjoying herself at work!
Her insurance company paid for her to have a rental car. Jennifer got a much newer, nicer rental than her own car. She was very disappointed when she had to return it.
He said the owner hired a friend and paid him more. His mother said that was the way of the world. He hung up in disgust.
They watched it every night. The ratings were huge. The network ordered another season.
She paused her work and looked around. Slowly, Cassandra took an orange and put it in her pocket. The supervisor suddenly hollered her name.
Yesterday I went outside to read and saw them. They invited me over to their apartment for coffee. I said I was pleased to see them again.
One day she tripped over a pair of her brothers sneakers. This sent her tumbling down the staircase. Juliette learned to never wander around the house at night.
She wheeled around the store and gathered her items. She checked out and started to leave. Her scooter died in the parking lot!
At the qualification meet, Sarah fell off the uneven bars. Her wrist was badly sprained and she did not make the team. Though disappointed, Sarah was determined and eventually made the team.
The smell in the class was horrible. The students had to leave the class and go into the gym. The school began trying to find out who caused the problem.
The teacher was mean. Sheila failed the in class drivers test. Shelia got her license the following summer instead.
Then she went to a support group and tried hypnosis without success. Discouraged, she talked to her doctor who prescribed Chantix. With medication to control the cravings, Mary finally quit smoking.
Tara gave a customer's order to the wrong person. The person left with the order. Tara had to make the customer a new order.
Ted filled out an application. He listed his brother as a reference. Ted got a call for an interview.
They cuddled while watching fireworks. They went on a few dates. But they broke up after the summer.
She got a white dress and a pearl bracelet. She went and had her hair styled with the bride. Rick thought she was the most beautiful girl in the wedding.
He heard sirens behind him. Ron was pulled over. The cop wrote Ron a huge ticket!
Mr Ever got frustrated. He jokingly threw down the piece he was holding. However they ended up finishing it.
He put lots of flowers in it and watered them daily. Soon, it was a beautiful display! The planter was a great addition.
He planned to wear them for luck on the first day of high school. But when he tried them on he got a shock. Jo had outgrown his lucky shoes - they didn't fit!
She was shocked when LuLu dropped a tiny kitten onto the floor. LuLu proceeded to treat the kitten like it was her puppy. The family ended up adopting the kitten, naming him Fido.
He didn't like exercising or eating healthy. So he chose to find new friends like him. Now he's a lot happier with people who don't tell him what to do.
So before bed, she braided her hair. In the morning she undid the braids. As she'd hoped, she now had soft, flowing waves!
She tried very hard to convince her father to change his ways. For a very long time he would not. He'd changed his mind when Alice gave birth to his mixed grandchild.
Kathy got an estimate to fix her roof. The estimates were more than Kathy could afford. Kathy's brother offered to fix the roof.
The cycle repeated, so I waited up at night to catch my plant thief. I looked out one night into the faces of a herd of six deer. I moved the Hostas behind a fence and built a deer trough instead.
Taking a side street, he crossed through a park he had never been to. Jogging through the park and taking it in, he tripped on old pavement. Falling to his hands and knees, he scratched up his legs badly.
I went to the store and saw 15 different kinds of pink. I was sweating because I didn't know what to get. I quickly grabbed all of them so that I wouldn't be wrong.
He got very drunk. Maria, his friend, saw this behavior. And she drove him home to help him.
Like most teens, Tie Dye is quite the challenge to lead. His home life is unstable and his temperament always reflects that. He's a great guy but he needs to grow up quickly.
The next day the principal called Josh into the office. Josh's teacher had reported he was gone for a long time. Josh admitted to doing the drawings.
Inside, she found the most perfect set of china. Her mother in law had given her the great gift. Judy thanked her for being so considerate.
Her parents insisted there is no need to be afraid. Elena older brother taught her how to overcome her fear. She learned to count backwards really fast to fight her fear.
The outdoor fitness store had the perfect pair of pants. She purchased them on her way to the campground. When she got there she realized she bought the wrong size.
He couldn't wait to invite his friends over. He would grill for them and show them around. He called them to come over as soon as they could.
The first couple of of days he did not find anything. One day went he went to the beach and his detector went crazy. When dug into the ground he found a gold ring!
As he walked closer he noticed that it was a badly decayed body. Chris grabbed his cellphone and called the police. That was the last time Chris went hunting there.
But he was only 3 years old. The teachers talked to him. They thought he was not ready due to his age.
She packed all her warm weather clothes and left her umbrella behind. When Jean got to the river, the bottom fell out and it poured. Jean was soaked and vowed to always stayed prepared.
The class made him work hard. The labs were difficult to do. Brandon got an A after all his work.
When he dropped the fries the grease flew in the air. Drops of grease flew onto Dane's arm. Dane burned his arm with the grease.
Most of his snapchats are of him walking around the city. Last night he snapchatted photos of his bare feet. I stopped following Joe on Snapchat.
Elizabeth was terrified at first, but managed to say hello. She then had a conversation with the person she just met. Elizabeth made a new friend that day.
It was difficult and Lily felt her breathing get heavy. Despite being tired, she persevered. Lily felt very accomplished when she reached the top.
He saw a flyer for a new organic produce market in his neighborhood. He decided to start buying his groceries there. That was three weeks ago, and he's already lost three pounds.
The mother was still angry and told him to go away. Sadly, Sam went home and told his mother the situation. She comforted him.
She was very upset that she couldn't order her food. I offered to pay and she insisted that she pay me back. I bought her food and she paid me back next week.
He saw a small town in the distance. He plotted a course for that town. He got food and water in the town.
He decided to go to see it the night before the demo. He enjoyed a meal and even took some souvenirs. The next morning, he watched the demolition sadly.
It warmed her up. She started feeling a little better. She got the strength to get out of bed.
Jennifer found a detox diet online and started. She detoxed and purged her system for two weeks. Afterwards Jennifer felt much better.
She tried and tried to get people to love her. But despite her best intentions she never attracted anyone to her. She decided to get a dog instead and the dog loved her instantly.
Her husband played video games and watched TV all the time. Unfortunately her son was just like his father. She was disappointed her son wasn't more like her.
She used a high pressure water pik to clean my teeth. Luckily, I had no cavities or gum disease. I left for home pleased.
When she went to class the next day, she felt ready. She turned in her test in record time. When the grades were posted, she made a perfect score.
My Amazon app said the book was worth $5. I was going to post it when I saw it was damaged. I returned the book.
He quickly changed into his work clothes and ran out the door. He drove very fast to make up for lost time. When he arrived, he realized it was the weekend and didn't have work!
She loved relaxing under the sun. The towel was warm and soft against her skin. Kate could lay on that towel forever.
Mary bought the size of shoes she thought would fit. The shoes didn't fit her daughter. Mary had to return her shoes to the store.
When they got to the monkey exhibit it was closed. Tim was sad so Tim's dad bought him some cotton candy. The cotton candy was good and Tim forgot all about the monkeys.
He loaded it up with bobbers and lures. He set out to catch some fish. He loved having everything organized in his new tackle box.
Since he was adjusting his music, he didn't notice her. Ben ran as quickly as he ran. He pulled the lady out of the road before she got hit.
To improve his chance of joining the team he began to bulk up. Jamie spent time lifting weights and eating healthy. Jamies hard work paid off he was able to join the team.
Then she put some pins on the wrapping paper. Then she put them in bags. Her friends loved them!
Peter walked back to look at the room. He stepped back into one of the walls he had painted. Peter got paint all over the back of his shirt.
The picture was of a tropical island. When she turned it over, the back was a ticket to see Taylor Swift. She went to the concert and had a fantastic time.
One week there was a traffic jam and she knew she wouldn't make it. By the time Sarah got there class was almost over. She and her parents learned their lesson to leave earlier for ballet.
She was procrastinating when a friend showed up at her door. They spend the whole afternoon together having fun. When her friend left, Irene was energized and cleaned her apartment.
She was sad when she met the people that lived there. She wanted them all to find homes. She worked hard to help hem succeed.
I tried to eat it today. It had started to taste sour. I had to throw the package away.
He had never seen the little yellow bird before. He went to the store and got finch food. Now, the finch stops everyday and eats out of the feeder.
They all took off running when the gun sounded. They raced around the track. It was a photo finish!
I had no idea what to do. It was a little scary. Thank god it never hit the ground.
He bought all the sweet treats he loved. He took them back to his hotel and ate them all. Will had a great trip!
She went on it seven times in a row. Her legs were so tired she couldn't climb the ladder again! Grace asked her mom to carry her home.
She applied antibiotic cream to it. Then she covered it for a few days. Soon Nia's burn looked much better!
John accidentally left his pages behind while visiting a friend. John got a call from his friend's uncle, a big time book editor. The uncle told John he read his novel and wanted to publish it!
Tired of the taunts, Wilberforce decided to shorten his name. He now participated in the rodeo as Wilber. The other cowboys quit making fun of him.
It was a beautiful leather couch. She couldn't wait to put it in her living room! She had saved for months for this amazing couch.
I could not cut cable, or make any minor repairs. I could tell people thought I was ineffective and unhelpful. When I found my Leatherman I almost cried tears of joy.
The stars and moon shined bright in the night summer sky. Jason and Suzy's hands intertwined as Jason leaned in for a kiss. As Jason and Suzy kissed it was as if the whole world stopped.
While on the street a car hits her. She goes flying through the air. Megan is taken to the hospital for her injuries.
Finally she gave up and called a cab. The cab came and took her to work, but then she looked in her purse. Her keys were in her purse the whole time!
I saw 50 Shades of Grey on her kitchen table and joked about it. She said her mother in law had just read it. We laughed about my in-law.
Keith stopped the player from getting a touchdown! Keith's team cheered and celebrated. It was such an exciting game!
All I have to do is comment on twenty posts within a Facebook page. It's a page that posts coupons and other deals online for free. In return, they send me a $50 e-gift card every Friday!
They'd bought a dozen bottles of glue for the project. Ten of the bottles leaked all over the car. The kids were in big trouble!
Slighted, I turned the music up louder. They called the police. After a hefty fine, I never played loud music again.
Today Mischa and his wife came out of a cab. He shook my hand and smiled. He said someone in Russia told him to shake hands in the USA.
She was starting to warm up. She decided that she needed even more. Cindy could never truly be warm!
He has been with me since he was born. I am only starting with half a day. I hope he adjusts well.
Talk of the town was that she practiced witchcraft and was evil. No one knew the real Lisa, a kindred kind spirit that loved everyone. She was misjudged because of her appearance and it happens too much.
But their dog was just as in love, and expressed this with chewing. Lenny was extremely dismayed - his gift was ruined! But Monica didn't mind, because this would mean even newer shoes!
Swarthanger screamed and told him not to jump. He said he would buy him an ice cream cone if he didn't. The man insisted it be Rocky Road, and ran down to get the ice cream.
Last week she wanted to be a teacher. This week she's focused on all things dance related. Lulu eventually settles on becoming a lawyer.
There was so much information presented. I took a lot of notes. I am sure I will not remember it all.
Quinn wanted to invite both her best friends. But she could only pick one. Quinn decided to just give both tickets to her friends.
The book pulled in Sue so much he stopped paying attention to walking. Eventually she stopped walking and read while standing still. Once she finished the chapter, Sue was freed from the book's spell.
He went to play in the dirty playground. There was a lot of mud. So at the end of the day, he got mud all over his uniform.
They threw bread crumbs to the ducks. The ducks gobbled the crumbs up. The kids ran home to get more for them.
Eddie thought this was a blessing in disguise. Eddie found an attractive Mexican women. The two ran off together and he forgot about his whale of a wife.
Connor was brought into the principal's office. His parents were called to a meeting at school. Connor's parents punished him for the fight.
One night, he decided to loiter in the hotel lobby. He met a friend there named Scarlet. Bill and Scarlet stayed up the whole night talking.
He decided to donate the rest to homeless people. Several people living on the streets saw him catch their attention. He gave $10 dollars to each person.
So Max decided to get a job as a paperboy. He saved all of his money that he earned daily. Eventually Max was able to purchase the bike for himself.
A tire blew out which made me swerve all over the road. Changing the tire took much longer than I expected it would. I finally arrived at work an hour late for my shift.
Our first night, my son got sick and threw up. I stayed in the hotel room with him. Luckily he got better the next day and had a great time.
He took out his water bottle. It was empty. The man had to keep walking to find water.
She found a recipe online that used spaghetti squash instead. Bella luckily had a spaghetti squash on hand. She was surprised to find the spaghetti and meatballs delicious!
Dan's friends told him this was a terrible idea. After two weeks, And had only sold three mustache combs. Dan decided to listen to his friends in the future.
He practiced especially hard on his jump shot. Johnny went to try-outs. He made the team!
After my cousin blew the candles out, he pressed on the cake. His hands were filled with cake pieces. Before he got a chance to eat, I had to clean him up.
They tried to decide who deserved the bike more. At first they bickered. Then they agreed to share the bike evenly!
So he tried to eat healthier food and exercise. And eventually, he lost 20 pounds. During graduation, everyone was impressed by Ray.
She immediately took the jewelry to a professional. Luckily, they were able to fix the discoloration. Soon, Amanda's ring was back to perfect condition quickly.
She tried different scenarios on test audiences with no luck. One night she saw her aunt Gangie in the midst of a chemical peel. Her new horror movie about a deranged aesthetician was a huge hit.
There was a barricade blocking the entrance, but he drove around it. Art almost made it to the runway, when a security guard stopped him. After being warned about trespassing, Art apologized and drove home.
One day, he was walking along the beach and noticed seashells. He gathered as many of them as he could and painted them. And every weekend, he sold the seashells that he painted.
The woman then died. After watching the movie, I went to an Indian store. I bought a Ladoo and ate it.
She followed the plans exactly. The lady felt better when she had a clear path to follow. She was determined to check off each item.
Her dad cut out a round seat with a hole in the middle. They ordered a twenty five foot rope online. Now she swings so high it feels like flying.
He gets pushed down. He gets kicked and punched. Stanley is beaten up by his bully.
Her blog received a paltry trickle of visitors. More upsetting was the fact that it garnered no comments. Sarah later found success blogging about celebrity dresses.
By August we had visited 44 houses. We found the perfect house just three miles away. We moved in and have loved every day here.
Her parents were getting her a surprise. They took her into the garage. It was a brand new bicycle.
Yesterday she hit another child. The child was drinking from other kids' cups. My daughter was not amused while we laughed.
Eric was surprised to see a carnival was in the mall. He played lots of games and won a few prizes. Eric went home and was very happy.
James would drive recklessly on the freeway, speeding. It wasn't long before James got into a nasty car accident. His car was totaled.
Ben was furious since the breakup was over the phone. He sent embarrassing photos of her to everyone in their school. Everyone contacted Hannah to ridicule her.
Her parents said they should break up. Meagan started dating a boy named Zach a year ago. She was lonely before that.
She ended up asking me out. We spent an awful evening together. We were polite but distant at work from then on.
She dreamed of becoming a firefighter herself. As soon as she could, she joined the volunteer fire department. Today she is a firefighter and paramedic in a big city.
Unfortunately, it failed and she continued having a very bad game. She decided to give the last few minutes her best try. She did get one goal, and she ended the game feeling proud of herself.
He got some people together. He started meeting in a middle school auditorium. He got up to a few hundred members.
When her father died, Lisa inherited a large amount of money. Lisa went back to school to study architecture. Lisa found fulfillment and less stress with her new career.
ITunes wouldn't let me transfer my music. I had to reformat all of my music to get it to work anywhere else. Even after I did that, nearly a quarter of my music was missing.
Lauren decides she has saved up enough money. She has a friend who is selling their newer car. Lauren buys the new car and never looks back.
We discounted this as that is what she always says. Then a friend claimed she had a dream about this. We laughed at all the psychics in the family.
They had to clean the bedroom extensively. The delivery men had to wade through a cluttered hallway. Now my brother and his wife can begin hoarding again.
Gerry chose a different story. His son fell asleep. It did its job.
The farm children loved the scared little piggy, he was like a pet. One day the children ran to the pen to see their new friend. They were heartbroken when dad told them the piggy was breakfast.
He smiled and looked out at the ocean while holding the hot dog. A seagull swooped down and took the hot dog right from the boy's hand. The boy sat down and sobbed while staring at his empty hotdog bun.
He wanted to see her at work one last time. He stayed for awhile, and chatted with the crew. My wife was pleased.
But Donald cheated and deceived every one of his customers. When Donald was convicted of fraud, his customers still supported him. Donald even continued to sell to his customers from his jail cell.
The model railroads were very intricate systems. The men had great plans for the future. They wanted to expand the railroad across the whole yard.
After I tried to moved it away, I started to cough. The coughing continued until the end of the night. I had to take pills in order to heal the coughing.
She was afraid she would lose. She went on the field. Ultimately she lost but she would try again next time.
She went on all the rides. All the sudden she felt sick. She felt so embarrassed that she threw up in front of everyone.
She still decided to go see a movie that would end after 11pm. When she got home her parents were awake to yell at her. She was grounded from her phone for a week, she won't miss it again.
I never think about it when I am out. I am going to print a few tomorrow. I hope I remember.
Once at the front of the line, she ordered an Acai bowl. It had been awhile since she'd eaten one. Mowgli sat outside and enjoyed her sweet treat.
He spent all summer lifting weight and doing sprints. He gained ten pounds of muscle and became very fast. He ended up making the team and becoming the star player.
We bought the lamp. She let me get the shoes too. The lamp was cheaper than she thought it would be.
He could eat it every day! It was healthy and delicious. He told all his friends about the great new food he'd discovered.
He didn't think boys should have long hair. So on afternoon his dad took him to the barber. That day Jimmy got a haircut whether he liked it or not.
Larry decided to sell his bat. He sold his bat to a friend still on the team. Larry used his money to buy a video game.
Everyday the kids cried for the death of their dog. One day Mary came home with a puppy as a gift for her children. The kids were no longer crying tears of sadness, but tears of joy.
Harold couldn't wait to put them on his new bookshelf. His books were very special to him. When he got there, they were the first thing he unpacked.
We had dinner at an Italian restaurant and played volleyball. I tried to hug her before leaving. However, she swayed away and told me that she was taken.
Instead of slowing down, the car accelerated. Terry turned left to avoid being hit. He landed in several rocks and injured himself.
Yesterday, my wife's supervisor Cate started a three day vacation. She left the president several notes and told him in person. That day, the president asked my wife if Cate was in.
I said I would only eat it for a special occasion. Time went on and my friends eagerly waited. Little did they know, I had eaten the popcorn long ago.
I took the Amtrak train to Maine. We had lunch at a local bar in Portland. I took the afternoon train home.
She started a band with a boy named Clay. They recorded a song. Now the song's on the radio!
Edward began running 5 miles a day every day. Edward was able to lose a lot of weight. Edward was able to become the star of the soccer team.
It was halftime and they were losing. John gave a great speech to motivate his team. They turned it around in the second half and won the game.
But then she saw what drudgery acting really was. The rehearsals and constant practice tired her out. Judy decided acting really wasn't for her, after all.
Kay didn't pick up the dog's mess. An officer on patrol gave Kay a warning. Kay picked up the dog's mess.
One afternoon, Brownie got spooked and threw Kelly to the ground. Kelly suffered a broken arm, but knew it could have been a lot worse. Recovery took months, but afterwards she got right back on her horse.
James no longer had control of his plane. The plane crashed into a tree. James walked over to the tree to salvage the parts of his plane.
Katelan walked over to her desk. Her desk was covered in apples from students. This made Katelan less nervous to teach.
She did her state required shadowing. She did her student teaching. Finally, the state gave Lisa her teaching certificate!
She looked it up and hated the thought! But she knew there was no backing out of it. Anna nerved herself up and then dumped ice water on herself!
When he drank he got mean. Amber felt she needed the gun for protection. However, her husband stop drinking and she never bought the gun.
John worked as many hours as he could. John saved up almost eight thousand dollars over three months. John got his new car prior to starting college that Fall!
He worked tirelessly to translate the ancient writing. When Daniel turned the stone ring right side up he found a treasure. Daniel sold his treasure and lived a very rich life.
So she stayed up. Her mom told her to go to bed. But she refused so she had to give up a toy.
Mr Jones strikes up a conversation. He said she was beautiful. I asked her out and she said yes.
Jackson went to his first class at the new dojo. Jackson learned how to kick and block. He was excited to finish his first karate class.
One day as she was demonstrating she fell flat on her butt. She was so embarrassed that she ran away crying. That mistake made her learn everyone falls, even in the spotlight.
She also visited her grandma to practice with her. When she was fluent, she took a trip to Mexico. And she visited the place where her ancestors had come from.
Carol wanted to see a scary movie. Abby wanted to watch something funny. Both couldn't agree on a movie so they went shopping.
She laughed so hard, she spilled milk. It went all over her dress, She then had to clean it up.
They couldn't decided on which outdoor activity. They decided a coin toss would help them choose. Jill won the coin toss.
Then, my manager stood up like she was going to give a small speech. She said lots of glowing things, except she got my name wrong. I've been working at that place for two years now.
Several coconuts fell after he chopped off a branch. My mom helped him open a few to drink. However, the coconuts were dry and contained no fluid.
He hadn't won yet and this year the odds were less favorable. Todd didn't buy a ticket on Friday. The next morning he learned that the numbers he would have played won.
But erosion made it go away. Now water goes up to the rocks. It is still a nice place to relax.
He headed towards the nearest water fountain. But the water tasted odd and barely helped his thirst. When he got home, he felt very weak and sick.
She decided to give it a try. She walked slowly to the edge. THen she plunged right in!
The sunshine made him want to exercise. He put on his shoes and ate a quick breakfast. Then he went to the park and had a great day!
She loved to stomp in the leaves. She also loved cozy nights and cool days. Pearl couldn't wait for October!
They were expected to win by a lot. The athletes were all very disappointed. They vowed to win next year.
She stopped in a restroom in the store she was at. The restroom was very dirty. Darcy decided to use the restroom at the next place she went to.
He decided to eat at a diner before the movies. Rob was full when he got to the movies. All he had to pay for was his ticket.
The librarian directed Merdis to the city's Election Board. They explained in detail to Merdis what her options were. Merdis decided to vote herself in as a candidate in the upcoming race.
It was a trilobite fossil! Kaya knew how rare and precious they were. She resolved to keep the fossil forever!
She thought the skeletons were cool. Mr Zacker liked the caveman display. Everyone had fun.
I started to get ready and before I knew it, it was time to go. My mother said, you're not finished with your choirs. I never went, being so excited to get ready, I didn't finish my chores.
She also tried to talk to the apartment manager without success. As there wasn't much she could do, she stopped struggling. A month later, the neighbors moved and she was relieved.
He couldn't figure out the problem on the blue car he worked on. He called his friend and they worked all night on it. The next day Fred was zooming across town in his new working car.
When the line started moving, she run into the store. She grabbed a copy of her movie before anyone else. But when it was time to pay, she was last and waited a long time.
A guy named John offered for Brad to sit next to him. By the end of the evening Brad was feeling happy and comfortable. He can't wait until next week!
As depressed as Ben was, he had to make some tough decisions. He decided to undergo more chemotherapy with radiation. After 1-2 years, he regained remission.
They looked through pages of horror movies and shows. They had finally decided to watch Stranger Things together. They loved the show so much that they binged watched the entire season.
Rudy went into the woods and collected sticks and branches. At home, he crumpled up newspaper in the fireplace. He lay the kindling on the newspaper and lit the fire.
The man asked him all about what was taken. He told Shawn they would try to get an arrest. The investigator got to work immediately.
I called the cops and let them know what happened. Turns out it was my boyfriend's brother's girlfriend who did it. Now everyone I know is mad at me for getting her into trouble.
He never paid his rent. So his roommate got fed up. And kicked him out of the house.
He called his boss to apologize. The boss hadn't realized he wasn't at work. The boss thanked him and promptly fired him.
She started as a white belt, the lowest level. But soon she advanced rapidly. Soon Aya was a black belt, and a skilled combatant!
The citizens fled the area. They all took cover in their homes. It had been a very scary day for them.
His car was so smashed it shut down. The tow truck had to take Jake's car to the junkyard. His car was totaled.
The screen went blank. They decided to buy a new one. They went to Best Buy immediately to replace it.
His party was not ruined, however. Ethan had had the foresight to rent a tent. Everyone just partied under the canopy!
This time I had to write down the package measurements. I had to find a ruler. I hope this is not a new procedure.
They pulled out a photo album to show us some of their family. I stupidly commented on the weight of one of the women. It was the woman who was showing us the picture before her surgery.
Anthony found her very pretty, and liked her body. Anthony turned around and a man looked very upset. The woman's husband had seen Anthony checking out his wife.
The exhibit was about to close! Her and her parents ran across the zoo in a hurry. Luckily, they made it to them in time.
Soon she had become very sick. She didn't want to go home, but the counselors made her. Luckily she felt much healthier once she got some rest at home.
She found some bugs and flowers to take pictures of. She also found a cute field mouse. She had a fun time.
Another car pulled into the parking lot. Cal felt guilty. He moved the cart out of the way so the car could park.
Every day, they worked in the garden. They tilled and planted and weeded. Then they picked the produce they grew!
I turned on the light and saw an opossum in my laundry basket. I panicked and grabbed a squirt gun. I chased him out the door by spraying him with water.
He sauteed them and added butter. He mixed it in with pasta. The diners raved about the shrimp!
The friends all brought bottles of wine. They all ate and drank into the night. It was a great time!
He is not popular, as he is arrogant. He had been away, but returned yesterday. I saw him talking to the concierge, who was not happy.
She'd stay in contemplation for hours at a time. Until one day she felt the presence of her mother by her side. She smiled and thanked God for making her wish come true.
Boris complained to the landlord, who did nothing. Boris decided to move out, even though he had to break his lease. He lost his deposit money, but he was happy to be free of cockroaches.
He told the student no running in the hall. The student laughed and threw Mr Sweeney in a locker. Mr Sweeney started crying at how mean students were.
I asked her why she loved the rain oh so much. She looked at me and smiled, as though she were looking inside of me. She told me that she loved it so much because we met on a rainy day.
Charles estimated the cost to cover his walls with the paneling. He decided it would be much cheaper just to paint instead. Charles painted his living room instead.
She ate her sandwich and fruit quickly. She ate a brownie for dessert. Theresa was feeling better after eating.
He spent every day fishing. He would get paid when he caught a few tons of fish. Greg was happy to be making money doing what he loved.
He charged sixty cents a pop. He made ten dollars that day. He was very happy with that amount.
Vince was sure no one had blue eyes in his family and so was Rose. His mom called him and told him to check the email she had sent. Inside were pictures of his great grandpa and his eyes were blue!
She agonized over her choice, but nothing stood out. Suddenly, she noticed a sparkly blue card tucked in a corner. She had found the perfect card for her sister!
She was going to snapchat a video of her cat snoring. The cat woke up before she could record her. My niece was disappointed.
She bought ten of them. She set the table with them that night. They looked great!
This irritated Tina. So she decided to confront her about it. The woman got mad but did apologize.
Ted ranted to the guys in the bar and found someone interested. Ted and his lady friend went to a dance club. Robin went to apologize to Ted and kicked in the girl's face.
The vet suggested that the dog stay overnight. Colton followed the vet's suggestions. The vet nursed the dog back to health.
It was raining so heavy. The winds were so strong. I was happy to make it home.
Alvin pulled over and fixed the man's car in less than an hour. The stranger told Alvin he was the first person to stop and help. He wrote Alvin a check for five hundred dollar.
Lydia examined it and it contained pornography. She started watching the videos. Lydia didn't mind that her computer caught a virus.
The family wanted to teach her about American life. They took her to movies and sporting events and community events. The student learned so much!
After a week her foot was still not better. She went to the hospital and got an MRI. She was told she had a simple fracture.
One day, she forgot to pay for a cucumber in her bag. And she thought how bad her behavior was becoming. She went back in the store and paid for it.
He said during the night, I tried to put a pacifier in his mouth. I don't remember that at all. He thinks it's absolutely hysterical.
She didn't know if she would make friends. When she saw another girl she said hello. The girl said hello back and Allie made a new friend.
Today he was not able to walk his dog before going into work. Once he returned he found his dog had made a mess in the living room. Jason resolved to walk his dog everyday from then on.
The truck got stuck. Greg couldn't get it out himself. Greg got it out with his friend'.
Fortunately he only got a bruise. He got right back up again. He and his friends had a fun day.
Now he can urinate 30% of the time. Yesterday, the hospital removed his tube. They are hoping he has regained full functionality.
The park had to close down. The park gave her credit for the next day. Kelly returned to the park the next day.
The kids loved seeing the elephants the most. At the end of the day, they were exhausted. It'd been a great trip to the zoo!
As he was driving home, he change his mind. He drove back to the store to retrieve them. It was too late, a child had already bought them.
His brother-in-law has polio and needs crutches. When he was released he was groggy and slow. It took an hour to get him up the stairs.
He would find it all fascinating and was eager to learn more. When Crom was older he became a scientist. He dedicated his life work to saving and studying insect life.
She called him on his cell phone. Her boyfriend didn't answer right away. Maya got upset at her boyfriend.
He bought his ticket and took a seat. As the plane began to move, Parker took a few sleeping pills. He woke up in time to see the sun rise over the Tokyo skyline.
At each stop Dawn attended activities that she had paid for. During one particular stop she got to swim with dolphins. It became one of the most memorable moments of her life.
Years later, Wes was curious as to what mister Haynes was doing. Wes learned from the internet that he was now a superintendent. Wes was happy that mister Haynes had had a successful career.
It was so chilly that she absolutely couldn't sleep. She went to her closet and retrieved dozens of heavy blankets. Luckily they warmed her up perfectly to catch some sleep.
When his mother dropped him off, Patrick frowned. His aunt met him at the door and told him she had a surprise. There was a new gaming system with games set up for him to play.
I walked all the way to the long path. It took me a mile. Then I realized a shorter way was there and I felt rather stupid.
She made a big, beautiful tapestry. She gave it to her mother. She loved it!
Spending the last three months sending out resumes, this was it. Boarding the train, he noticed something strange about the inside. He had hopped on the wrong color train, and would be late.
So Rich was shocked the first time he caught her sneaking out. At first he despaired, worrying he might lose control of her behavior. But after a grounding and fatherly talk, Mellie got back on track.
Suddenly he dropped the pizza. He was trying to pick up the mess when he realized he was late. He missed his flight and had to wait for a new one.
I thought I was going to have a draw. But I found that if I moved my king one way I could force a victory. I did so, and Joe resigned.
She climbed on it and settled in. The horse was great on the trail. Rachel had a great time!
Afterward they got pizza. The pizza was delicious. Everyone had fun.
It was a nice, wet snow. My husband and daughter went outside to play. They built her first snowman and it was bigger than she was!
He waited very eagerly for the package to arrive. Jimmy saw the mailman carrying his new computer to the door. Jimmy set up his new computer and started to go to work.
But they did not make it past that. His skills were good enough to play in college. He earned a basketball scholarship.
He got a fake identification card to hide his age. The bouncer at the door asked George what year he was born. George couldn't think of the correct year and was declined entrance.
Next week, a big dump truck dumped tons of dirt in a pile in his yard. Biff did everything he could to spread the dirt and use it up. Five months later, he has a nice dirt sculpture in his yard.
Bob negotiated a price on a car he liked. Bob signed a bunch of paperwork. Now he has a new car!
Shadow was not very cooperative. He kept pulling on his leash. But at least Ian got twenty dollars for it.
She did not listen to my warning. When the storm hit, it blew her toys all over the neighborhood. Now she is crying and roaming the neighborhood for them.
I wasn't sure if I'd ever actually date another girl but now I am. We've even exchanged the silly pet names and consider it exclusive. I didn't think I'd ever call someone my girlfriend and feel so much.
I stepped in a huge hole, both figuratively and literally. That day I broke my ankle and tore all of the ligaments and tendons. That moment was the start of sixty surgeries and countless pain.
I decided to make my own perfume to give to her. I mixed peaches, watermelon and cherries in a bowl. I finally realized that this would make a better fruit salad.
Finally, it was time to board. The mom was too nervous after the issues. She refused to get on.
The water was calm and still as they got in. They held each other and kissed as crickets chirped in the background. Charles and Dori will never forget that night.
I called a taxi to get to work. It took me to my motorcycle. My motorcycle wouldn't even work.
Her friend called 911, and a bystander came to assist. He made sure Jenna had a pulse and was breathing. Jenna soon regained consciousness, but refused to go to the hospital.
At first he was afraid of the pet. Luckily, he fell in love with the puppy quickly. They were best friends from then on.
They scored each performer fairly. When Andrew was named the winner, everyone clapped. They knew the judges had done a good job.
When she sat in class, she realized they were studying lizards! She got so grossed out, but tried to hide it. She then just decided to go to the bathroom for the whole period.
But he was in for a surprise. Getting hit with paintballs was painful, not fun! Noah woke up covered in bruises the next day!
She carefully studied each candidate. She made sure that she had gotten registered on time. When election day came Emily voted for who she thought was best.
John's sister said, you don't have to take that. John hired a lawyer. John got a divorce.
His classmates dared him to touch a bee nest. Harry touched it. Harry was stung by many bees and had to go to the hospital.
She loved going into the yard and getting eggs every day. She started making omelets every morning! Emily loved life on the farm.
The crew is winding up their summer. The town threw a party for them yesterday. They had fun playing in an inflatable gym.
She forcefully told him to stop or he would be sorry. The messages got worse. She sent a copy of the messages to his boss, who fired him.
Tim ran out and ran into the stands. Tim ate all the junk food that was left behind. This was the best day of Tim's life.
Since the salary for that job seem good, I decided to check it out. I mainly carried boxes around  for two hours. The boss told us that we're going to be paid in a week, which is bad.
He went to the dentist for help. The dentist numbed him and pulled the tooth. Harold had instant relief!
Louis was fuming and wanted to retaliate. But in the end, he realized his assistant was good and funny. They became friends and Louis changed his view about black people.
He was tiny and brown. Gia took him home and spoiled him. They made the perfect pair!
He opened the cupboard and reached for the bag of sugar. However, he slipped and stumbled across the kitchen floor. The bag of sugar opened and spilled everywhere.
When the poachers arrived they wiped out nearly his whole family. The poor bear had no one but himself for the cold and sad winter. He died of what they say was heartbreak for he was all alone.
She got closer with her friends, and kept watching. After a while, the monkey got closer to the cage door. He grabbed the basketball and threw it into the cage at them.
When she got to the cashier to pay, her order was already paid for. Sue decided to leave money anyway. She was thankful for her own kind gesture and wanted to do the same.
She realized she'd never be able to sleep in the heat. Instead, she took her blankets outside to the porch. There, the cool night air relaxed her and she slept.
He spread it out around his plants. It looked so much better! He couldn't wait to get started on the front.
I asked her if she actually liked me. She said she did. I jumped into the pool with her.
Then on her first day of senior year, her dad gave her a gift. He had saved all summer to buy her a laptop! Kay was so happy she almost cried.
A few minutes ago I played a 1600 opponent. I won, unexpectedly, and got my rating up to 1430. I was very excited.
They just celebrated their 50th year of marriage and had a big party. 3 months later she broke the news to her family that she was unhappy. She no longer wanted to be married and filed for divorce at 70.
He found many different ones. He narrowed it down to three. He managed to get one right by the school.
I sent out invitations with a board game theme to all of my friends. Everyone showed up and we played board games all day. I learned that my birthday should be a yearly games convention.
The dog nearly caught the rabbit twice. The rabbit ran under the fence. The rabbit managed to get away.
Kenny was mad and ran towards him. When Orion tried to make a lay-up, Kenny blocked it. The ball landed out of bounds.
The sound of the garage door opening alerted Annabelle's ear to perk u. Annabelle arose and ran towards the door. She found her owner standing there with a dog treat in hand.
He was distracted by something in the distance. Lonnie nearly crashed into a metal sign. It only clipped his ear off as he was driving so fast.
He felt a pull in his back. Terry was in pain and saw a doctor. The doctor said Terry had strained his back.
They waited quietly behind a bush for the girls to go by. They started throwing balloons as soon as they heard someone coming. Unfortunately it was not the girls but Eddie's mother walking by.
Those details made it seem like I had made the listing. My brother later told me he did it to get back at me. Apparently owing him $500 is worth destroying my marriage.
I lost my friend. I was late for my curfew. I got in trouble.
Bethany started the hang of it right away. Soon she was a master! Her mother was proud of her.
A search party went out to look for her. People hollered her name and waved flashlights around. She was eventually found stuck in a deep construction hole.
The day of the test comes. She finishes the test. She gets an A on her test.
She said she has to go, there's a cute guy on the elevator. Then she turns to me and smiles and says sorry for lying. Thanks for the confident boost lady.
George was driving down the road. A cop pulled him over. George was given a ticket for obstruction in his windshield.
Then she ended up in the mosh pit! She was shocked and hurried to get out of it. Anna decided concerts were great - but mosh pits weren't!
We were throwing it over the house to each other. The ball did not always make it over. We lived in a two story house.
Lots of people came to the party. Calvin realized he wasn't going to have enough food. He ordered a few pizzas for his guests.
The storm came and the power went off. Bailey and her friends were scared. They were very thankful when the storm passed and the power came back.
She is going with her husband. They get to the camp and set up the tent. Martha enjoys her time camping.
They would talk for hours as the nurse would administer medicine. Soon, Lena was released from the hospital. They stayed friends for 20 years after she left.
She looked in her purse. When she couldn't find it, she knocked on her neighbor's door. She borrowed her hairbrush and was very thankful.
Todd decided to clip them. THe dog thrashed around and tried to get away. Todd ended up being scratched, too.
They were worried so they sped home. Their house was engulfed in flames and they lost everything. They were very sad and had to rebuild their home.
They each bought a snow cone. They started melting immediately. The family was sticky and wet by the time they made it home.
The MFA had recently opened a new branch. It us two hours to walk what a normal person did in 1/2 an hour. I was nevertheless pleased I went.
Jamie was scared and missed her home and family. She called her mom to pick her up. Jamie went home to sleep in her own bed.
This would happen every day, and was even the same hummingbird. They played together every morning and became best friends. They ignored the predator and prey aspect and stayed buddies.
They took a long walk up to the gas station. They were closed! The kids walked home empty handed.
Dave knew he wasn't speeding, but he was nervous anyway. Another cop came along and talked to the first cop. They had pulled over the wrong car and Dave was free to go.
Instead, he had to sign up for an unfamiliar class, pottery. At first he was wary, but soon he realized that he loved pottery. Mason was so glad to have picked up a new hobby.
One day he thought he could pull one over his girl. He tried to kiss another girl while out with his girl. Kenny lost his main girl over being a jerk.
It appeared to have two horns on its head. Emily's mind raced and she hid under the covers. It was actually just the floor lamp in the living room.
He was good enough to he added to a special league with more games. Kate hoped this would make him like it more. Instead he was upset it meant he had more games to play.
Steve said a friend of his had it in his shoulder. It developed into flesh-eating bacteria and the friend lost his arm. Luckily he survived.
The new transfer student claimed that he was faster than John. John challenged the new student and eventually lost. John was humbled in defeat and glad to have new competition.
He is having a great time. The roller coaster goes upside down. Kevin falls out and injures himself badly.
Sarah wondered where she would get her book. Sarah saw a library across the street. Sarah now has her book for free!
She started out great but suddenly there was a collision on the track. Instead of running past she helped the fallen runner and urged her on. She epitomizes the Olympic spirit and will always be our champion.
I had slipped off the top of my fence. I had seen my cat do it all the time. I thought it would be fun to climb it.
While waiting for it to dry, she looked at the tv. The tattoo artist told her Ryan Lochte lied about being mugged. Gemini regretted getting the tattoo.
It could not be fixed. The family decided to go for a bicycle ride together. They had so much fun they never got their PlayStation fixed.
She will pay for what she had done, and will remember my name. She will know the pain she has caused me. I will destroy her with no remorse and never think of her again.
While walking he saw a shiny quarter on the street. He bent down to pick it up, and let go of the balloon. Ollie watched with sadness while the balloon floated upward.
They went from Boston to Foxwoods in CT. They gambled and drank all night. My daughter is pregnant and could not go but wished them well.
He felt his leg snap. Jake could not move and was carried off the field. Jake broke his leg in two places and cannot play football.
I couldn't decide on a name for it yet. I always named all of my cars. After thinking for hours, I named the car John Doe.
One night, he was told to come to a party. Brandon decided to sneak out of his house. When he came back, he was caught by his parents and grounded.
Heights terrified her! But soon she was distracted by the scenery. It was breathtakingly beautiful!
He slipped on the board and fell. He was so embarrassed! He decided not to dive in public anymore.
They waited a long time for them to arrive. When they did, they got even more excited. THey hadn't left the country in years!
It was in bad condition but he thought he could clean it up. Several weeks of hard work returned the shed to a quality appearance. Jimmy enjoyed his private work space for years to come.
That night she went with her dad and drove for two hours. Upon arriving home, her father asked her to open the trunk. Inside the trunk, her father had left a good luck letter for her.
Adam was about to graduate. A college offered him a tennis scholarship. Adam accepted the scholarship and attended the college.
They had never been to this park before. They rode through the park all the way down to the river. They had so much fun that they decided to return the next day.
The friend agreed to let Kirk use his camera. Kirk left the camera at school, and somebody stole it. Kirk had to pay his friend for a new camera.
Five books in one day. Eight books on the final day. Linda rewarded herself with a new audiobook subscription.
Another shopper with a full cart asked if he could go ahead of her. Adele agreed. The man was rewarded for being the ten thousandth customer.
But she resisted. Finally she was promised a toy if she went. So she decided to go.
She was a fussy child. We begged her for an hour. Finally we bribed her with candy so she ended up moving.
One day Ted suggested that they construct a building with columns. Ted's boss seemed like he was going to yell and realized it was genius. Ted managed to gain a promotion.
Of all the things we've talked about, she forgets he speaks French. The ride home was the most awkward thing I've ever done. I'm pretty sure the guy hates me now, too.
One night he arrived too late for anything logical but insisted. Tommy, the oldest son had a bad feeling and called the police. When they arrived they found knives and sedatives on the cable dude.
She was getting a bunch of gifts. The one her parents got her was the best. It was the new toy she wanted.
She drank the new coffee and actually liked it. She bought it a few times after that and still enjoyed it. But a week later, she was bored, and had to try something new again.
The screen of the game was cracked. Ned told his parents that his brother broke the game. Ned's parents made his brother use his allowance to buy another game.
The radio host told funny stories and interesting anecdotes. Don smiled and kept driving. The commute was much easier with the radio keeping him company.
Jessica found out by accident when she snooped through his phone. She confronted Mark and he begged for her forgiveness. Jessica loved Mark and decided to give him a second chance.
I carefully wrapped it and placed it in a safe place. The day of her party I went to get the book and it was gone. I searched the entire house and it was and is still missing.
He threw a fit and tried to avoid it. His mother held him down. They gave him the shot and he cried a lot.
Sometimes he finds coins. Last night he found a ring. He kept the ring instead of turning it in.
Nothing happened. Gene's power cord was broken. He was so frustrated!
One day he was invited to a TV show. John became famous. He doesn't sing anymore at the local bar.
She cracked her wrist. Thankfully, though, no other damage was done. Anna healed in just six weeks.
Tracy decided to sell her old car herself. Tracy had a cousin that was looking for a car. Tracy sold her old car to her cousin.
He immediately felt sick after getting home and removing his shoes. Making his way to the bathroom, he jammed his foot into the wall. He broke two toes and had to use crutches for a month.
One day, Diana met Tamora, who also enjoyed trading cards. Before, Diana thought she was the only girl who liked them. They soon became best friends.
Ryan tried eating the tongue. He liked it so much he had seconds. Later, his grandmother told him what he had eaten.
He peeked around, looking for a specific box. He found the box and brought it upstairs. He decided not to go down there at dark anymore.
Granny patiently waited as the numbers were called. Suddenly Granny noticed she had a winning card and yelled bingo! Granny won the jackpot and went home with a million dollars.
One day there was a big storm and the house began shaking. After the storm, the house collapsed on itself. James was forced to call the police for help.
Then she had to get up early to get our car serviced. She wanted to sleep in today but her sister needed help. I told her she can sleep all day tomorrow.
He narrowed it down to two flavors. Finally the lady at the counter suggested he get half and half. It was a great solution to his snow cone problem.
She had Grand Marnier but no pineapple juice. She did find orange pineapple juice and mixed that. She said the drink was fun.
She stepped confidently to the curb when the truck pulled up. Sally asked for her favorite, an Orange Dream for 75 cents. As the ice cream man was getting change a shadow fell across her back.
But the key maker said he couldn't make Tim a copy! Car keys, he said, could only be obtained through the car dealer. Tim realized it was going to be very expensive for a new key!
They loaded them up with sour cream and salsa. They loved Mexican food! The were all so full they could barely move.
Time passed, they were having so much fun, not realizing it was dark. On their way home they realized a policeman was exciting their home. Mom was upset that we didn't make it home in time, and grounded us.
Jasper's doctor told him to cut down on his caffeine intake. When Jasper tried to eliminate caffeine, he felt lethargic and blue. Jasper learned that he functioned best with moderate coffee intake.
While in space, his tether came loose. Barry started to drift away from the ship. Instinctively, he grabbed hold of a bar with his dear life.
Jesse researched how to get rid of bugs without killing his plants. Jesse decided on a natural bug repellant. He went to the store to buy the items needed for the repellant.
They gave him some ideas and he liked them! He invited me to the store to buy the supplies so we went. When we put everything together the party was a big hit!
She would put it over her clothes when she was cooking. Wearing the apron made her feel like a great chef. It also kept her clothes clean and tidy.
They splashed around in the water. They even caught a fish! It was a great day down at the creek.
She went to her priest for advice. He advised her that God would understand if she divorced her husband. Cindy went ahead with the split and her life improved greatly.
Julie found a stray cat one day on a walk. She took the cat home and named it Toughie. Julie and Toughie lived a long happy life together in her big house.
Since he spent all of his money, he couldn't eat lunch. All he had was a dollar to buy a bag of chips. However, he saved it in order to take the shuttle home.
But all the sudden there was a scary monster. Suzy was frightened. She ended up closing the door.
Suddenly, she felt a sharp prick. The seamstress apologized for poking her with a needle. Suzie decided that she'd had enough for the day.
She never remarried and wore the black dress until her expected death. She was buried in her black dress with a sad look on her face. For she was the widow who walked the earth with a frown on her face.
But as he got closer, he became very nervous. And he decided to never ride it. After the long ride home, he regret not riding the roller coaster.
The chicken was lost. He belonged to a farmer down the road. When the farmer saw him, he carried him back home.
When I raise my hand, he smiles and steps closer to me. He whispers in my ear a thank you for the note. Then he tells me that my card is declined.
The child knocked down a shelf of folded tee shirts. Robby spent half the morning refolding the tee shirts. He was in a bad mood the rest of the day.
On her first leave, she decided never to return. She skipped town and went to Canada. She knew she had gone AWOL, but she didn't care.
Everything she had started cooking went in the trash can. She restarted again with a new recipe. But this time, she made sure she had all the ingredients.
When he tried to hit it, I lifted my arm and stuck my chest out. The ball landed on my arms and landed on the other side. No one was paying attention and our team scored a point.
Hilda's children couldn't take care of her anymore. Her children decided to send her into an assisted living home. Hilda thrived with other senior citizens.
Her brother ran up behind her pushing Carla into the pool. Carla was furious with her brother. Her new hair style was ruined.
He was free to sign with any team. They all wined and dined him. He was going to make a decision at the end of the week.
Luckily, her dad came back from work. He was able to get the dog to walk. Kim didn't have to walk the dog.
Gina was sad, knowing that she would have to put him to sleep soon. As he got older and older, his health failed. Gina knew it was time to take him to the vet.
I looked in the mirror and saw a big hole in my tooth. I went to the dentist and got my cavity filled. I can eat eat as many sweets as I want now.
Unfortunately, she picked up some drinking habits. Her mom noticed that she turned into an alcoholic. Dina didn't realize the consequences until she caught a heart attack.
The ball flew into the window of a car passing. The driver of the car stopped and told their parents. Bobby and Dean's parents punished the boys.
One day, a pit bull approached him. And he quickly used his pepper spray. After the pit bull ran away, Zack was glad he had pepper spray.
Stacy spent hours alone learning how to use the sewing machine. She soon became proficient with using it. Stacy now makes all her own clothing using the old sewing machine.
He'd drink a few beers. And when it was time to go home, he'd be too drunk to drive. So every week his friend let him sleep on his sofa.
But after a few years they saw the benefits. Nina was happy and made decent money. Soon Nina had all her family's support!
She took it home and put it in a tank. She fed it crickets. She loved having her own frog!
Ada felt her hoe scrape something hard. She dug around the item to pull it out the ground. Ada was disappointed to see all she found was an old tin cup.
Jane began to switch to the other subway car. Jane had noticed he did not follow her. Jane felt relief that the person was not dangerous.
When she got to the campsite, she unpacked it all. The marshmallows were totally smooshed. Andrea decided s'mores were a bad idea.
Shawn lays down. Shawn gets up to vomit. The candy made him sick to his stomach.
Mrs Scherzer's drawings were horrible. Everyone made fun of her. It was an inside joke from then on.
John watched and analyzed films of football plays. John read books on football strategy. John tried out and made the team!
Cal's friends went to the movies and sat behind him. They began throwing popcorn at Cal and his date. Cal's friends ruined his date.
She went to see a nutritionist to see if they could figure out why. The nutritionist said that red meat was causing weight gain. Denise no longer eats red meat.
She went into the classroom. She saw her friend. She sat next to her friend.
He immediately set out to catch some fish. The first day, he caught ten huge bass! He was so pleased with his new pole!
So he got a job at a retail place. He made some money by working. And he bought the stuff he needed.
He would read the local and national news each morning. Charles loved the routine of reading the paper. He felt more knowledgeable once he had done so.
She screamed and ran away. She wouldn't return to the woods because of the snake. They were her greatest fear!
He loved to dance and would strive to do it despite his predicament. One night at a local event he had a seizure while trying to perform. He died and became a local hero, inspiring all those like himself.
Ann read on a website ways to encourage children to their work. She started a reward chart, giving the kids time online for rewards. It proved useful in encouraging better behavior.
The wedding was outdoors. The weather was perfect. It was a beautiful wedding.
He tried to shuck them by hand. He was eager, and got a lot of cuts on his hands. The oysters were great, though.
He went through them anyway. He jumped suddenly. An owl had made a loud noise.
Sue restarted it, but the same thing happened. She took it in for repair, hoping it was fixable. The techs ended up having to replace the motherboard.
He tried for almost an hour. It hurt so bad. Finally, a brawny nurse came and popped it right in.
Tony knew his house was a mess. Tony called his sister over to his house. His sister helped him get his house in order.
Her friend was very messy. Susie would lecture her about getting organized. Finally, the friend said she didn't want to hang out anymore.
She settled in to watch, but her DVR hadn't recorded it! Angela was furious. She would have to wait days to see it!
Pat rushed the dog to the vet. He was very worried about his pet. The dog recovered after a few days.
He learned a lot about the constellations and the universe. Oscar decided to get some books on the subject. The planetarium show had inspired him!
Dale thanked the worker for being so speedy. The worker felt so appreciated that he gave Dale more for free. The free donuts were stale, but Dale enjoyed them anyway.
Timothy fell, and the dog ran away. Timothy looked for the next hour for his dog. He finally found him humping a woman's leg.
Others wanted to go hiking. They agreed to go to Costa Rica. They had an excellent trip!
He then joined the math team. During one of their competitions there was a problem no one could do. Ray was able to solve it and his team won thanks to all his practice.
A friend told him to put it in a bowl of raw rice. He thought he didn't have anything to lose. The next morning it worked fine.
Stef stepped on a bee and was stung. His dad, a karate instructor, told him to shake it off. I was surprised by his macho behavior.
I worked most of the day, and forgot about the music. At the end of the day, I went to close everything. To my surprise, the ad blocker has blocked over ten thousand ads!
She looked down in the water nervously. Eventually she entered a diver's pose and jumped. Instead, Reese fell flat on her belly.
His doctor told him he needed to get some rest. Manuel didn't listen. Manuel ended up in the hospital.
His dad started yelling for David to get out of the house. David left the house right when the house began collapsing. David's family was left without a house.
Until one day her friend's dog had puppies and called her. Darcy went over there in a flash and new she had found the one. She named the dog Molly and gave her a great home to live in.
Jared's boss made him cover the windows with boards. They were told not to open until it was safe. Jared's store reopened when the weather got better.
They knocked on every door and almost everyone bought something! Rae was very proud of her sales! She sold the most in her troop and won a prize.
His son said God made his hand too perfect for his knob not to do it. My religious friend was dumbfounded and didn't know what to say. Everybody at the office is talking about it and laughing.
She followed her mom's recipe. She waited for it to simmer. When she finally tasted it, it was perfect!
Every day was a blessing to go to work in such a beautiful place. Sometimes we would eat lunch on the beach or walk after work. What a peaceful and relaxing time stored in my  book of memories.
She began putting off doing homework and reading. She was threatened with the possibility of failing her current grade. After being motivated with the prospect of failing Stephanie passed.
They went to get their young nephew Ian. Ian crawled through the dog flap and remove the key from the lock. Dave and Amanda let themselves in and gave Ian a big hug.
He washed the sheets and cleaned the floor, but he still smelled it. For days he searched high and low for that smell. He found a pair of rolled-up, stinky socks behind his headboard.
When her schedule came out she was happy to see that she got it off! She also wanted to go with my girlfriend and me but that can't work. She decided to just go to the state fair with me instead!
The CDC cracked the infected source down to her favorite restaurant. Ren just ate at that restaurant the week prior to the CDC's findings. She went to the Doctor right away and got her Hep A shot.
Soon, his abs looked great. Greg was proud of his new body. He showed them off at the pool that day.
He got one with hard sides and wheels that rotated. When he got to the airport, the suitcase fell apart! John was very frustrated with his new purchase.
She thought it would be expensive. But when she called for prices, she was surprised. The dry cleaning fees were much lower than she'd thought!
The shoot was scheduled for outdoors. It began to rain. Ellie had to reschedule the shoot.
The fox ran very fast. The fox reached the fence. The fox escaped the dog.
Shelly ended up having to walk. She was angry at her brother, but forgave him. He was glad.
There's nothing that makes ninety degree weather more bearable. I usually resist all week long but the weekends are tough. Usually on Sunday I declare it an ice cream day since it seems poetic.
Em brought a vegan roast to share, showing the variety vegans ate. She also added a blessing for the animals to the family table prayer. People were interested, and Em was grateful to start some sharing.
Cody decided to start writing science fiction in his spare time. He self-published several books which all sold well. Cody quit his software job to become a full time writer.
He won medals in every meet. Soon, he had a collection of medals. He displayed them in his room.
Mike was happy to see Jane when she arrived at his house. However, terrible gas came over Jane and she let out a stinky fart. Mike became angry about the awful smell and ordered Jane to leave.
At the end of the competition the judges tallied the results. Tony won the competition. Tony won free books for a year from a local book store.
I asked him how the dogs were doing. Frank said both dogs got sick and had to be put down recently. I was saddened by this news.
The computer immediately shut down. He brought it into the repairman. It was fixed the next day.
He decides to take some from his job. When leaving the store he gets caught. He is fired on the  spot.
Her father was the one who was going to teach her. It was a scary job, but he knew it had to be done. Soon enough Sally was a great driver and ready to take the test.
I went to the website, and it didn't seem to work. After some research, I found out my flash was out of date. I updated flash and it worked just fine.
Throughout his teen years he spent most of his time in mechanics class. In his adulthood he was able to work in a pit crew. After years of hard work he debuted as a drag racer.
She made it on the team! Suzanne was ecstatic. Her parents were very proud of her.
Martha purchased a small plot of land to grow grapes. Soon, she had enough to begin experimenting. Martha made some excellent homemade wine!
He did not do much work on his own. On his last day he left quietly. He was so unpopular we did not give him a farewell party.
My hands got dirty. I couldn't wash it off. Finally it took me an hour.
They made their own water slide! They went down it several times. It made a big, fun mud puddle at the end.
Finally she gave in. She had to use a Port-A-Potty! It was a bad but memorable experience!
Her tour guide sprinkled meat tenderizer over the stings. The pain went away almost immediately. Carol recovered, but she gets anxious when she sees meat tenderizer.
Luke couldn't resist eating some of the fries. When someone ordered, there were no fries available. Luke was fired the same day.
So she was excited about it. When she went home she told her friends about it. They then wanted to go themselves.
He got hired for a birthday party. And he had no choice but to go. After he made someone cry, he decided to quit his job.
Everyone closed their eyes. If you got tapped on the shoulder you were dead. I died on the first round.
Since the screen cracked, there were several bugs. It turned on and off occasionally. Benny ended up returning the phone to the phone store.
Then my leg and foot began to feel pained all the time. I went to the doctor and learned I had sciatica. Now I have an appointment for physical therapy.
He picked his favorite character to learn all of their moves. When the time came he entered the competition. He was able to win second place overall.
He went through my timeline liking photos from years ago. Then he sent me a message asking to be my dirty little secret. He knows I have a boyfriend and that's why he started doing this.
The exhibits were great! She especially loved learning about the Civil War. Brenda felt smarter after her visit.
He entered the conference room to applause. He accepted the award humbly. Steve was proud of his accomplishment.
The rain was cold and it made Terry mad. He turned around and started walking fast towards home. He decided to check the forecast from now on before walks.
The children were enjoying the warm ocean. All of a sudden there was a large object swimming in the water. I realized it was just a harmless manatee.
But they always made him fall asleep. He had little motivation to practice as well. And Rob decided that programming wasn't for him.
She defrosted some frozen veggies and heated up leftover potatoes. I used to cook but am disabled due to a stroke. With the simpler dinners I have lost thirty pounds.
The lamp gave her room a cozy glow. It was a great improvement. Now Joanne could lay in her bed and read comfortably.
She could hardly walk! She called the doctor and got an x ray. He told her to rest for several days.
His friends encouraged him to find another hobby. He learned he was an amazing kite flyer. He was thrilled to find another fun hobby.
She went back inside and stood in line. When it was her turn, she explained the mistake. She paid the difference and felt good about herself for not stealing.
He hopped in the shower to get rinsed off. He felt so much better! The shower had refreshed him.
So I went into the backyard and found a table. And I used it to climb through my bathroom window. Afterwards, I never forgot my keys.
They started to pick it up and put it in the garbage can. Soon, the gutter was looking cleaner. They were glad they'd done their part.
He bought tickets and a new jersey to wear. He painted his face and drank some beer. It was finally time to go to the game!
When he arrived on the day of test, the teacher wasn't there. The substitute stated that the test would occur in two weeks. Robert felt happy knowing he had more time to study.
The dad was carrying the bucket through the aisles. He tripped and dropped the bucket! Popcorn went all over the theater!
They decided to go check it out. They went to the buffet for dinner. The next day they both felt ill from food poisoning.
Oftentimes, she did better! But she made one girl sad by boasting. Feeling bad, she purposely let herself get caught to lighten the mood.
He loved splashing in the water. Soon, he was clean and fresh again! His mom wrapped him in a towel and snuggled him.
Steve decided to give the big violin to his brother. Steve's brother paid Steve a lot of money as compensation. Steve was satisfied with the payment.
It was the nicest one they'd ever owned. They drove it around town to show it off. It was a great new ride!
He then remembered that his parents wanted the house clean. They were coming back today so in a mad dash he cleaned house. When they came back Roy's parents were happy with the clean house.
But she ate all of it. Her mom was angry. She then took her doll away.
But he remembered that he had a doctor's appointment. And he forgot to take the chocolate back home. After his appointment he found melted chocolate all over his car seat.
She gave me two figurines to sell on eBay. I was unable to sell them. She says she now has a closetful of elephants.
So she planned to get out of it. She started crying loudly in practice. The teacher's had no choice but to take her out.
The two pets did not get along at first. Nick and Cara took them both to an obedience class. Now both dogs get along fine.
A man in a Scream costume suddenly ran towards them. They chased everyone across another street. Once Dan dropped his candy, the man took it and ran away.
One night, she fell asleep with a piece in her mouth. When she woke, it was stuck in her hair and was hard to get out. Lilly no longer likes bubble gum that much.
When shopping he would over-buy to avoid that number. Eventually a Friday the 13th rolled around on the calendar. Harold cowered in fear although nothing bad happened to him.
When their mother walked into the living room the parrot spoke up. He told their mother about their plan. They tried to deny it but she knew the parrot never lied.
Her stomach grumbled, so she decided to get out. At the party, she realized that the fish cost five dollars. Since she had no money, she had to leave.
But when he arrived, he was bummed. The pizza was burned! Neil had to call back and complain.
Mary didn't think anything of it at first. Mary fed her son strawberries again the next week. When he broke out again, she decided he must've had an allergy.
But when she got the fair, it was cash only. She was disappointed. So she went home.
They went into another room and kept the fight going. They both got sent to their rooms. The siblings were angry with each other.
David got an estimate of the repair cost. It was more than David thought the truck was worth. David decided to buy a new truck.
However, the card couldn't come out. Eventually, a mechanic had to open up the machine. He managed to pull it out after an hour.
The, out of nowhere, she shrieked. A crayfish had bitten her! Naya wailed with the unexpected pain.
One bull was in a terrible mood and would not stop chasing Eric. The bull chased him until Eric got over the wall. Eric decided that this was not the job for him.
They pushed and pushed but it wouldn't budge. They had to send it back to the store. The family sat on boxes that night.
He bought it and wrapped it in pretty paper. His wife was very pleased with it. It was a thoughtful gift!
They watched them swim for a long time. A trainer threw in some fish. The powerful sharks gobbled them up.
One of his friends had tickets to the concert. Justin's friend found out he had to work the night of the concert. Justin was able to buy his friend's tickets.
I also worried my students would rebel against me. When I got to the first class, I fought through my anxiety. After that first lecture, the class soon became fun and enjoyable.
His mom and dad had packed all his things for him. They took him to the school and dropped him off. He walked into his first class and knew that he would like it.
They were all skeptical. The psychic gave some very silly predictions. The girls admitted that the psychic was a fraud.
However, my friend trusted me. He gave me the ball to shoot the game winner. I shot a three pointer and it landed inside the hoop.
In the fall, she chose a pumpkin candle. The smell and warmth made her feel productive and cozy. Beth bought lots of candles so she would have enough.
It was a lot of fun! She taught herself to do fun tricks. The skates were a great new toy.
They had no water for some reason. The owner gave him a cup of sink water. He had to take all he could.
She went to the spa and also to the hair stylist's. She also splurged on some stylish new clothing. The changes Mara made improved her appearance and her mood.
While in class he dropped his pencil. He tried to pick it up but his pants ripped. He had to go home early that day.
Tyrod gets shot in the leg. The doctors have to amputate his leg. Tyrod loses his leg in war.
She made a few blankets. The were so warm and cozy! Jen got to work making a big comforter for her bed.
She tried to tighten the nuts and bolts. Nothing worked. Maria had to call a plumber in to help.
Russell wanted a balloon but couldn't afford one. Carl was in a charitable mood. He gave Russell two balloons for free.
They each went home angry. Marie swore she wouldn't see her sister anymore. She was mad that the fight had ruined Christmas.
This resulted in Megan working 7 hours of overtime consistently. Megan gave a report to her Manager of the volume change and overtime. As a result, the Manager decided to hire two new assistants for Megan.
He began to doubt whether he'd be a good father at all. By the time she went into labor, he was beset with doubts. But his doubts disappeared when he saw his child for the first time.
She has to ride a new bus this year. She does not know a lot of people on this bus. I assured her she would do fine.
It made a big SPLAT when it hit them. They laughed and threw some more. They had a lot of fun playing in the water!
Todd had a month left on his contract. He told the provider he was fed up. Todd paid the termination fee and switched providers.
I asked how he was doing this summer. Jay said he had stomach issues all summer and lost 15 pounds. He said his new meds were making him feel better.
Someone was chasing her through the woods. She tried to convince herself it was ok. But then the next night she had the same nightmare.
Trisha thought the man thought she was a prostitute. She was very angry and told him where to go. The man said he just wanted to buy the bag of peaches she had.
We started talking about tattoos and I admitted this to him. He asked to give me a tattoo and drunkenly, I agreed. I woke up to a tattoo of a marijuana leaf smoking a cigarette.
Carla heard a resident was moving out a first floor apartment. Carla applied to move into the first floor appliance. Carla was allowed to switch apartments.
He chopped the vegetables and meat. He mixed it in a pot and let it simmer. The stew tasted great!
She was excited to host Thanksgiving so her friends could see. They all commented on how beautiful the rug was. Jasmine was pleased with her purchase.
Unfortunately, the brush missed and shattered the mirror. Glass shards fell to the ground. Sarah grimaced, knowing that breaking a mirror was bad luck.
My daughter had a talk with her child. Today our granddaughter hugged the same person. My daughter was pleased.
She even practiced on days that her team went home. She did this because she did not have much natural agility. She improved and ultimately scored admirably at a swim meet.
The judge gave him a stiff sentence. James regretted the crimes he had committed. He left the courthouse in handcuffs.
Tracy was driving when she saw a stream of smoke from the hood. She called her boyfriend. Her boyfriend fussed at her for not taking care of her car.
The new house wasn't very far from her old one. She would miss the old house. She really liked the new house.
He started slowly by trying it in his driveway. He then got confidence and went to the sidewalk. Soon after he was confident enough to go to skate park.
Sometimes her students would rain havoc or bully each other. Lily would punish them by taking away their toys until they apologized. It often worked, reigning harmony back upon the classroom.
He waited at station one for 30 minutes. But the bus didn't come. Bill then realized it was Saturday.
But when he started driving, he felt very frustrated. And he had trouble dealing with traffic and other drivers. So Sam decided to only use public transportation.
He practiced his solo over and over. The night of the big show arrived. Clark stood up for his solo and knocked it out of the park.
Her dad showed her the way to do it and from there she was fine. She quickly learned it was a pain in the butt. But now she knew how to be a grown up and file taxes.
He got a new paint job. And he bought expensive rims and body parts. The next year, Will brought his car to the show and amazed everyone.
They had to prepare new ones. They kept them safer the second time. They ended up having a lot of fun.
She bought him a top of the line pole. He opened it and was so surprised! He thanked her for the thoughtful gift.
Unfortunately, Matt's radio show was not funny or popular. Matt eventually got fired. Despondent, Matt quit comedy and got a job at a shoe store.
One day she went downstairs to talk to her neighbor. She explained the situation and asked for it to stop. The kids hugged her and she was speechless.
One of my teeth broke and needed a cap. The kid who ground my teeth away was drunk in the operating room. I ended up calling a real dentist for such difficult work.
Kim got shot several times during the match. Her skin made welts where she was hit. Kim decided never to play paintball again.
He pulled out a banana he had packed from home and peeled it. He was about to take a bite, but noticed the banana was almost rotten. Tim threw the banana away and didn't eat anything for lunch.
She put it on the balcony. Then she forgot to water the plant for two days. The plant died.
Lobsters, venison, dolphin you name it, he cooked it, and well. He was chosen to cook for Obama and a grand feast it was. One of the best chefs of the decade Mark became renown for his skill.
They looked forward to him getting home every night. Then they would throw a football around. Quality time with their dad was their favorite.
It was a tennis ball. He pulled it off the roof and threw it down into the yard. He figured a kid had thrown it up by mistake.
It was of a girl scout. She'd gotten it as gift when she joined the troop. Jane dusted it every day and kept it on display.
They met for drinks at a bar. The woman decided not to see him again. Julio was despondent.
His house was beginning cluttered. Bill saved up and bought a shed. Bill was able to store many of his items in the shed.
It was pink and purple spotted. She put on the leotard and was so excited to start dancing. It was going to be a great year!
He looked very sharp when he put it on. He thought his fiance would love it. She smiled when she saw him!
And she wasn't in the mood to make an elaborate meal. She went to the grocery store and got a fun idea. She made mini pizzas with the ingredients she picked up.
She finished dusting the house and took a deep breath. She could breathe again! Hayley was happy her cleaning was done.
I walked home. I turned on my air conditioner. I wasn't hot anymore but I still wanted to go to the park!
He did so, but it went poorly. The curls were very tight and frizzy. The customer was very angry at Richard.
As he felt he was not doing very well, he pushed himself. He hurt his wrist doing so and had to stop. Now he's a lot more careful when practicing yoga.
The salesperson had to cut her out of the dress. Amy really liked that dress though. She ended up buying it anyway.
After they went to sleep Nicole sneaked out of the house. She came home very drunk after the party. Her parents said the hangover was punishment enough.
This year, she wanted to make a Wilma Flintstone costume. She spent two weeks sewing and putting it all together. The costume was so good, she won first place in a costume contest!
I have bipolar disorder and I know I can be difficult sometimes. He sighed into the phone and said not anymore and hung up. So I guess I'm single again.
He knelled down on one knee and popped the question. Emily told him no and that she had been seeing someone else. Heartbroken Josh didn't leave his apartment for weeks.
Eventually, he had no more classes and decided to get a job. But after years of working, he regret leaving college. But after he enrolled in college again, he had little motivation.
I was starting to think I wouldn't have what I wanted. I decided to use instant noodles instead. Those tasty noodles were the  perfect replacement.
One perk of the job is the delicious sandwiches. When nobody's there Tim makes himself food to eat. Tim guesses he can stick it out for the summer.
The vet wanted to charge $900 a pill! Betty didn't have that kind of money. Fortunately, she found a cheaper vet to help her cat.
But she hadn't gotten any better. At the recital she wasn't very good. But it didn't matter because she enjoyed herself.
When she came home, she brought huge bag of groceries. When, I looked inside, here was only raw meat and vegetables. She changed her mind about fast food and decided to cook.
She bought dough and other supplies. Then she put her creation in the oven. When it was done, it looked even better than delivery pizzas!
One day, she realized she had no more nail polish. She quickly went to the salon and purchased more nail polish. Now she has a lot of nail polish again.
His friends were completely incredulous. Dave was forced to come clean. The entire team batted 1000 because it was a tee ball league.
But he had trouble, like his parents had warned him. The caffeine in the soda kept him up, like they'd feared. Kai vowed never to drink soda before bed again!
They made sure that everyone that was going were a strong swimmer. They even had signed waivers in the event of an accident. The exciting rafting experience went off without a hitch.
Bracing for the cold, she ran through the house switching on heaters. She curled up in bed waiting for it to heat up. Finally the house was warm enough to act normal.
He threw it into Joe on the half-court line. Joe threw the ball with all his might. It went in!
Everyone was satisfied with the plan. Mrs Caller hung it on the fridge. Everyone felt safer.
The man had twin sons, and ended the affair. The other woman announced on FB she had saved $ for the twins. Now she said on FB that she was spending it on herself.
They also set up blind dates for her every weekend. She could never connect with a man no matter how many dates she had. Nicole decided to try other things and signed up with dating sites.
When I was done I looked for my bookmark. It had fallen under the bench. I have trouble bending down, so I abandoned the bookmark.
Dean met with his co-workers to discuss the issues. Dean gave his presentation to the office. Dean's boss was impressed with his work.
So she went to a local salon. Unfortunately they screwed up. So she had to get them redone.
We tried to make it until morning, but sleepiness overwhelmed us. We slept on the side of a somewhat secluded road. A neighbor woke us around ten the next morning.
Maya wanted to be a reporter one day. She was invited to intern at a local news station. Maya became a well known news reporter.
I thought I did everything according to the recipe. I had a mistake though, I used regular sugar not powdered. The brownies tasted gritty like they had sand in them.
He heard her say to buy three dozen eggs. The connection was bad. She had actually said 'the dozen eggs' and he severely overbought.
The men were obviously drunk. Marion asked the men to leave. When the men refused, she called the police.
He thought it would get a few laughs. But he was surprised. It scared everybody!
But it was fun to receive letters every week. All these years later, I remember many of them. And I think about them on their birthdays.
The condo owner liked him as he is young and handsome. She sent him some suggestive texts. He texted back that he was a married man.
One day she wasn't at school to teach. Everyone wondered what happened to her. She broke her leg riding to school on her bike.
If Jeffrey ate eggs for breakfast his little brother would copy. Jeffrey grew tired of his little brother copycat behavior. Playing a prank on his little brother Jeffrey started mimicking him.
She went to a  toy store with her parents. Gabby found the perfect pink and purple doll house. Gabby now spends her afternoons playing with her doll house.
I helped him pick a nice box and listened to what he was going to say. I rung him up and sent him on his way, happy to have helped. Only then did I realize I didn't put the ring in the box.
But a big storm then rolled through. The high winds brought down the tree. Fortunately it didn't damage anything.
They ran as fast as they could, yelling at the man to stop. They tackled him and arrested him. It was the most exciting thing Tim had ever seen!
We played frisbee and had a game of catch. We also had a picnic lunch, with sandwiches and fruit. It was fun and I hope to do this again soon.
While boarding the plane she was very nervous. Once it was time for take off she knew she would be fine. As she walked off the plane she knew she made the right choice.
He was suddenly attacked by a swarm of bees. Joe was stung five times. Joe told his friend that he didn't want to mow his yard.
They played bocce every day on the beach. The children and adults all loved playing the game. It was their funnest beach trip in years.
But he studied his notes diligently anyways. And to his surprise, he did well on the test! Stan was very proud of his B+!
After she ate dinner she went to her living room. She turned the TV on. She watched her favorite show.
She picked out great china and linens. The finished look was beautiful! Rochelle couldn't wait for her guests to arrive.
She bought some blackout curtains to make it darker. Finally, her room was dark! She slept so well that night.
She planted new ones. She put her dog in the house. She finished her garden and loved it.
They found a good spot. They spent a lot of time at the beach. They really liked the trip.
I called my friend to ask her what else she remembered. She casually tells me about how I flashed the whole bar. Looks like I won't be going out for a while.
He spent months studying and practicing. Last week Bob went on his first solo flight. It was everything he had ever dreamed of.
She knew she would not have time to write her paper and go out. Jen decided to not write her paper. When she got to class, she did not turn in her paper and got an F.
He worked very hard on the song but it ended up being horrible. Still, something was funny about it, and the video went viral. Mario doubled his business that year and had to hire more workers.
During the Olympics he won 1st place, but was disqualified and banned. It turned out that all this time he was using drugs. Drugs to enhance his performance, shame.
He decided to go the local shelter to look for a friend. He searched until a dog stood out to him. Shane fell in love with the dog and they had a good life.
She scheduled a time to get them removed. It hurt a lot but was worth it in the end. Soon, she was pain-free!
In one fight, he attacked his opponent knee carelessly. So he ended up breaking his leg. As a result he got banned from fighting.
She asked her friends for help but they didn't know either. Finally Crosby asked her dad for help and he came over. He got the TV to work and she was very happy.
When she finally came back to the kitchen, her pot was out of water. Her noodles were burned. Kim could not believe she had burned noodles.
Tara hadn't taken a break. She wasn't drinking enough water. Tara passed out in the gym.
One boy got angry because he had to retrieve it. He picked a fight with Jimmy, and Jimmy fought back. Both boys went home with black eyes.
She sang for hours daily, and was confident when they called her name. But she could tell by the looks she got the audition hadn't gone well. She was discouraged, but determined to not give up her dream.
He found an old water bottle by his bed though. He considered going to the store to buy more water. But he impulsively drank the old water by his bed.
He noticed something peculiar. He zoomed in saw a mutation he had never observed before. This microscope had led to a new, amazing discovery!
It was exhausting coming up with so many hiding spots. But during the hunt, all of Anna's eggs were found. The kids complimented her on her creative hiding spots!
But if someone says they are for The Nation of Islam, he's happy. I'm not sure he can read Arabic. I asked him about the Quran, and he didn't seem to know what it was.
It really opened up the space! They loved the changes. They got to work planning their next project.
I excitedly told my brother about it, expecting him to be happy. He grinned really big and said the first rejection letter is special. Thanks a lot for the confidence boost, bro.
But after walking to work, she noticed that it went away. So she decided to walk everyday. And eventually, the tingling went away.
She wanted to be selected for a major part in the school play. Alice spent every Sunday morning rehearsing her lines to perfection. The theater teacher selected Alice for the main part in the play.
He started saying bad things about me. I told him it was no big deal. He was angry about a sliding door that was askew.
His daughter saw her favorite old doll in a box of things for sale. Sal's daughter began to cry. Sal gave the doll back to his daughter.
I made a new list. When I got to the store, I found my old list! I bought everything from both lists anyway!
He was no longer interested in politics. He decided to start a business instead. But he still became President - of his own company!
It felt so great to rub her toes on the soft surface! Marie bought more snuggly rugs for the rest of her house. She thought it make the place feel more homey.
They gave chase, and shot arrows as warning. Clemson had an idea, and pulled out his Iphone. He played a video, and the tribesmen ran.
I ended up buying a phone on Ebay. When I got it, I instantly fell in love with it. I am happy with my new phone.
She felt something soft on her face. She saw that she'd ridden through a spider's web! Anna was disgusted and pulled over to clean herself.
They went to Colorado and stayed at a resort. It was beautiful and so much fun! They learned how to ski very well by the end of their trip.
She took all her friends to join her. But when they got there everything looked super unhealthy. So they ended up leaving.
Then it started thundering. Paty's flight was delayed. She couldn't get on the plane for four hours.
Waiting, the limo was over an hour late. After a few calls, the limo had been parked just out of sight. After entering the limo, Sam screamed at the driver for being late.
Some of the suggestions got voted down for being too cliche. Others got voted out for being too outlandish. They finally decided to have a Disco theme.
He looked around in the nearby bushes. He found a bird with its wing broken. He took the bird to a veterinarian right away.
I accidentally snorted a jalapeno piece into my nose. I spent the next 10 minutes trying to flush out the heat. Now my face is all red from having the pepper in my nose.
In them, she found a coupon for a free carseat canopy. She mailed the coupon out as soon as she got home. The canopy arrived just in time for her new baby.
The dinner was an hour away. They got their picture taken with a coach. It was Dennis Franchione.
Max went back to his house and hid in his treehouse. Max's mother got a phone call that he wasn't in school. Max got in trouble when he showed up for dinner.
He is on the school team and at practice when it happened. He was bowling really well and ended up getting a 300. Jimmy and his dad were so happy!
Somebody tried to steal his wallet. Rob approached the guy. The guy apologized and they let it go.
She hired someone to come clean them. They worked hard but couldn't get the stains out. Amanda decided she would have to replace them.
He is very nervous for his test. He keeps studying. He will do his best.
Her friends invited Carin to join them at the beach. Carin was afraid. She declined the invitation.
It wasn't a problem, but his truck got stuck in the mud near his home. He asked his friend if he could tow him out before it sunk in deeper. Shortly, his friend arrived and they both managed to free his truck.
She gets a really bad cramp. She cannot swim and starts drowning. A lifeguard jumps in and saves her from drowning.
One day a bird flew by directly into her balloon. The balloon popped and the bird was hurt. Jenny lost her balloon but took care of the bird instead.
She was told to lose two inches from her waist. The day of the fashion show arrived. Leanne was relieved that she fit perfectly into her dress.
Soon Scott began noticing several holes in the story. He challenged Dave until finally he admitted that it was a lie. Scott was so angry that he didn't speak to Dave for weeks.
John set up a campfire. John encountered a poisonous snake. John managed to kill it by kicking it into the fire.
The truth was that she had been out at a club instead. Soon her parents noticed that her store had many holes in it. They caught her lie and grounded her.
John watched Russian movies without subtitles. John spent a month living in Russia. Now John is fluent in the Russian language.
He did great with a stick. Then she moved on to tossing the Frisbee. To her joy, her dog learned quickly and became adept!
Driving home, he held the flowers delicately. Owen reached his house and went up to his mother's bedroom. He handed over the flowers and wished his mom a happy birthday.
Everyone gobbled it up. They asked for her recipe. Amy had a reputation as a great baker because of this delicious treat.
She wanted to live where she could do what she wanted. After she graduated she got her own apartment and loved it. Now she has a better relationship with her parents.
She sat him in the kitchen and cut his hair under dim lights. He was horrified to see so much of his hair on the floor at his feet. He has worn hats to work every day this week.
However, Spring is usually marked by the inevitable Spring cleaning. I never managed to quite work up the fever of Spring cleaning though. Perhaps I'll do all my Spring cleaning in the Fall.
Some people wanted it to go over. It would have been a high bridge. The tunnel will have to be replaced eventually.
He used what he learned in the class to gained access to his grade. And he changed it to an A. But a few days later, his professor found out.
She doesn't like highway driving. She asked my wife to go with her. My wife agreed to go.
Her parents bought her a terrarium and a couple of toads. She loved the toads, but could not help feeling patronized. Her loneliness did not subside.
Dana and Jim couldn't decide on where they wanted to order from. They decided just to eat sandwiches. They each blamed each other for not picking a restaurant.
Tim noticed he accidentally smashed a picture frame. Tim was worried so he told his grandfather. Tim's grandfather said it was fine and he took care of it.
Then she decided to carry hand weights while she walked. The weights helped Anna grow her muscles. Soon she had attractive little biceps!
It was an awfully boring class. Mitch felt his eyes getting heavy. It wasn't long before Mitch got in trouble for snoring.
They explored the entire park. It was a beautiful space! The family couldn't wait to return some day.
So much that she decided to put it on repeat. She heard it over again. By the tenth time she got tired of it.
Fatima decided to be the one to file the papers. She was sad but thought it would be best. Fatima decided to move on as soon as possible.
Lidia decided to no longer take notes. She fell behind on school work assignments. Lidia had to borrow other students notes to catch up.
He looked around. He looked under the couch. His truck was under the couch.
He decided to try and sell his barbecue sauce. Bubba's barbecue sauce was very popular. He sold so much sauce that he ended up quitting his office job.
He appeared to pull an invisible rope and trap himself in a box. The audience was delighted. At the end, Walter tipped the mime five dollars for the show.
They knew they were well prepared. When it was time to take the stage, they were excited. They performed flawlessly!
She could hardly hear her voice over the excited crowd. At the last minute, Laura's horse pulled back and didn't even place. Laura lost twenty dollars that day.
She was skeptical of the MBTA, where I used to work. The bus arrived on time and got her to work early. She was impressed.
He played all his favorite numbers. Bill returned home to wait for the drawing. He hit the jackpot!
I invited them to a meeting there. My friend called me to let me know. I had gone to close a sale.
While there, she had a hard time choosing which fish to get. She decided to get two new goldfish. She took them home and they were happy in their new home.
Pat took painting classes for several years. She loved getting lost in the creative process. Now she paints pictures to share with the people she loves.
He had an idea. Matthew got his workshop tools. Now Matthew is making furniture from all the wood!
At the pet store Mila saw a puppy. Mila loved the puppy and took it home. Mila was happy she found her new pet.
I picked up a pack of gum and put it into my pocket. The shop lady caught me when we tried to leave the store. I started crying and my friend definitely did not think I was a rebel.
When she looked up, her mother was gone. A stranger found Ana and brought her to the front desk. Ana was reunited with her mother.
She panicked and broke the window. The dog was in distress. She rushed him to the vet for care.
He needed help with his homework, because it was so hard. Reluctantly, he asked his step father for help and he helped him. He realized that his stepfather wasn't so bad after all.
I screwed up my courage and approached the Dean about this. She approved my idea that each team, not each person, should report. Now everyone has a happier, more efficient department meeting.
The next morning she gave her mom a hard time waking up. She was even grumpy at breakfast. Gracie knew that she had to go to bed early from then on.
She set them on the kitchen counter. It was wonderful to have fresh flowers in her home! Penny stopped to sniff them as she walked by.
The other gym members were getting annoyed. They reported Tony to management. The staff talked to Tony about his behavior.
Every night, as I lay down, I picture my mind as a ship. A ship that sails into the sea, through the fog and into the darkness. A ship that sails with no standard course and no sense of direction.
He had trouble gaining control. Therefore, he had to stop on the side of the road. A nail was found on the front left tire of the car.
She asked all her friends what they wanted to watch and they told her. She found that movie and put it in the movie player! Laura told me her movie night with friends was a big success.
She was forced to lug her wash to the laundromat. It was a huge hassle! Anna realized she had to appreciate her washer more.
One of their best players got suspended. He failed to take a drug test. So he got suspended 4 games.
Bobby tried the practice problems again and again. Bobby took the second test. Bobby got an A!
He hired a deejay and they picked out some music choices. The day before the party, Casey bought a ton of food and drinks. The shindig was a terrific success and Casey had a great time.
I looked for the ejector button. I hit the button. The plane crashed but I lived,
She wa afraid of how deep the lake was. But soon she was splashing and having a great time. Anna was glad she had decided to go night swimming!
When he was back home he ordered them. He discarded the bad ones. And finally made a movie with all the good pictures he had taken.
They saw a very scary horror movie. John was pretty shaken up by the content of the movie. That night, John slept with all his lights on!
Angela was excited and mentioned having a birthday party. Her mom offered her some recommendations. Since she refused them, her mom refused to throw a party for her.
One day, he tried to jump off a ramp without a helmet. And he nearly hit his head on the ground. But he continued to skateboard fearlessly.
He weaved along the crowd's edge with excitement. Suddenly he pushed his way in and walked to the edge of the counter. He felt his confidence grow as he took aim and scored a ten.
The chances of snow were unusually high for the region this year. Mustafa was excited and stayed up all night. The next morning he and his friends were making snow men.
Decatur was where her mother lived. But there was a catch. It was not in the same state.
Mary remembered reading in a book that this was a sign of a big wave. She yelled, screamed, and was able to get everyone off of the beach. Sure enough a rogue 30 foot wave crashed into the beach soon after.
But then she realized that she would be making a difference in lives. Ciara was a nurse and knew she could make her patients happy. Working on Christmas was enlightening for her and made her feel good.
It grew larger and larger. Soon, it covered up the whole doghouse! They loved all the colorful blooms.
So when the music teacher asked him to perform, he said no. But as she insisted he found himself playing in front of everyone. He did his best and was surprised when everyone clapped.
Sandra asked her daughter if she could be put on her plan. Sandra's daughter added Sandra to her phone plan. Sandra and her daughter both saved money on their bills.
Soon there was a long line of kids trick or treating. They were all appreciative of the giant candy bars. Peter was the most popular guy in town!
He had the rest of the kitchen staff throw away the expired goods. Paul called the manager of the restaurant. The manager ordered extra of the goods that had expired.
He gave them a last-minute play to run. The team felt all the pressure. The play worked and they won!
They climbed and ran and had a lot of fun. Afterwards, they were a lot calmer. The park had worn them out!
The PI followed her around for three weeks and then reported. All the pictures he took of the guy's wife were of her playing tennis. That's what she told her husband she was doing every afternoon.
However, a gust of wind blew in their direction. Sand flew into the meat, vegetables and bread. Since the food was ruined, Henry took his girlfriend to a restaurant.
She learned French. She returned home to the US. Now Elizabeth is a professional French translator at the UN!
She volunteers to help library staff. Jan even joined the library book reading club. Jan eventually became a librarian.
They climbed on and took a lap around the field. It was a funny, bumpy ride! They climbed down and gave the camel a pat.
Timmy and the dog got along fine when he was one. Now Timmy is 2 and teases the dog by touching him. The dog is not pleased with Timmy nowadays.
One day a peasant worker was waiting for Lord Zoltan. Zoltan decided not to give the peasant any work. The peasant starved to death.
But when she stepped aboard this time, she was ushered to a window. She realized with horror she hadn't double checked her seat number. She was rigid with fear, and cursing her carelessness, the whole way.
He told her to give him all her valuables. Lindsey gave him a hard kick in the groin. The man kneeled over in pain and Lindsey ran away.
Today was the day! She went to the pet store and found the perfect one. She took it home and called it Rose.
Eventually her doodling habit got her suspended. The teachers hoped this would finally knock some sense into her. But Mindy wasn't deterred - she couldn't wait to start with graffiti!
The wait was making him nervous. He finally got replies. He had gotten in the colleges he wanted.
They live in Manchester, NH, an hour away. They tried to go to the museum but never did, all of 2015. They had intentions of going, but never followed through.
Cindy tried to get a few pieces from Nancy. However, she brushed Cindy off when she asked. Cindy started to cry afterwards.
Tina called the person's references. One company said she never worked there. Tina decided to not recommend the person for the job.
John felt guilty about it and decided to keep searching on his own. But John never ended up finding a job. And he regret refusing his friend's offer.
He built and build all night long. Soon, he had a masterpiece on the table! He showed it to all of his friends.
The jeep got stuck in the sand. Sam had to call his friends to help him out. Sam and his friends managed to get the jeep out of the sand.
When he became an adult he became a professional soccer player. When he won games he was so happy and would gloat. When he lost he was a poor sport that would yell and pick fights.
Neither of the stalls next to me had toilet paper either. I decided I had to take drastic measures to clean up. That's when my boss walked in one me with my pants down.
When he went to his bed, he found out the pillow was missing. He searched for an hour and finally found it. James went to sleep and had a good night.
Unfortunately all of the balls they had were flat. They brainstormed for a long time, trying to figure out a solution. Finally they were able to pump the ball back up and get to playing.
The man became spooked when a skeleton reached out to grab him. This affected the man's perception of Halloween for many years to come. Now, the man refuses to go out on Halloween night.
He asked for someone sober enough to get him home. As there was no one, he chose to drive himself anyway. While driving he almost hit a tree and swore not to drink again.
She vacuumed every nook and cranny. Her house looked amazing! She thought her vacuum did a great job.
His previous girlfriends were thin. Marta talked about how hard it was to sit in Fenway Park seats. I had to control myself from making a remark.
I said goodbye and headed off for school. My car died on the highway 8 miles from home. It looks like it is time for a new car.
The french toast she made was really delicious. I was really impressed. I hope she makes dinner tomorrow.
We searched for dim sum restaurants in our area. Sadly, we could not find any dim sum places in Door Dash, We will have to go to Chinatown.
This time she wants to win first place for singing. Katie practiced on her vocals daily. She went on to win first place in the singing contest.
She bought lots of sweet treats. When she came outside, the scooter was gone! Esther had to walk home.
Curious, I asked why he was laughing. He clapped me on the shoulder and mentioned BDSM videos I had liked. My face grew white as I realized my family sees Facebook, too.
I tried to avoid eye contact with him, but he saw me. He shouts out calling me the guy who puked in a margarita glass. Now I'll never live that story down with my girlfriend.
A teacher spotted her running off one day. The teacher notified her mother. Fran now attends her after school program with her mother.
They waited for it to reach the horizon. When it did it cast beautiful colors into the sky. They watched in awe.
His favorite meal was meatloaf but she didn't know how to make it. She grabbed a recipe book and looked up meatloaf recipes. She followed the recipe and made the meatloaf.
Neil couldn't remember what the food was. He threw the item away. Neil was more careful to mark all items that he stored.
Her friend wanted a clown theme birthday party. Jennifer disagreed with this idea she wanted an outer space theme. Comprising they threw a clown in space theme birthday party.
She read it and blushed. It was very sweet! Jamie wanted to know who had a crush on her.
The next day, he bought an expensive ring. Regina felt guilty taking it but still accepted it. She apologized to her boyfriend.
The floor was shaking gently and my Uncle took me to his shelter room. I didn't know what was going on at first. Then, I realize it was an earthquake.
The camp move 800 campers inland to a high school. The kids stayed up late watching movies and eating donuts. That adventure was Susan's favorite night at camp.
He took his bass guitar to a pawn shop. After he hocked his guitar, he spied an accordion in the pawn shop. Now he plays the accordion for tips in a local Italian restaurant.
One day he planned on dropping a bucket of water on someone. A teacher caught him and told him how wrong it was. The teacher helped him use his genius for good rather than evil.
The children were upset that their vacation was ruined. Dave and Laura found a nearby water park that was open. The kids had a great day at the waterpark, and a great vacation.
The dentist asked him if he flosses every day and Danny said no. His dentist bill was over three hundred dollars. Danny vowed to start flossing everyday.
They also won a $100 shopping spree. Billy spent a hour looking at the jar before putting in his guess. Two days later he got a call that his guess of 2,323 was the winner!
It's his wife lyndie. She is trapped underneath the family car. Keith uses the adrenaline to save lyndie.
She took Advil and laid down, but nothing helped. Lynn decided to try a warm compress. Finally, she had some relief!
Oscar had always considered selling the piano out of necessity. But instead, he learned how to play it. And several years later, he taught piano lessons on the old piano.
I read many books while I was there. The books got my mind off things. I'm not unhappy any more.
Now it was 3 miles there and 3 miles back! Nina fondly remembered her old route. She wished she had only a mile to walk!
We heard a racket in the middle of the night. The cats were playing with each other. They are now best friends and play together all the time.
The dog whimpered really loudly. The owner saw the bowl. The owner refilled the dog's water bowl.
Since I couldn't argue with him, I agreed. Instead of coming home at 7 AM, I came home at 11 AM. I couldn't walk to my room and end up sleeping on the couch.
She thought she needed a lot of room for her kids. When she pulled up in her new car, they were very embarrassed. They thought minivans were dorky!
Connie was great at mixing drinks, and decided to 'wow' him. But just as she was taking him his favorite drink, she tripped. Connie was humiliated when the drink flew all over his dress shirt.
She was so proud! Her parents were grateful that they wouldn't have to pay for tuition. The rewarded her with a new car.
He couldn't stop thinking about it. He decided he would donate money to help. He felt a little better after that.
Lisa's friend asked to borrow the surfboard. The friend lost the surfboard in the waves. The girls chased the board until it washed up on the shore.
I ran into a former co-worker today who was excited to see me. She said my job had been split up among two people. Nevermind that I told my boss that's what needed to be done.
She also loved roses because they smelled so good. Sara enjoyed herself as she arranged flowers into a bouquet. She gave the bouquet to her mother.
He rode it to work every day. It got 70 miles per gallon. Evan told all his coworkers how great it was working for him.
Gina didn't want to be in the play. She saw the crowd and she froze. Gina ran off the stage crying.
She worked hard on the blanket. Finally, the blanket was done just before the baby was born. Both the mom and the baby loved the blanket.
He hid in the back of the car when his sister left to go. She caught him! Billy didn't get to see Star Wars.
Then he waited to get his voter ID card in the mail. He made sure to take the card with him on election day. Then he stepped into the voting booth and voted!
She learned how to make eggs benedict. Her hollandaise sauce was amazing! Kendra made eggs benedict every time they had house guests.
We received the postcard in the mail yesterday with her teacher's name. It was not the teacher she wanted. I hope this teacher is just as good.
They held a memorial for the veterans who had passed away. THere was music and speakers. It was a wonderful way to honor the veterans.
He busted open the door because he thought she needed help. He heard the moaning from the bathroom. He ran in, and his old elderly neighbor was having sex with the postman.
As he was leaving the parking lot the manager flagged him down. The manager only asked Chris if he would work on Tuesday. The manager didn't see the glasses, so Chris vowed not to steal again.
One summer he invited Luca to be his volunteer, Luca agreed. When he revealed his secret trick Luca ran away crying. Luca had never been told that magic was all an act, a hard revelation.
The friend invited Herman to come to New York to visit. Herman drove there on a motorcycle. Herman was glad he went on such an exciting adventure.
I could not find that channel on my tv. My wife found it after looking at the internet. It was very confusing.
Everyday he went outside to take pictures. And he eventually took photography courses in college. Isaac was happy when he finally became a professional photographer.
All the sudden though it stopped working. So she had to take it in. Allison got it back a week later.
Makenzie asked her Mom to get her these when she goes to Walmart. Later that evening she asked her Dad for two oreo cookies. An hour later, Makenzie was itching all over and broke out in hives.
Everyone was welcoming and friendly. One lady invited him in for a snack. Zachary loved his new town!
Suzie didn't pay. John sued Suzie. The courts made Suzie pay.
Only, we're not supposed to move for a month. So now I have to live in a house with no internet for a month. How will I get my homework assignments done?
He ended up scoring a touchdown for his team! His team ended up winning. His family was very proud.
A kind stranger helped her pick them up. She was flattered. The stranger was glad to help someone.
Her dog, Fluffy, had eaten the whole bar. Kristin panicked and took her dog to the vet. The vet managed to remove the chocolate from Fluffy's stomach.
She won a milkshake. She loved it. Everyone had fun.
There had been lots of rain and the grass was really growing. Bob fired up the push mower and set to work. He finished with a sense of pride and sweat on his brow.
The money was stolen from her locker at school. She told the entire school what had happened. A bunch of her classmates pitched in enough money to buy her tickets.
Her friend called the ambulance. They rushed her to the hospital. Megan needed a few days to recover.
He didn't know much about soccer, but he promised he would learn. The team did well that year. They won all of their games!
When they walked in that fell in love with the new store. They each bought three new books. This would be the store they shopped at now for books.
Fortunately, she found an eye doctor who would see her immediately. The doctor gave Lynn and updated glasses prescription. With her glasses, Lynn was able to enjoy the Van Gogh museum.
Jason hit the ball very hard. He thought he could run as fast as he could when he was young. Jason was tagged out trying to turn the hit into a triple.
Mrs Joneson was afraid of heights, but she faced her fear. She ended up loving the view. They all had a fun time.
His family met him at the airport and drove him to their home. Alex stayed about a week and enjoyed sightseeing and visiting. He decided that he would go more often.
She slammed the drawer shut, but she felt faint and nervous. Lana sat down and put her head between her knees, and recovered. Afterwards, she insisted to her boss that they hire an exterminator.
Terry was happy to take it to the bank and cash it. He felt rich! He stared at his new pile of money and felt proud.
She asked me if I liked the movie. I told her I was asleep for most of it. I said I enjoyed the part I saw.
Marsha realized her diamond ring had fallen off. She and her friends dug through the sand around them. Marsha found her ring in the sand by the picnic basket.
She kept calling for it. But she couldn't find it. Finally her neighbor bought it back.
He asked if he can get a drink. When Jerry refused, he got punched in the face. The man took his credit card and withdrew all of his money.
He would go down it over and over again. After spending all day sliding, Benny was tired. He went down one more time, then went home to nap.
Grandma took the kids to the Humane Society. They kids fell in love with a cat. Mom and Dad had a big surprise when they got home.
He sat and chatted with her. She was feeling better. He hoped she'd be released soon.
One day there was a block of cheese waiting for him outside his home. The mouse felt such joy that he proceeded to eat without hesitation. To his dismay it was his last attempt, for it was a deadly trap.
He got some ice cubes out and put them in his shirt. He was instantly cooled off. What a relief!
Heather's house full of teenagers left the dishes dirty in the sink. She asked her oldest daughter to get them done before she left. Hailey did the dishes for her mother before they left for the day.
Woody's woman became angry and told him to move out! So he packed his bags and drove back to Michigan where he was from. Now Woody has a broken heart and cries every day.
When Larry tried to use his coffee machine, it stopped working. After calling the store, the repair man came to fix the machine. The coffee machine started pouring coffee after it was fixed.
She finally found the perfect public display. She bought a flag and put in on her lawn! Anna loved seeing her country's flag every day!
One day, they decided that they were too busy to go. Dexter was sad and didn't want to hike by himself. His older brother, Marcus, offered to go along with him.
They went to the dealership and looked around. After looking for hours, they decided on a Mustang. Jacob was excited and thanked his parents profusely.
Delilah's stitches got messed up. The baby blanket was accidentally a long rectangle. Delilah turned her knitting project into a scarf instead.
Joe and his friends decided to meet at a sports bar. The sports bar was showing the game. Joe and his friends watched the game at the sports bar.
Two weeks later she still was not done. She had fifty pages left. When the power went out that gave her an excuse to finish it.
Bill wanted to take it on camping trips. He used the internet to search for reviews and videos. Bill made an informed purchase.
His lawyer told him that a plea deal would be his only chance. Marcus decided to agree to it. He was forced to spend ten months on probation.
One day johnny was listening to his favorite song. He had the volume up as loud as it would go. Johnny didn't see a truck that hit him and sent him to the hospital.
I thought it would be fun for him to feed a Giraffe. He approached the Giraffe with food in his hand. The Giraffe stuck out his gross tongue and my son screamed!
He took some scissors, and cut the strings of several airborne kites. He laughed heartily as the kites sailed into oblivion. Kevin was escorted out of the park by the festival security guards.
The speakers were really interesting. I felt like I really learned a lot today. I hope to go again next year.
Sometimes she would peek through his windows. Jen knew she should get a grip, but she just couldn't. She was determined to win her ex back.
He had finally convinced his mom to take him. They arrived at the big top and sat down. Bernie had a wonderful time at the circus with his mom.
She wanted to take a beach vacation with her friends for graduation. She needed $480 to be able to go. She was thrilled when she counted the last penny and had almost $700!
Finally she gave her namesake a nibble. But she was in for a shock. Brie ended up loving brie cheese!
She would jump from high trees and roll on the ground when landing. One day she attempted to jump between two high buildings. She didn't make it, she fell and broke both legs, never to walk again.
He fell down the stairs. His arms and legs hurt. He ended up going to the doctor.
Bailey's hot dog fell on the floor. Francine cut her hot dog in half. She gave half of her hot dog to Bailey.
He was very disappointed with the announcement. He decided to watch the opening bands and try to have fun. Jim left disappointed, but he still had a good time at the concert.
The dad boarded the window up. The mom swept the glass up. They all peered outside to figure out what had happened.
She told him that it was not how it worked. She gave him a blanket to cover his body. And the man said he was sorry, he thought she was like a doctor.
In order to end class, he touched the fire alarm. The entire school had to evacuate the building. Quincy was eventually suspended from school.
He knitted a new cushion from the yarn. He then filled the yarn with the cotton. The new cushions looked and felt much better than the old ones.
The dog sniffed it. The dog went inside it and slept. The dog liked its new dog house.
She was very curious and decided to go check it out. Unfortunately, the floor gave out underneath her and she was injured. Lucy is still interested in old buildings, but now she is more careful.
That afternoon, she heard a knock on her door. Isabel's husband, Alan, had brought her chicken soup. He told her that he hopes she gets well soon.
It was delicious! He ate the whole wedge. Nathan decided he would try other cheeses as well.
Everyone laughed because hopscotch isn't very violent. The kid made some new friends over it. Everyone brought it up around him from then on.
Aaron ran outside to catch the bus. He forgot to take his jacket. Aaron was cold for the rest of the day.
She did not want to go to bed. She wanted to stay up. So she whined for the rest of the night.
They showed their tickets to the front. But the tickets were fake. They went away feeling sad.
Suddenly she realized that she was about to be late for her test. By the time she made it to the facility, she was too late. She had to reschedule her test and wait months longer for her results.
After 1,000 licks, he was tired. His mouth was so sore. He tried to talk but his tongue was numb.
When she moved into her own home, she headed right for the kitchen. But the jelly wouldn't set properly, and just didn't taste as good. She ruefully acknowledged she was no Gram when it came to jelly.
At first, the store clerk wouldn't accept her return. Luckily, she was able to convince them with some arguing. She ended up picking out a nice dress instead.
The boy stared up at the sky and looked at them. They were amazing! He loved learning about the constellations.
Rachel let her friends know she was ready. Her friends didn't want to leave. Rachel left without her friends.
Her cat always watches her do the exercises. Today the cat watched from the hallway. I told my wife the cat loves her totally.
Sally was terrified to cross that bridge. Sally planned an alternate route. Sally passed a different way and didn't have to cross the bridge.
Mary applied for a study-abroad scholarship. Mary didn't win the scholarship. She still wants to go to France.
Then she saw how expensive clothes were there! Anna sadly realized she could not afford mall clothes. She had to go shopping at the department store instead.
After walking for almost three miles, he finally found a store. The manager allowed Joshua to entire the store though it was early. Now, Joshua was able to watch a lot of videos on his phone.
The helicopter took her over waterfalls and mountains. It was an amazing way to see the scenery! Natalie was happy that she had finally experienced a helicopter.
His mother was repulsed, and thought it was little better than a rat. The squirrel recovered, and Tony looked forward to training him. But he got home to find his mother had evicted the recovered animal.
Betty became stressed by the question. She refused to answer and threw a tantrum. Betty's family ate sandwiches at home instead.
Every time she closed her eyes, she saw a monster. She tossed and turned all night. In the morning, she felt terrible.
Fred angrily threw a ball through the bosses window. The boss smiled and said he wasn't being let go. He just wanted to see if he could still throw as fast as he used to.
Suddenly, a large dog came out of the bushes and growled at her. Laura stood and yelled at the dog, trying to appear intimidating. The dog yelped and ran, and Laura continued her walk.
I met lots of friends and got involved in lots of activities. My sister and I learned to fish, swim and water ski. Now I can think back and will always have those beautiful memories.
Judy walked toward the exit doors. Judy dropped the blueberry container. Blueberries spilled all over the floor!
One morning she heard from a friend that someone had reviewed her. She looked up the review online as fast as she could. Luckily, the review was great and she was so thrilled.
The plane started to stall. The instructor tried to correct but it was no use. They parachuted out of the plane and landed in a dense tree.
There was a note with it that said to keep my dog out of her yard. I don't have a dog and I've never had a dog. Now I've got to figure out the best way to get back at her for this.
Linda would help with selecting certain pieces her grandmother needed. They would then in turn sale the items they found on Amazon. Linda one summer made two hundred dollars from junk sales online.
It started to rain. Dori was disappointed because she could not mow the lawn as planned. Dori put the lawn mower back in the shed.
He found a good place. Carlos drove to the store and gave them his computer. They fixed it and now Carlos is happy.
After searching all day he found nothing and went home sad. He then received a call saying someone saw his dog at the park. He went and after a long search Tom found his dog in the bushes!
They traced the shapes with a marker. Then they carefully carved them out. The put candles inside and lit them.
The nails were carefully filed and trimmed. When they were finished, the nails looked beautiful! Lisa admired her hands.
Jim went up for lunch. George and I marveled about Jim's long life. We said we hope to grow as old as Jim.
Inside the sub, Kip found the cabin was very cramped and crowded. He felt claustrophobic, had a panic attack, and bolted from the sub. Kip decided that the life of a submariner was not for him.
He was unsure if the ball was actually coming to him. Billy closed his eyes and held out his glove. The ball landed right in his glove and the game was won.
She said everything hangs now, even her lady parts. Then she looked up at me and asked if they could fix that, too. I think my mom is going to become addicted to surgery.
Then she met a handsome Saudi man who courted her delicately. She soon agreed to marriage - before he revealed his secret. Aya's Saudi lover was a crown prince, and very rich!
Not wanting to own up to it, I said I heard it too. We spent the next 20 minutes looking for the cat. Now she's telling everyone about a cat in the break room.
She didn't like seeing that clutter, so she bought a dust ruffle. Heidi liked having that junk hidden away. She felt much more organized after that change.
He called the chef over and complained. The chef gave him a free meal to satisfy him. Now Roy has a full meal of good food to eat.
Then they ate some of Jessica's mom's homemade pie. Jessica's friend Gavin stuck her head in it. Jessica wiped pie in Gavin's face playfully.
He ask his friend who was a cook some advice. He then tried the modified recipe. Tom's new casserole came out great.
She took a few lessons and practiced a lot. Soon, she was good enough to perform. She gave her first recital in the spring.
The battle was intense. One kid got a bloody nose. Everyone had fun.
Then she bought her favorite. But when she got home, she cringed. She had accidentally purchased men's cologne!
Her gloves got a leak and the acid touched her skin. It burned so badly! Pauline screamed and cried.
Carlie went outside in her driveway. She lit a sparkler. Carlie twirled around making designs with the sparkler.
They made lemonade and a sign and went outside. Many people were stopping to buy it, they made $50! The next day they took the money to the animal shelter.
Ashley was very scared but she knew that she could handle anything. Once she moved and started school she got used to the routine. She learned that moving away isn't so bad after all.
She cut up five of them for a snack. She ate it all up. Gina loved eating healthy things.
I gave in. The cheesecake was magnificent. I planned to relapse now and then in the future, but prudently.
Nita thought it over. Finally she agreed, and her paychecks grew in size - DOUBLED! Nita was proud of her savvy choice!
It had all the bells and whistles. He installed some games on it and started playing. The computer was so much fun!
Using the internet, Maggie found similar stories of other people too. She spent the next hour learning about different feral children. By the end, Maggie was an expert on the topic.
One said she must have been the wife of Noah. The other classmate agreed with him. We're in college and this is what people truly believe.
Her husband bought her something else. They argued over the present. Justine apologized after she thought about it.
So Michelle's mom bought a new tutu. Michelle gave her old tutu to the dog. And Michelle got to keep the new tutu.
He attempted to ride through the mud. The four wheeler began to sink down into the mud. Ricky had to get his friends to pull his four wheeler out of the mud.
Miles was scared it was a snake. Miles swam back to the shore. He jumped out of the lake and stayed out.
They all came except for 2. They gave her presents. She had a good time.
Tony got out of bed. He got a battery out of the kitchen drawer. Tony replaced the battery in the smoke detector.
Cody knew he needed to bring up his grades. He began to study and work harder. Cody's grades slowly began to rise.
I could barely function. I had to drink coffee. Thankfully that helped.
When she got home, she was excited to see it. When she stuck her hand in the water, she said it feels slimy. She refused to get in and I enjoyed the romantic bath alone.
No matter how much he tried, he never got better. He went to his Saturday baseball game feeling hopeless. When it was his turn to bat, he knocked it out of the park!
It looked dirty and worn to him. After hesitating, Gary tapped the vase with his finger. The vase shattered into a pile of shards.
Based on the competition policies, he had to be banned. The man got out of the water and started to cry. His parents came down to comfort him.
For her birthday, her friends surprised her. They brought her to a bridge so she could do some body jumping. She was scared but did it to please them.
Ecstatic, I called my husband to let him know. As soon as I hung up, my doctor called me again. There was a clerical error and I'm not pregnant after all.
He signed up for lessons and bought golf shoes. He did very well in his first lesson! Mel was eager to improve each week.
Tony didn't have any children. He had no use for the books. Tony donated the books to a local school.
Abby brought her an apple to start her year off well. The teacher smiled and said that she appreciated it. Abby was happy she had been so kind.
Everyone was satisfied with her purchases. They put the first aid kit in the bathroom. They brought it with them on trips from then on.
Everyone laughed. He actually ended up winning some of the games. He was very proud of himself.
It was heavy, but she lugged it home. Just before she got there, she dropped it! The water splashed all over.
She was afraid of thunderstorms. I decided not to sit on the chair, but sat on the sofa. I did not want to scare the cat.
She added in some pumpkins and gourds. Fall decorations were her favorite! Her house looked dressed for the season.
They splashed and dug and played all day. It was a great time spent with their family. They watched the sun set over the ocean.
He threw his line out. Then a bite came on the line. Next thing he knew there was a giant marlin in their boat!
One day, she smelled smoke on his clothes. She confronted Ed about his smoking and he confessed. Ed tried hard to quit and was eventually successful.
It was free for Cambridge residents. He went to the CPL and got a library card. He used the card to declare residency and get to play golf for free.
Now that he has it, he spends almost every night. I asked him why one morning and he said it's because I'm closer. Staying with me saves him money on gas.
Finally, she delivered the baby. Suddenly, she realized she was still feeling the urge to push. She gave birth to a completely surprising second baby.
An iron pan got caught in the air. It landed on Cassie. She fell on the ground since she was knocked unconscious.
He fell down and broke his leg. The ambulance came to help him. He got a cast and some crutches.
She even tried taken her mind of the traffic by counting clouds. The counting grew boring Regina became more upset. Regina calmed herself by thinking of her upcoming vacation plans.
This is the effect she had on strangers, friends and family alike. Betty was aware that she was very liked, she never grew tired of it. She held on to her friends very close, for she knew how lucky she was.
He killed and killed until he was an old man. One day while laying in his resting bed dying, he saw a man. It was his son, whom he never met or had to chance to love.
There are several apps to track bus arrival times. I used Open T to tell her the bus will be here in two minutes. She thanked me and moved toward the bus stop.
Elizabeth put a stamp in the corner of the post card. Elizabeth and her mom walked to the big blue mailbox. They mailed the postcard to Elizabeth's grandma.
Mary and her family ran out to play in the snow. Mary's brother hit her in the face with a snowball. Mary screamed and ran inside the warm house.
Turns out the kid had filled the balloons with Liquid Ass. I couldn't get the smell out and I had no time to change. People on the bus wouldn't sit near me because I smelled so bad.
A bottle rocket that Brent had launched landed on a neighbor's roof. The roof caught fire, and the neighbor's house was destroyed. Brent was upset, and felt that he deserved to be punished.
Some of her hair got caught inside of the blender. When she turned it on, her hair got mixed with the vegetables. Some strands fell out and they got ruined.
She gathered her friends up and they threw the ball. They played for hours. Carly was happy she had bought the fun new ball.
He tried a few, but could never open them. Finally, a girl stopped to help him. He was thankful he had found the right locket.
They couldn't get the radio out of the car, though. So now I have a broken window and trashed car. And the thief didn't even take anything.
She didn't think her parents would find out, but they did. Her dad was very upset with her, and sought some creative punishment. The next semester, he made Miley take a philosophy course in ethics.
By the time I was finished, my knees were dirty and sore. When I went home, my roommate asked me about my day. Without thinking I said, "My boss had me on my knees all day."
The stranger had no lighter so he asked the man for his. The man grabbed the stranger's cigarette and lit it with his cigar. The two men smoked in peaceful silence until they were done.
As she walked to retrieve the ball, an alligator showed up. He walked near the ball and swallowed it. Elizabeth looked on in shock and decided to call it a day.
Jennifer, will you marry me, it said. Jennifer jumped up excitedly and said yes! The boyfriend apologized and said it was for another Jennifer.
The cut wouldn't stop bleeding, so we went to the hospital. I ended up needing three stitches to keep the gash closed. Meanwhile, my husband and doctor were both laughing the whole time.
Laura then ran into her friend, Katherine. Katherine held a bottle of water and was known to have a sweet tooth. The two friends decided to trade their items.
I walked to the bathroom near the ferry. It was a mile walk. By the time I came back I was ready to pass out I was so tired.
Flattered, she went to her state finals. And there, she again came in second place! Ida was grateful and thrilled!
They loaded up the cart with folders and crayons and pencils. The total was over $200. Angie was glad they had gotten it out of the way.
Dora picked the zucchinis. She brought them inside. Dora looked up recipes for zucchini bread to use all of them up.
Drew was shocked because he had never dunked before. Drew smiled triumphantly, but everyone else started to laugh. They had lowered the rim by a foot prior to playing.
After two days, she finally saw a hummingbird with a shiny green head. Anne was so excited she yelled. Her loud yell scared the hummingbird away.
The coins were worth a few dollars! She put them in her piggy bank. Jenna was pleased that she'd found money.
She thought that people would mock her hijab. But to her surprise, no one even seemed to notice. Naya was relieved to not be a target!
They congratulated him as they smoked them. It was a special time for Chris. He was finally a dad!
When she saw it, she cried. She couldn't wait to push her baby around in it! It was a very thoughtful gift.
One day he ran out of coffee and was forced to drink tea. To his surprise he actually liked the tea almost as much as coffee. Now he says his favorite drinks are coffee and tea.
He jumped and shot off in the distance. A cow fell over in a grassy field. Malcolm felt terrible for shooting the cow.
The hot broth made him feel better. Soon, he was healthy again. He credited his girlfriend's soup with making him recover.
Joe said he had a long two hour commute home and was exhausted. He said that was why he lost. I jokingly said he always has an excuse for losing.
She started bleeding and she ran inside to get a bandaid. There were no bandages so she wrapped her finger in duct tape. Her children laughed at her funny appearance.
The ducks all swam over. One little duck that was all white was her favorite. She named the little duck Bob.
They played some Valentine's Day games. Then they danced. It was a great party!
Mother said the puppy was confused about day and night. I tried to keep the puppy awake during the day with playtime. But, she still whined all night.
She wished it could last all summer. Tina got an idea about starting a cheerleader camp. She eventually started her own cheerleader camp that last beyond May.
He makes a choice. He leaves his kids. He moves away from them never to be seen again.
Yesterday, she admitted she'd ground me for no reason sometimes. She told me this when she was drunk out of her mind. Now this morning she doesn't remember saying it.
Kara saw smoke coming under her bedroom door. Kara escaped out the window. Kara heard sirens from the fire truck approaching her house.
It seemed like it was going to be a good day. Suddenly, Robert heard a popping noise and began to sink. His inner tube had deflated.
Bart apologized, but the woman wouldn't listen. She took him by the hand and led him to the police. The police officer told her to leave him alone.
Michael sought a challenge and offered to face Gerald. With one clever trick, Gerald outmaneuvered Michael. Laughing about it afterward, the two went out for food.
When they got to their hotel they napped for half a day. Then they took a bus tour to see Niagara Falls. There was so much static in the air Marie's hair stood straight up!
The judge started to eat the stake. When he flipped the steak over, he was furious since it was raw. He dragged the plate away.
They decided to play a game to entertain themselves. They went to the game cabinet and picked the most exciting game. They had fun for hours with it.
Mark swung as hard as he could. He hit the ball but lost control of the bat too. No fielder dared catch the ball for fear of being struck by the bat.
Jimmy hit the ball hard to the right. The outfielder could not grab the ball. Jimmy ended up getting an RBI.
He liked to pass the time swimming around. Visitors would throw little fish to him. The penguin's life was very good.
His coach told him not to play like that. He kept playing like that regardless. And he got kicked off a game.
The woman in front of her picked up a pizza slice, then returned it. Casey was disgusted. She didn't like eating at buffets after that.
Carrie's mom walked in and shrieked. Carrie's mom drove Carrie to the salon. Carrie got her first salon haircut.
Sure enough, she found the perfect job in under a week. She was hired to work as a professional cliff diver! Anna had the ideal job - and she loved her life!
The power suddenly goes off. Jill turns on the flashlight and heads to the breaker box. Jill hears a loud bang in her basement and quickly leaves.
The hardest part of training was the swimming. On race day he was very nervous. The race was very difficult but he felt a great sense of achievement.
Humphrey said his kids did not need to play, they needed to study. While Humphrey was gone the nanny made playclothes for the kids. When Humphrey came back he laughed at their funny outfits.
A squirrel was huddled up in the back corner by the logs. Steve coaxed the squirrel out with some peanuts. Steve let the squirrel go outside in his backyard.
John joined a local chess club. John began to rise in the ranks of the club and in his region. Today, John is one of the world's top chess players.
They had a good time swimming. They stopped for lunch. They got lunch at the snack counter.
He got the drugs from them. He made a lot of money selling drugs. But he was caught and sent to jail.
Despite his best efforts, it always ended up looking silly. After several tries, Dan almost gave up until he realized something. Silly pumpkins were better because they wouldn't scare away the kids!
A small child ran in front of Dina. Dina began to stumble. She dropped the drinks all over the floor.
The doctor looked in her ears with an otoscope. The doctor informed Monica she had an ear infection. The doctor wrote Monica a prescription for antibiotics.
Yesterday a member asked me to proofread a letter. I happily complied. I said I could not fund raise, but would help out by proofreading.
The ladder fell and landed in the tree. Since no one was outside, I didn't know what to do. My wife eventually found me after a few hours.
She said her latest CT scan showed her lungs were ok. Yet she still used an inhaler, and I was skeptical. Now she has a cough that will not stop.
The teacher did not like this and called her parents. Her parents were very mad and grounded her for a month. Now, Mary does not have any glitter.
It was so spicy. Her mouth was on fire. So she had to drink a liter of water until it felt better.
She loved them, but they were too expensive. She decided not to buy them. She was so thrilled when her mom gave them to her for Christmas!
The wind was blowing fiercely that day. Felipe's tent kept blowing over each time they set it up. Finally, the family had to give up and head home.
Donald waited in line for three days to meet the president. After Donald met the president, he went home to rest. Donald  was able to have a good night's rest after meeting the president.
Her favorite was the story of Cinderella. She would cheer when the prince put the shoe on the heroine's foot. That night she dreamed of being a princess in a fairy tale.
Dana was embarrassed of the truck. She told her grandfather to park a block down the road. Dana walked the rest of the way to school.
She stopped taking care of herself. Eventually, her friends made an intervention for her. They were all very supportive and Barbara felt a lot better.
One day, he mixed the wrong ingredients together. The whole garage blew-up. Gerold died, but his invention was sought after by the government.
Donna searched for seashells. Donna found a handful of large shells for Scott. When Scott returned to Donna, he was happy with the shells she had.
Arthur put down his book and answered. It was Jehovah's Witnesses. Arthur explained it was 10 pm, and closed the door.
Gina layered the fabric on soft batting. She stitched everything together to make a quilt. Gina gave the quilt to her niece as a birthday gift.
Hannah watched some online tutorials about sewing. Hannah practiced what she learned on the tutorials. She embroidered a set of four beautiful towels for her sister.
However, she constantly had to go to the bathroom every hour. She became extremely tired and decided to miss school. All she did was slept all day and drunk a lot of water.
Nothing happened! The dryer was broken. Tony had to hang his clothes on the clothesline.
They wanted to get her to exercise. They took a photo of her on the bike. We were pleased.
Today that record was broken when someone threw up four times. That person was me. So much for that record.
He brought it home and put posters around his neighborhood. At night, the owner of the dog called to come and pick the dog. When the dog had left, John felt good about himself for helping.
Danny told his kids to get in the car. He brought his kids to a restaurant. The kids were excited to eat out.
She scooped up the soup with it. Just as she went to pour it into the bowl, she dropped the ladle. The soup splattered everywhere.
She let him get a hermit crab. The crab was silly and fun to play with. Paul was happy that he finally had a pet.
My mom would check me out of school to go. She would take me out to eat. In a few months my tooth was straight.
She moved to a new town. Then they grew up. So she went back to work.
The airline had overbooked the flight. They asked for volunteers to stay in Hawaii an extra day. Sal and his wife were happy to volunteer!
His wife was annoyed with the television  being on. She began giving Leroy melatonin before bed. After melatonin Leroy slept like a baby.
Robert wondered why it didn't seem to be working. He looked at the bottle. He had taken some multivitamins by accident.
He ended up telling her he forgot. She did not mind. They went to a restaurant.
But she had not seen any whales at all. Then, as if on cue, two whales jumped right past the boat! Anna smiled with delight.
The security guard demanded she pay the expenses. Gemini paid the fee. When her friends asked, she said she was robbed instead.
Shelly talked the whole time about her ex-boyfriends. Liam noticed Shelly had a piece of food stuck to her front tooth. Liam never told Shelly about the food.
He kept humming the song for weeks on end. After a couple of weeks, Greg heard another popular song. Now that song's stuck in his head.
Tom decided to fishing by himself instead. Tom saw a gigantic fish at the lake, but failed to catch it. He told his dad that night, who promised he would help next time.
People formed into a red team and a blue team. The red team won. Everyone had fun.
She needed help fixing it. Everyone thought it was funny. They had a good time that day.
The kids also needed to be carted around. I didn't make it home until after 8pm. I fell asleep right away.
They were going to uncover it when they were graduating. They couldn't wait to see how things had changed! They would wait patiently for 10 years.
Eric discovered that he found some of the magazines objectionable. Because of his values, Eric could not keep selling those magazines. Eric quit his job, and got another one selling firearms.
She even took lessons on how to produce her own art. Sally got a lot of connections from the galleries she frequently. Eventually she got her on feature at one of the art shows.
He told his parents who brought it to the store quickly. The store was able to give Roger a new shirt. Roger then wore the new shirt to school the next day.
She was very skeptical of it at first but it turned out well. All of her friends admired her new haircut a lot. When she showed her mom she said her new haircut was amazing!
He went to the doctor and he was told to stop being a clown. But as he didn't know how to do anything else he continued. Unfortunately his condition got worse and he had to stop for good.
I saw my little brother and his friends sniffing my bra. One of them was smiling and saying how warm it is. Now I can't get that image out of my head.
My cousin gave him $2000. On Monday he got $4000 back. He invested in this person for a year.
They loved sitting on the deck and watching the water. It was a very relaxing place. They were glad to finally live in the country.
Kate was so good his cousin told her she should play in a tournament. Kate signed up for it. Kate won the tournament.
I told him to call me sometime, but he gave me a strange look. Turns out he was asking which math problem I was on. I guess I can't sit next to him in class anymore.
Ten years later, he decided to contact them for a reunion. They all met for a camping trip. They had lots of fun retelling stories and seeing each other again.
He tilled the ground. He planted the seeds. Now James has lots of tomatoes!
The rocket landed on the roof. Nathan's mom got out a ladder. Nathan's mom climbed up to the roof to reach the rocket.
She grabbed it and ran. But then she began feeling guilty. Anna took the wallet right to the lost and found.
Siegfried tried to back away but the tiger swiped at him. Siegfried cried in pain. He sustained considerable wounds.
Jena found out that her job offered a gym membership. Jena began to go to the gym. She began to get into shape.
Pepper chased after her and insisted on playing. Delilah stopped running and hissed at him. Pepper pouted because Delilah didn't want to play with him.
One day the cat came up and laid a dead mouse at his feet. The cat seemed very proud of his hunting skills. Then he seemed sad when our dog ran up and ate the mouse.
They cooked tacos carne asada on the grill. They made frozen margaritas in the blender. They told stories and laughed together until late at night.
She new it would be fresh but would take longer to make. She waited for ten minutes to no avail. The employee had forgotten her rare order.
Suddenly, a bee landed on her hand. She let out a loud shriek. The librarian looked angry and hushed her.
Henry gave the cashier his credit card to pay for the food. The cashier gave Henry a receipt. A fast food employee gave Henry a bag with his food.
He checked all the wires, but nothing worked. He called a repairman who came out that day. Soon, the stove was fixed.
The couple diced, mixed, and fried until the scents blended. They plated their dinner and sat down to eat Spicy Chicken sans spice. After a taste, both coughed, eyes teared, and reached for their water.
When Ted got to work he looked down. He was wearing one red sock and one blue sock. Ted laughed at his mismatched socks.
She had no idea how to change a tire and started to cry. A car pulled up behind and the driver greeted her by name. It turned out to be someone she had worked with 10 years before.
Jim came over to his apartment one night. Ted stabbed him to death. He was arrested.
His vehicle didn't start and he freaked out! Mick called his friend Ivan and had his vehicle fixed. Mick was able to make it to work on time.
The grass was getting long. Courtney went back to her house. Walking through the grass, she suffered numerous bug bites.
The waitress brought Tess's food from the kitchen. Tess took a bite of her omelette. Cheese dripped down her chin!
However, Jones loved to leave early on Fridays to go to golfing. Although he was a good worker, his boss didn't like his Friday habit. As the result, Jones was denied an upcoming promotion.
Him and his girlfriend walked to the park. They laid on the grass and eat food and drank liquids. They had a good time.
He awoke in an operating room on the table. In panic, he jumped up thinking he was being operated on. His fellow students laughed and explained it was just a prank.
It was finally time for cheerleading tryouts. Macy was very nervous but smiled the whole time. She did such a good job she made the team!
They selected a shiny granite. It would look great next to their cabinets! They couldn't wait until their home was finished.
While driving home, the family made a schedule to plan for kitten care. Pulling into the driveway, the family noticed a box on the porch. Someone had left three more kittens for the family to care for!
Dave was told by his friends to stand up for himself. Dave confronted the bully one day at school. He beat up the bully and was never bullied again.
He looked in bookstores in the area. Jeff couldn't find the book anywhere. He finally ordered the book through an online vendor.
After a couple of hours he got lost. He begun to scream for help. Rescuers came in a couple of hours to save him.
They crept across the creaky bridge. As soon as they crossed, the bridge broke! They had no idea how they would get home.
They were all too expensive! He saved up all summer long until he could afford one. By the time school started Billy arrived in his new car!
When she arrived at the restaurant, she didn't see him. It turned out he had lied about his appearance. He was much older and bald!
My power went off for a half an hour. In the meantime, I tried to catch some sleep. When the power came on, I walked into the living room.
He raced to get a taxi. Finally home he frantically wrote his report. He sent the report in a email with only minutes to spare.
Tom was disappointed because he was supposed to meet a friend there. Later, that friend called to ask if they could meet at a gym instead. Together, they played indoor tennis and enjoyed themselves.
Another worker told Aaron's boss. Aaron's boss started to watch Aaron closely. Aaron was fired for giving away free items.
For some reason everything in this sport worked for me. I could serve perfect aces, and I always hit the ball squarely. After class I learned this sport was only for girls in high school.
Joey called his ex to see if she wanted to have dinner. She told him she was now engaged. Joey hung up the phone upset and sad.
Yesterday, she went to a new location to fish. She spent all day trying, but couldn't catch anything. Despite not catching any fish, she will return tomorrow to try again.
He also ridiculed the disadvantaged people in his class. When election day came around, Don lost by a landslide to Suzy. He learned a very important lesson about how not to win elections.
I had asked Lenell, my boss how the interview went. I had set up an interview for Brittany. Brittany needed a job.
Miranda held onto the ropes as she slid down to the ground. Miranda got a bad friction burn on both hands. Her mom brought her two ice packs to place on her hands.
Miley smiled and said three months earlier. Her baby was already born. Miley was back from maternity leave.
She took lots of landscape photos. When she developed them, she was very pleased. The photos were beautiful!
She insisted she was not tired, but she was. During the play  I noticed my mom dozing off frequently. When the play ended my mom tripped and fell down the stairs.
He decided to clean up and organize everything. And his room looked beautiful. And Sean was in a bad mood less often.
So when I push my body to perform on a machine, it pays off. My heart will start racing and my brain will rewards itself. Sure, it costs a little but mostly it's just a pay day for the brain.
When he got there, he saw there were no more! James started crying until his mom arrived. She had a cookie that she gave him and he was very happy!
On the third day Liz was there, her grandmother died. Liz was heartbroken, but she was glad she could help her family. She arranged the funeral and went home shortly after.
Everyone laughed. Mrs June ordered him a new one. Everyone had a fun day.
When it was called she laughed every time. She said I wish I was 29! Her friends wished they were 29 also.
People never told him anything for that reason. Maurice felt rejected but he stuck by his principles. He decided to change community and be with more like-minded people.
She told me to play seriously. When I did, the score was 98 to 32 in my favor. She unplugged my controller and tried to score easy points.
They had lunch at the zoo. Then they went on the merry-go-round. Sandy had a great day at the zoo.
The repairman came to Emma's house. The repairman fixed the air conditioner. Emma was able to cool the house back to a comfortable temperature.
He tried to juggle his housework and his kids. It was stressful but rewarding. Evan was happy to have a job he liked.
They came by the dumpsters, looking for things to scavenge. We nicknamed them the dumpster boys. They left a week later.
He became proficient at target shooting after a few months. Larry decided that he liked the challenge of bowhunting. On his first hunt, Larry bagged a wild javelina.
John also watched videos of inspirational speakers. After a few months, John felt more confident than ever. When John asked the girl out she said yes!
It was an engagement ring. He barely kept Sue from seeing. Bill proposed on the beach on New Year's Day.
Until, of course, I started hearing a distinct thumping noise. My heart started racing and felt like it was in my throat. With relief I realized it was my dog attempting to get an itch.
It upset her. She had to rely on her gps. It took five hours to get home.
Matthew was very hungry. He eyed a cinnamon roll with desire. The woman smiled and offered the cinnamon roll if he left.
He was very proud of this. So were the kids. Everyone thought it was cool.
He didn't realize they even made them anymore! He immediately took it to the recycling bin. What a waste of paper!
My boss related a story about the gm's refusal to lay someone off. Just today I found out the gm had to quit his current job. I forwarded the story to my old boss, who will be saddened.
So she applied a bandage and went to work. But midway through the night, she got an angry phone call. A man had found her bandage in his pizza!
Shelby finally took her final exams. She was less stressed after the exams. Her headaches subsided.
Once he found a job at the local middle school, right away. He quickly set up his classroom and was excited to meet students. Juan's dream had finally come true as he opened his classroom doors.
He issued his ruling against the defendant. The prosecution was pleased with the outcome. It had been a tough battle.
Timothy confronted him and said what is his problem. The korean smiled and said that Timothy went to school with his son. Timothy felt guilty for judging koreans for being racist.
Isabel tolerated this, but she wasn't happy about the situation. Then Isabel's father decided to marry the younger woman. This was the final straw, and Isabel no longer talks to her father.
He took a job at the gas company and worked there twenty years. His daughter posted some of his old drawings online. A comics publisher contacted her, and Hal got a job as an illustrator.
Soon, the fire began to die down. Cassandra went to retrieve some firewood. She fed the flame and soon the bonfire was at full strength.
We went to the park and I walked with her while she played. She caught her first Pokemon and then she wanted to catch more. Now we share an activity that lets us both get some exercise.
Christine was mortified and offended. She slapped Artie. Artie now keeps his guesses to himself.
At 7:15 pm they ordered a pepperoni pizza. After dinner they watched funny cat videos. They stayed up until after midnight laughing at funny videos online.
I asked her what was wrong and she said the cake was wrong. She wanted it just like the cake in the display, which is faded. I explained to her the cake had been there for a month.
They stayed up all night playing it. It was a fun new game! They beat it after 10 hours of playing.
It was at the wheel. All the sudden the car flipped over. Tina felt like she learnt a lesson.
She snuggled under it while she watched a movie. It was so soft! Fran was finally warm and comfortable.
The mother promised the little girl chocolate if she had no cavities. That day, the dentist found no cavities in the girl's teeth. Happily, the girl and her mother returned to the store for the candy.
I sounded as if something horrible had happened. She was just lying in bed sound asleep. It must have just been a nightmare.
He heads down to the track. He puts all of his money on a horse. He loses his whole paycheck.
One night Katie was cooking spaghetti on the wood stove. The stove caught on fire and eventually so did the whole cabin. Katie made it safely outside without getting burned.
They drove for a few hours and then set up camp. The scenery was stunning. It was a relaxing trip.
George first had to prove his responsibility by caring for a plant. The plant he acquired was a small plumeria tree. It withered within a few months and George sadly accepted his fate.
Janice celebrated by taking a vacation to Paris. She ate escargot and frog legs at a fancy restaurant. On her last night of vacation Janice went to the Eiffel Tower.
Marty went to the home improvement store with his sister. He helped her pick out a style within her budget. Marty designed a countertop his sister loved.
He stopped for gas and a found a restaurant at the gas station. It turned out to be a casual, but fine, french restaurant. It was the best meal that he could ever remember.
A few minutes later they took out a man in his 40s. He said he dropped a knife into his foot. I wished him good luck.
On Facebook, he started talking to an old classmate. They met for coffee and she consoled him. After a few months, they began dating.
One day, however, Susan was pushed by a mean older student. When Susan began to cry, a student named Jill came to comfort her. Because of Jill's kindness that day, Susan never bullied others again.
Her skin brushed against many plants. Later she became very itchy. She realized she had walked through poison ivy.
Peter started to get tired of driving Sam around. Peter began to make Sam give him gas money. Sam stopped asking Peter for rides.
They made dozens of them. They wore them proudly. They felt special with their bracelets on!
A large tree branch fell on top of Rick's car. The branch was so big and heavy Rick couldn't open his doors. Rick called 911 and told the operator he was trapped!
He checked under his bed. Matthew even went into the bathroom to find his watch. His mother found the watch inside his backpack.
However, Benny tried to mess around with her. He pushed her on the ground. Since her hair fell on the sand, her parents had to cut most of it off.
I politely declined because I wasn't interested in him. He took this as an affront and got very angry at me. He stormed out of class and called me a friend-zoning bitch.
Harry decided that his boss wasn't paying him enough. He arranged a strike to get higher wages. Harry's boss was very upset but gave him higher wages.
The car hit Ava as it crashed through the woods and onto the trail. Ava bumped her head on a tree. An ambulance drove Ava to the hospital.
With no money to afford a car, she knew biking would be necessary. She convinced herself it would be easy as she purchased a large bike. As she fell for the 4th time, she knew she had been wrong.
At first, Peter stayed away from the puppy. Then, one night, the puppy laid by Peter's feet as he slept. The puppy was so cute that Peter forgot his fear forever.
He also wanted to go on the water slide. When he went on it someone else wanted to go on it. He had to learn to share.
They entered their best one in a competition. It won for its ability to solve problems. The team was proud of their accomplishment.
He practiced everyday for a month. Bill finally had his first game. He hit a homerun!
I took down some spices. I mixed them with meat, vegetables, and pasta. Then I ate my lunch!
Todd did a good job painting the barn. His neighbor paid him well. Todd used the money to buy dinner for him and his wife.
Jay woke his wife who was alarmed and drove him to the emergency room. The hospital ran a battery of tests and diagnosed Jay with gallstones. He was admitted for pain control and gallbladder removal surgery.
It is his lucky stuffed bear. He finds money when he has it. He uses it to help him pass tests.
The doctor asked him questions. Then he drew some blood. Paul was anxious for the results.
The priest took him into the confessional. Christian confessed all his darkest thoughts. After listening, the priest told him there was no hope for him.
Opening the door, I bent down to look into the eyes of a stranger! A huge raccoon moaned with pleasure as it scoffed down Meow Mix. When I heard the scratching the following night, I stayed in bed!
His friends made fun of him but he didn't care. He loved all the space he had! He drove his van around proudly.
He had a two strikes and two balls. The pitcher prepared to throw the ball. Tom hit a homerun to win the game.
On the day of the talent show he went on stage first. Nick sang the song perfectly. The crowd clapped loudly and gave a standing ovation.
Sarah went down the side. When Sarah jumped off, her clothes were wet. The rain from the night before had gotten on Sarah.
She sulked and said she didn't like cats. Amelia refused to play with it or entertained it. A month later, her father bought a dog and she got what she wanted.
She created a book club for kids. She also read to them on weekends. And when she went back home, she always had a good book to read.
Everyone else's grandparents were visiting the school. One of the grandmothers felt bad for Jim. She told him she would be his grandmother for the day.
To make him quiet, they decided to take him there. Benny started to cry when the roller coaster moved. It was fast-moving and had multiple sharp turns.
Henry went to buy food with some of the money. However, the cashier noticed that the money was fake. As soon as Henry found out, he tried to look for the buyer.
His one escape from this was riding horses, which he was good at. For years, he devoted all of his energy to becoming a good rider. Because of his size, he was able to become a successful jockey.
Yet our cat went under the bed. Later that night the news reported a low pressure front was coming. We were amazed.
However, the last offers were at high costs. My maximum offer was $40,000, until a man offered $45,000 dollars. Although I would have to take car loan, I offered $47,500 dollars.
He set up camp and left all his food in his tent to go for a hike. He returned from the hike and discovered that all his food was gone. He had to end his camping trip early so he could get something to eat.
Her mom signed her up for nursing classes without asking her. Marge went to the classes, getting her own apartment mid-semester. Once away from her mom, she applied to the police academy.
When Laura had her first ultrasound they saw twins! Laura and Nick joked that they ended up with a three-for-one special. They named the twins Charlotte and Carson.
Lucy looked at the necklace and noticed small lettering in the jewel. She read it and it said sic semper tyrannis. Lucy decided she wasn't comfortable with the strange necklace.
Ray raced to his shed to get word to fix it. He spent the whole day trying to fix his roof. In the end he was able to stop it from collapsing.
She bought all the ingredients. She followed the directions. Her fried chicken ended up burning to a crisp and they ordered out.
At work she pretended not to like it. Then she overheard other co workers talking about it. Jane was more open about it from there on out.
He put meat and cheese on each one. Then he added mustard. Soon, he was finished with many sandwiches.
Suddenly just before the wick burned up, the rocket tipped over. The firework shot into the bushes. A huge fire was started, so Sean and his friends ran away.
He stopped to greet her. As she smiled, he offered her some of his water. But as he did so, the water spurted out and covered them both.
One day Ally's mom surprised her with a trip to the zoo. While they were there they saw all of her favorite animals. Ally was so happy at the end of the day.
He couldn't wait for them to bloom in the spring! He waited impatiently all winter. When spring hit, the beautiful blooms burst from the ground!
Jim wished he could erase all his memories of her. However, he realized there were good times as well. He decided forgetting even the bad memories was not worth it.
He continued doing this until his pockets were full. Art could feel the suspicion of the store manager on him. When the manager was distracted, Art ran for the door.
Danielle went into the mail counter. She paid for postage to send the box to Canada. The postal employee handed Danielle a receipt.
She practiced for many hours. During her performance she played flawlessly. She then smiled in happiness.
Bernie heard the tornado sirens go off. He went inside to the basement. Bernie waited for the sirens to stop.
One night she couldn't sleep and got out of bed and started cleaning. It was midnight and to her surprise she enjoyed cleaning at that hour. Now Angie cleans her home every night at midnight and enjoys it a lot.
After the timer went off Valerie took the turkey out. The turkey was golden brown and beautiful. Valerie's uncle carved the turkey for everyone to eat.
Simon and his mom walked into the barn. They saw an enclosure on the ground with a heating lamp on top. Simon and his mom saw lots of baby chicks in there!
When he got home, his parents pounced. He was struck and berated. Niles vowed to do much better next semester!
He was waiting a long time for it. He stood in line for six hours. Finally he was able to buy one.
She could not find any synagogues to attend. Finally she had a private conversation with God. She decided God would understand her missing synagogue for a semester.
He was taking all the cold medicine that he could find. George could feel himself getting better. One morning he woke up and felt 100% better.
When he was eighteen, he got hired to be a roadie for a band. He toured the country, never thinking of her once. To this day, Diane says he was a rotten kid.
She decided to try it by using a facial scrub daily. In a few weeks she saw an improvement. In three months her acne was entirely gone!
The teacher called a conference with his parents. His parents decided to ground Kenneth. Kenneth learned that cheating is very bad.
She hoped that the snow would not melt while she was at school. There was still snow on the ground when Hannah came home. She didn't let homework keep her from building a snowman.
One afternoon, though, she forgot to wash it off. Her mom and dad caught her wearing a full face of makeup! Naya was grounded for a month!
Amanda got all their friends involved. They surprised her when she came back from work. She was so happy she cried.
Bill had a lot of repairs to do around the house. Bill used his time off to make the repairs around the house. The house was in good shape when Bill returned to work.
Regis looked outside the front door and found the trampoline. It had blown all the way down the block and was in a tree. Regis couldn't believe how far it had gone.
He asked them why his people were contracting Ebola. Then T'Pol realized something. They just needed to bury their dead instead of touching them.
I was outside, so I didn't have any pen or paper to write on. I asked the guy to call me back in five minutes and he agreed. It's been three hours and still no call from him.
She decided to ride the fastest one. Unsurprisingly this made her very sick. And she puked everywhere due to it.
He did not waste his money on snacks and sodas. When he had enough for them, he went and got them. He wore them home with pride.
Thomas ate breakfast. He brushed his teeth. Thomas went outside to wait for the school bus to pick him up.
She threw it in the wash and felt the carpet. It was soaked! She yelled at her kids for being messy.
Alvin would stop and pick up a burger on the way home from work. He ate very little of what she cooked. Alvin's wife lost weight, but he gained it.
He was so happy but didn't know how to train it. He brought the puppy to a trainer with his parents. Within a few short months, the puppy was very behaved!
She texted her husband to see if he'd like some pizza. For a minute he didn't reply before he finally responded agreeing. She picked up the pizza and happily took it home.
They reimbursed him and he had to go buy new clothes. He didn't fit into anything in the Chinese stores. Harold was very angry at the airline.
One weekend, his buddy Jared came to stay at his new house. It was nice, but it wasn't like old times anymore. That Monday, Michael started trying to make new friends.
Liz almost ran two red lights. Zoot was worried about the way Liz drove. Zoot always drove when Liz and Zoot went to dinner after that.
Kyle's parents decided to take away his computer. Kyle started to work harder in school. Kyle was allowed to use the computer again.
Sharon thought it was an alien spaceship at first. Then Sharon realized it was a blimp flying above the golf course. Sharon laughed at how silly she had been thinking it was a UFO.
She eventually pressured her into a 12 day juice cleanse. After days of the cleanse, Fiona had enough and came to a decision. It was her body, and her decision whether she dieted or not.
The girl's name was Bianca. Quinton and Bianca fell in love. They got married one year later.
He wandered inside, and a man was having sex with his wife. Marcus apologized and tried to leave. The man instead asked if he would like to join.
Frida decided to take her time. She ran out of time unfortunately. And so she failed her test.
She does not like to watch independent and foreign movies. Today I watched Slingblade while she was working. I will watch another movie on Monday.
Xavier swam underwater. He saw a colorful parrotfish. Xavier reached out to touch the fish.
Sonya told her she got the outfit at the thrift store. Ann was skeptical but visited the thrift shop. Ann was delighted in the items she found in the shop.
Guillermo went straight for it. Francisco new martial arts however. And so Guillermo got beaten up.
Jim then went up for lunch. Jim's daughter showed up and asked me if her dad was in the ambulance. She was relieved when I said no.
Tyler takes the test. Tyler aces the test. Tyler's prize ended up being a good grade.
Shawn felt that he could learn to make the website on his own. He took many web development classes to learn how. Shawn successfully put together a very nice website.
We had to run for cover. Everything was soaked. It was disappointing because we had to drive home.
Jay's mom walked in his room. There was nothing on the floor, not even his rugs. Jay's mom suspiciously opened the closet door and everything fell out!
He heaved the silvery gray, enormous fish onto the dock. It was a tuna, the largest any of us had ever seen. As a fisherman's daughter, I knew that we would have tuna for dinner.
Then he would make a whew sound. He had not realized it before. He could not stop his crazy laugh.
I asked some professional writers What Should I Do? Those professional writers said Go For It. I placed my ebook on AMAZON DOT COM and now it's a bestseller.
The skunk sprayed him with his stinky spray. Malik went home and washed himself with tomato juice. It made no difference, he smelled awful.
When Joseph got home he ate much junk food. His mother was unhappy with his unhealthy ways. She soon would only buy healthy foods.
Karen turned on her car's windshield wipers. Karen parked in the parking lot. She got her umbrella out of the back seat.
Since he was trapped, Jerry couldn't move anywhere. He ended up throwing the ball toward the back-court. The ball flew out of bounds, causing a turnover.
Angela picked out a pair and put them on. Things were so much clearer! She was thrilled to be able to read.
Mr Smith shopped for a new ladder but they cost over $300. The next weekend Mr Smith found a 40 foot ladder at a garage sale. That was the best $20 that Mr Smith ever spent.
After an hour, Franklin passed his friend. The friend had stopped to buy a popsicle and sit in the shade. Franklin persevered and won the race.
This year she tried a new pie with six different fruits. She waited nervously as the judges placed ribbons. She jumped for joy when they put the blue one by her pie at last.
Shelly started vacuuming the blades of the fan. When the vacuum touched a lightbulb the vacuum sucked it out! The light bulb had ripped from its socket and was in the vacuum.
Finally, I jokingly ask my sister if she pooped her pants. I'm not sure what's worse, the fact that I asked or that she said yes. She then proceeded not to do anything to fix it.
When she went to drain the water all of the noodles fell in the drain. Virginia picked up her phone. She ordered pizza for delivery instead.
Ted the cook asked her if her husband abused her. She told him politely to mind his own business. A week later, she and her husband moved out of town.
On television, the gymnast did a variety of flips and jumps. Sally was hypnotized by what she saw. She decided she wanted to be a gymnast as well.
Lola promised she would feed the guinea pig and clean its cage. When Lola turned 6 she got a fluffy pet guinea pig for her birthday. Lola was so excited to have a pet of her own.
I grabbed some and went to check out, The man said it was cash only. I had no cash so I had to give it back.
I put it up on Amazon for sale as used. It sold in a day, at half price. I was glad to partly recoup some of my book expenses.
It was empty now in the afternoon so he climbed the front steps. He smashed some empty bottles inside and drew on the walls. He never saw the body tucked neatly into the busted refrigerator.
One day the seas get rough, and Robbie fell into the water. The salty captain rescued him, then rebuked him. Robbie got fired when they got back to shore.
The book help her out with vocabulary and grammar usage. When she took the exam, she completed it without any difficulty. Her teacher offered her a scholarship due to her high scores.
One day he got the courage to ask his crush out on a date, she agreed. They later went to the movies and had a great time, she gave a hug. She told him the reason she agreed was because he was shy,
Then they went to Willis Tower to end their trip. The friends thought Chicago was a beautiful city. They'd had a great time with their friend!
He felt safer knowing they would deter criminals. Jack checked the cameras every day. He felt good about keeping his family safe.
My last one broke. So I got another one. But to my dismay it also broke.
His brother was a drunk and often never showed up. Rex and his wife fought about it a lot. He eventually had to close the place and go work for another mechanic.
He put the car into gear, and the car rolled away. The car rolled into traffic. The oncoming traffic swerved and a large accident resulted.
Tom tried looking in several places. He got frustrated and it was harder to find them. Tom eventually got late to work.
The guards caught him with it. They accused him of smuggling in a weapon! Soon Joe was in prison right beside his brother.
When she opened it, it played music. Tina put it on her dresser. She wanted the music box to be on display.
Kesha ran into the women's restroom. She opened a large window. Kesha left through the alleyway so she wouldn't have to see her date.
I sent a fake letter from a Vedanta Society asking her to teach yoga. She got all excited and told her mom. I confessed it was a joke, and she was good natured about it.
They watched it skeptically. When it was finished, they decided it was the worst movie they'd ever. The swore to never watch it again.
I was taking care of my drunk husband. He got up sometime in the middle of the night and peed on me. Now our couch is ruined.
Roxanne called her dog into the room. Roxanne pointed to the spider to show her dog. The dog jumped on the spider and ate it!
Finally she found the little dog asleep in an open linen closet. Kathy could hear it snoring! Kathy laughed and the dog opened one eye to look at her.
Even at 2 pm, the temperature was only 75. I was surprised when my wife came home and turned on the ac. The temperature had risen to 88 and it was very humid outside.
One day Margaret decided to ask him about his clarinet. They ended up talking for hours. Margaret decided he wasn't so strange after all.
He worked hard every day and studied with his tutor. At the math competition, he came in first place. He happily put his trophy on his shelf at home.
He camped out in the woods alone. He did not listen to the precautions given to him by his guide. Since his tent was not properly closed, her got bitten by a snake.
She tried on lots of pairs. She found the perfect pair! They looked and felt great, so she bought them.
Tom returned to find rubble. He dug through it to try and find salvageable things. Unfortunately he wasn't able to.
He bought a bunch of Che Guevara t-shirts from Hot Topic. He burned them on the lawn of his university campus. Everyone wrongly thought he was starting a protest against the school.
It was relaxing and made his muscles feel great. Rob was instantly in a better mood. Baths were Rob's new favorite way to relax.
They left for the dance in a shiny car. When they got there, Susan had such a good time. Billy and Susan really enjoyed their prom.
The lipstick opened in the dryer. It melted all over everything. Anna had to wash the entire load again!
She bought new tea cups for the occasion. When she took them out of the box, they were all broken! Patty was very upset.
Then, Jose practiced for two hours every single day. After two years, he was the best player in the school. Now no one makes fun of Jose for playing the trumpet.
When I asked why, my youngest said her dad said not to. When I pressed further, she said he said they'd get my ugly teeth. Well, I know who I won't be babysitting for anymore.
He figured it would shrink in the wash. He was right. The shirt fit Tom much better after a while.
During the audition, he forgot one of his lines. Wendell was devastated, and certain that he would not get the part. He was overjoyed when the producer called to tell him he got the role.
During boot camp, Ace had a hard time. He blamed Kip for his decision and they fought bitterly. The both stuck it out and eventually became officers.
Placed 1st in her county's beauty pageant. When she reached 19 she had a record deal as a singer. She was a massive pop icon by the age of 25.
The wind was strong that day and had blown some of the windows out! The tower was not open because of the broken windows. Avery was sad she didn't get to go in that day.
The nail technician told Alexis to pick out a nail polish color. Alexis selected a bottle of glittery blue nail polish. She left the salon with soft feet and glittery polish on her toes.
She found out she had a cavity. The dentist said he could take care of the cavity right away. Robin was glad the dentist could fix it during that same appointment.
His mom told him to go to sleep. He snuck back into the living room and played more. Max wanted to play until he beat the game.
They were excited and nervous. It would be their first year in the new school. They were anxious to see who was in their class.
Todd headed to the humane society. He found an adorable chocolate lab that needed a home. Todd ended his day with a new best friend!
She raced out of the house to go there. Finally she got there. But it was too late as everything was sold out.
Jessica went inside the bank. She handed the check to the bank teller. The bank teller cashed the check for Jessica.
He loved to sit under one and stare at the ocean. The way the leaves blew in the breeze was so relaxing! Nothing was more peaceful than a day under a palm tree.
This would basically be hour added on to his friend time each day. It made his parents excited to tell him that he could ride the bus. Special arrangements had already been made!
I went to my computer and used a search function. I found the same paper, as written by the student's wife. This student was then given an F grade and reported for plagiarism.
She loaded up her car and drove towards the coast. She was amazed at all she was seeing! Mary decided she needed to vacation more in the future.
Jerry found someone selling sushi on the street and ate it. He got very sick and had to be rushed to the hospital. The doctor warned Jerry to never eat sushi again.
He had a few cans of cat food. Out of desperation, he ate one. It was disgusting!
Outside his window, he saw a pedestrian walking past him. Michael honked his car impatiently. The traffic barely inched forward.
My father-in-law decided to make remarks about me all night. So my husband punched him to shut him up. Now I'm sitting at home alone while he's in jail for battery.
Mikey sighted the deer in with his gun. Mikey felt bad for the deer though, and couldn't pull the trigger. The deer suddenly ran away and Mikey was relieved.
She also got some copies of Vogue magazine. Then she checked out. She returned the books five weeks later.
They roller skated up and down the empty highway. Then they would eat sandwiches for lunch under a big oak tree. After lunch they would rollerskate some more.
I called the cops and tried to turn on the TV while they got there. The thieves also stole the cables out of the back of the TV. The cops didn't believe I was robbed because of what was stolen.
He ended up with a whole bag full. He put his rocks on his shelves. His friends thought it was cool.
She made a snowman with the help of her father. When they were done she played catch with snowballs. At the end of the day, she slept very fast, happy and content.
He had no title to the car. He explained he bought a house and the car was in the driveway. She told him he had to go to the police and have it declared abandoned.
He also noticed his closet was really full. Tom decided to get rid of a lot of his old clothes. It freed up a lot of closet space.
Sal said he was feeling more tired than usual. I refrained from saying maybe it was he was 99. I just said he'll probably feel better soon.
She got lots of mosquito bites. She put on lots of Benadryl when she got home. She never forgot bug spray again.
It usually meant the brakes had to be serviced. My wife brought the car in. There was only debris that needed to be cleaned out.
Just like Tanya predicted, the woman hurt him. He moved back to town, staying with their mom for a while. On Thanksgiving, Tanya and her brother sat and talked for hours.
He is going to sleep in a tent. He will go for a nature hike. He is excited.
She would be excited to get home just to be alone without a bother. One day the doctor gave her anti-anxiety pills and her ailment gone. She now had the courage to do most anything and she was happy.
She immediately developed a crush on the band's lead singer. After the show she asked him for an autograph. He complied, and Stella was overjoyed.
He was bored sitting on a chair for hours on end. So he signed up for a diving class. He spent a fabulous summer exploring under the sea.
Otis did a flip into the water. He landed on his back with a smacking noise. Otis swam to the edge of the pool to get out of the water.
His parents encouraged him to apply. So he gave it a try. But he could not get accepted, unsurprisingly.
After graduation, David opened a music store. The music store was a big success. David was pleased with his career choice in music.
The woman beckoned him closer. Jim thought this couldn't be happening. He turned around and the woman's husband punched Jim.
She mixed the lemons with water and sugar. She put the lemonade she'd made on a table. Susie finally had her lemonade stand!
He loved catching up with what the teams were doing. Frank was excited for a great season. He would sit and watch the games each Sunday.
Lucy saw one of the neighbor boys running into the garage. Lucy saw the little boy hug the dog and run away. The little boy did this every day after school!
Carla went to the store to buy a bike. She found a bike she liked and bought it. Carla began riding with her friend that day.
He went to the city to try to sell it. A large amount of people bought it. He made a lot of money.
She was always very small and wanted to be a jockey. Katrina trained very hard to be a real horse racer. She was denied because only men can be jockeys.
Carl walked up to him to introduce himself. The stranger told him to go away. He was not very friendly!
Melissa's grandpa showed her how to hold the bow. Melissa shot arrows all morning long. She got her first bullseye that day!
This would always make her scream! One day her dad taught her about bugs and she was no longer scared. From then on, she would help her brother find them.
Jason was furious. He jumped up and shoved his brother. His mother saw and punished Jason.
The USPS delivered it to my mail carrier today. When I went to pick it up, the box was already opened! It turns out, the scale works fine, but I'm not happy.
He went over his account several times. The overdraft fees amounted to hundreds. He was never able to pay it back.
He ignored his back and neck pain until it became serious. And he had to go to a chiropractor. But Bill always sat correctly afterwards.
Next the broker asked a lot of invasive questions. The broker demanded three years tax returns. Finally, her application was approved!
Sly, another of the workers, had once dreamed of being in a band. Mad he never made it, he complained about James using the printer. The boss told him to mind his own business and get back to work.
The hats were shiny and pointy. The kids all wore them and celebrated. The party hats made the party extra fun!
He finally had enough and planted several cameras near his fridge. It turned out to be his roommate taking all his pickle juice. He claimed it was for flavor to flick onto his sandwiches, it was odd.
With the money from his sale, Oscar went to the car dealership. Oscar purchased a blue convertible for a fair price. Oscar drove home in his new car.
She fell into a pit of acid. The aftermath was horrible. It left the beautiful Freda looking very bad.
Mother said we could eat out friday, if we ate tacos this whole week. On friday my father, told mom he lost his job, we ate tacos for weeks. Now as adults me and my sister with not eat tacos, ever again.
Sandra saw a fluffy gray cat and a big black dog. Sandra played with both animals. She decided to adopt the dog as her new pet.
The audience clapped when they saw their favorites arrive. They couldn't wait for the pageant to begin! The contestants changed and were prepared for the competition.
When he didn't come back immediately, I got up to go find him. I found him in the living room, stealing Ambien from his mom's purse. That told me all I need to end this relationship.
It bled an awful lot! Anna had to finish her shave very quickly. Then she hurried to apply a gauze pad to the blood.
But it was gone! She saw her big dog rounding the corner with it in his mouth. She had to serve just side dishes for Thanksgiving dinner.
Lisa called her dogs back inside. When the dogs came in they started shaking. Lisa was covered in rain water from their fur.
After some consideration, Doug knew exactly who to write about. He spent the evening writing about his hero. Doug's paper received a high mark, and his dad was very proud.
She looked at her gas gauge and realized what was wrong. She called for help and sat there and waited for a long time. Finally help arrived and Jill was able to go home.
His boyfriend pulled me aside one night. He said Jason does my makeup because he thinks I'm terrible at it. He doesn't want to be embarrassed by me when he's in public.
She found the perfect puppy for her. Vicki took the puppy home with her. They became best friends!
He decided to walk to the nearest gas station for help. On the way someone picked him up and helped him fix his car. Despite all of this, Jake wasn't late for work!
Josh informed her that it was a super tough creature named Rambo. When his grandma got there she didn't see any animals. Josh came out holding a painted rock with googly eyes.
She recalled a news story about a recall of the toy. The Fitbits had caught fire. Our daughter said she would "lose" the item.
Lindsay did well delivering her speech. Her opponent still won. Lindsay decided to try to run again next year.
They'd won the lottery and lots of people wanted to hear their story. They told them their experience about winning the fortune. The public loved hearing about the events.
Her mom let her make the pizza exactly the way she wanted it. Ellie loaded the pizza with cheese and pepperoni. It was the best pizza she had ever eaten.
Tom enjoyed his snack but it was loud. Tom didn't want to wake anybody up. He decided to eat something else instead.
The car still bumped Vincent and knocked him down. Mary's dad carried Vincent into their living room. Looking at Vincent's face, Mary knew she was in love.
The soda had plenty of fizz. There was a soda machine at the back of the store. My grandmother owned the store.
The tooth fell out at lunchtime. Max put his tooth under his pillow that night for the Tooth Fairy. When Max woke up the next morning, he found a shiny gold coin.
At the competition, Anthony cooked a delicious pizza. The judges decided Anthony's pizza to be the winner. Since that day, many people pay Anthony to cook his famous pizza.
Melinda's tire went flat. Melinda called the roadside assistance phone number. A tow truck came to Melinda and fixed her tire.
A limb had fallen on his roof. The next day, Stan was able to investigate. Luckily, the limb hadn't caused any damage.
I tried to explain my situation to the checker, but she didn't listen. She thought I was trying to steal groceries, so she called the cops. My roommate had to save me by bringing me my wallet.
The rumor circulated all over the entire school. Marty came to John and apologized for having lied about him. It was hard to do, but John decided to forgive Marty.
Nora rolled out the dough. Using a knife, Nora cut the dough into long noodle shapes. Nora cooked the noodles in a big pot of boiling water.
Jacob's team took the field and were down by one goal at halftime. Jacob played hard and was able to score two goals. His team won and were the champions.
All of a sudden a bigger dog started being too aggressive. Tim had to intervene. The other dog's owners apologized.
Proceeds would benefit childhood hunger. We each ordered a short stack and some eggs. I think this was a worthy cause.
He felt down about being laid off when he had performed very well. But Bart decided to get counseling and apply to 2 new jobs a day. After months of applying and making calls, someone at last hired Bart.
She took so many pictures! It was a truly stunning sight. Jen was in awe of the beautiful monument.
They went to the market to get all of the ingredients they needed. Once they returned home, they made the candy apples. The treats turned out delicious.
She gave them uncomfortable clothes to wear. And she fed them whatever she ate. Eventually, her cats developed diabetes and died at early ages.
Phil found it difficult, running a business. There were times he wished he was still just an employee. He kept at it and the place was more popular than before.
John noticed Dan did quite a bit of drinking during the evening. John decided he would abstain from drinking. John then drove everyone - including Dan - home safely.
Stephen did not know what to do and rushed to the hospital. The doctor said stephen would recover in 24 hours. Now Stephen is enjoying Brazil.
Today it was cooler. The cat jumped up onto the chair. She is now napping.
George's wife Lucille decided to help George with the cat tree. She did some online research about cat trees. The next week their new cat tree arrived in the mail.
Franny drove to the restaurant. She walked inside. Her best friend was also wearing a striped sweater and black pants.
Jen called her mom. Jen's mom showed up at the bus. Jen got a ride home with her mom.
So she went to the doctor to test it, She found out she was. Now she had to change her diet.
He decided he'd might like a dog, and so he went to the pet store. Once at the store, Dwayne saw a small brown puppy and fell in love. He went home that day with a new friend.
The neighbor gave them each one dollar. The girls put their money in a piggy bank. They decided to buy a card game with their money.
But that turned out not to be a problem! It was very windy and Anna almost lost the kite. But she had a wonderful time flying it!
One was composed and assigned a fun activity. The other was shaky and dripping sweat. Somehow the sweaty one got the job.
Teresa went there with her friends. They each ordered a Bloody Mary. Teresa loved how it was served with an entire cheeseburger on top!
Tim wound up chipping his tooth. It was worse than expected. He had to get it fixed by a dentist.
Kate turned on a light. Her friends jumped out from behind a couch and yelled Surprise! They had planned a surprise party for Kate's birthday.
This will be my first time there. The weather is supposed to be nice too. I am so excited to go.
He used the bottom floor as a wood workshop. He let guests sleep on the top floor. It was his biggest project since the barn.
The woman at the counter refused my passport. She says because it only has a month left on it. The trip we were supposed to take was only five days.
One day Jamie overheard her boss talking. The boss was being sexiest and Jamie confronted him. Jamie was fired on the spot for the accusations.
She hadn't cleaned out their cat litter. Tom was annoyed and asked her to do so. She reluctantly agreed.
They were all different colors and shapes. She displayed them on the porch. It made her house look so homey!
Isaac's parents called a tow truck. Isaac and his family had to ride in the tow truck to the gas station. Isaac thought it was the coolest day ever!
One evening, she decided to go shopping for an outfit in the city. She passed by the window of a store and saw a nice gown. She bought it at once, and wore it to her dance that night.
It was Friday, so her mom kept her home from school. Nita recuperated over the weekend. By Monday, she felt much better!
The tobacco spilled onto his trousers. It was hot, and Leon jumped up. Leon threw the pipe in the yard and stormed inside.
I chanced upon a jazz cd with an attractive woman on the cover. I bought it on a whim and loved the music. I go to the jazz singer's concerts all the time now.
He made her steal some things for him. He told her if she did it again, she would be off the hook. Instead, Linda went to the police.
He asked me for help the next day and I tried to help him out. After I tutored him a bit he asked the coach about the team. The coach tried him out a bit and was impressed!
I jumped out of bed and quickly dressed myself. I weaved in and out of traffic to make up time on the commute. When I arrived at work my boss had not even shown up yet.
As they drove, her contractions sped up quickly. Soon she felt the urge to push and she had to give birth in the car. Luckily, her baby was delivered safely.
It wouldn't be fixed for hours. They decided to have family time for fun. They did it under candle light and had fun.
When Lisa pulled up to it, a sensor would open the gate. She was thrilled with the new feature. Lisa felt very secure behind the gate.
She decided to get a potty chair with his favorite cartoon on it. Her son still refused to sit on the potty. She eventually got her son to use the big potty.
She put a new diaper on the baby. Eve bundled the baby up in a blanket. The baby started cooing happily.
When I got finished, I went to inspect where the rock went. I found the passenger door of my car completely shattered. The rock also managed to crack the driver's side window, too.
He saw one cross the field. He fired a shot and it fell. Jim loved deer hunting every year.
Ramona's mom found a pattern on the Internet for the Frozen dress. She used some fabric from her old prom dress to sew the dress. Ramona proudly wore her beautiful new dress for Show and Tell.
He was in NYC this past weekend. He went to see his sister and his 2 year old niece. His niece is crazy about him but was shy that day.
Teresa didn't mind the messiness but had to compromise. She did her bed every morning and cleaned her room once a week. Her mother accepted the terms and everything turned out fine.
Ryder and Sadie put the wine in their trunk. While they were driving they heard something hitting the trunk. The wine was exploding in the trunk because it was so hot!
Tom offered to buy more. He got everyone's money and went to the store. Everyone at the party was thankful.
One of the people was a somewhat famous star. I told the star how much I enjoyed his work. He rolled their eyes at me.
It creaked and moaned under his weight. He went slowly but finally made it. He was relieved to be on the other side!
She added too much salt. The husband tasted it, and said it was delicious. Turns out her husband had no taste buds.
Jay showered, got dressed and hopped into his car. As he rounded the corner he noticed a closed sign on the Burger King. Jay's morning was ruined by this sight.
They cut its hair and gave it a bath. The dog looked so much better! Dale took him home to snuggle him.
It was soon apparent it was harder than she thought. Ella eventually resorted to writing every time she needed something. The next day, Ella was glad she could talk again.
Billie's dad made her get a haircut every month. One day she told her dad about the bullying. Billie's father felt so bad he never made her cut her hair again.
Chrissy drove to the gymnasium. She checked in with her coach. Chrissy went on the floor mats to do her gymnastics routine.
Tom was flattered but knew it was wrong. He told her he was married and set boundaries. She appreciated his direct approach.
Marta asked Michael to accompany her to an awards ceremony. Michael reluctantly turned her down. Michael felt better because he had done the right thing.
Through trials and tribulations, Thomas grew into a great man. He attended the best schools, and graduated into a successful doctor. Thomas was a great example of someone that started with nothing.
His cargo was food and supplies. He drove slowly. He was relieved when he finally made it.
He'd never done that type of work before and was nervous. He soon proved to be great at it. By the end of the year, he was the top earner in the office.
He wore it to work the next day. His coworkers all complimented him. Gerald felt very confident in his new tie.
Sam changed the cat's diet. He also started feeding it less. It worked and the cat lost weight.
The radiologist got to see me a few minutes later. He gave me appropriate equipment to keep myself safe. The radiation session only lasted a couple of seconds.
Ray boarded the plane when his seat number was called. Ray got his luggage from the carousel after the flight. Ray went to the beach as soon as he arrived in Bora Bora.
Her professor asked her to submit a written excuse for her absence. Fay lied about the night of partying, and claimed she was abducted. Her professor liked her creativity, and gave her a good grade anyway.
Jim went to his bedroom closet. He found a sweater. Jim put the sweater on over his shirt.
I could not wait to hear the news either. She had got the promotion at work. We both screamed in excitement together.
Allen's back turned red because of a bad sunburn. Allen rubbed aloe vera gel on the burn. Allen's skin peeled off where it had burnt!
He went to the new gym. They had a very good deal. Chad signed up for the new gym.
On the way to the beach Jeff got a flat tire. He was scared changing the tire on the interstate but he got it fixed. Jeff realized driving comes with  responsibility as well as fun.
She chopped the vegetables and added the milk. She tasted it to be sure it was good. It was perfect!
John bought a dozen plastic spiders. John poured the spiders all over Bill's bed. John laughed so hard when he heard Bill scream at seeing the spiders.
It was very powerful. But it still had trouble keeping me cool. And I realized how much trouble it is to live in a hot climate.
They made contact and Tom waved her over. As she approached, Tom pulled out a cigarette and offered her one. Jane frowned and politely declined.
She wasn't sure if she would go to college or not. She would need to do well in high school if she wanted to go on. Dawn was determined to make high school a success.
Still, as an adult she tried to visit him a bit more often. During one visit, they happily discovered they loved the same author. It wasn't much of a relationship, but it was a start.
Aiden and Riley could not tell their bears apart. When they got home their mom found a permanent marker. She wrote each child's initial on each bear's tag to tell them apart.
She held out a cracker. The deer took the cracker. That made Layne's day.
She poured the oatmeal into dog dishes. Grandma placed the dog dishes outside. Her dogs ate the oatmeal for breakfast.
Malcolm looked away sheepishly. The teacher asked him why he wasn't happy. Malcolm informed them that he had just guessed the answers.
After the first week, he noticed that the plants were growing slowly. Going online, he bought fertilizer and other items to spur growth. After just five weeks, his garden sprouted vegetables for a month.
They tried to listen to the minister, but many were sneezing. When finally the minister was done, the sun came out. And everyone was in awe to see the light on the coffin.
He was rarely asked to join the group of friends and became sad. He stopped eating, became very ill and was fired from his job. He died without his friends being by his side when he needed the most.
One day he was followed to the spot by a friend. Soon many of his friends would spend time at the spot. Ahmed was easygoing and learned to enjoy some company while surfing.
He was up to hit. He hit a long drive. He was able to make a run and win the game.
Lisa's young daughter told her she ate the earring. Lisa brought her daughter to the ER. X-rays confirmed the earring's location and they eventually passed.
They taught him how to lift weights. His trainer encouraged him a lot. Soon, the man had lost weight and toned up!
Marla planted onions, cilantro, and tomatoes. Marla watered the garden every night. By the end of the summer Marla had enough vegetables to make salsa.
Sometimes I hear beeping. Today I found it was because cars try to pull into traffic too soon. The oncoming cars beep angrily.
She said she wanted grand-children. I told her that I plan on having kids. She gave me one look and started crying harder.
Her ring slipped off and went down the drain. Carla was frantic! She pulled apart the drain but couldn't find the ring.
When he had enough, his uncle took him to buy a board of his own. The first day he took it out on the street, he fell many times. Eventually, he got pretty good and was one of the gang.
They were both nervous. John lit up when Rita walked down the aisle and they said I do. John and Rita had a happy life after that.
She claimed our water was colder than hers, but I did not believe her. An inspection found her pipes were mixed and the water was warm. I was amazed.
Jenny ate lunch in the cafeteria with her co-workers. She went back to her desk after lunch to work some more. Jenny found her car in the parking lot at the end of the day.
Just bought the first pair of pants that looked decent. When I went home to try them on, they were too big. I've learned to alway try on pants in the store.
Ryan cast out the line. He felt a fish tugging on his fishing pole. He yanked the line and reeled in a large walleye.
I now have a twelve-year-old daughter. I am beginning to see why my parents did those things. My parents were a lot smarter than I thought they were!
He shared the donuts with the other students. They all wished him a happy birthday. Evan was happy that he had spent his birthday with his friends.
It was hard. Living in her hometown was easier. Ellen moved back home.
She decided to buy some cheap fast food. Kim got it and at it quickly. It filled her up but not in a pleasant way.
He didn't empty his lunchbox. The dirty lunchbox stayed in his room all weekend. By the time he brought it into the kitchen, it smelled horrible.
Lisa worked all night on the customer's order. The next day the phone rang. Her customer had gained all of his weight back.
The Director asked him if he would like to come up front. It was not as easy to lead a choir as he had thought. The boy was more subdued when he went back to his seat.
The mechanic checked it out. The mechanic told Paul he found the problem. The mechanic held up a piece of cardboard stuck next to the tire.
After the numbers were drawn, Edward looked at the ticket. He matched all of the numbers! Edward won the million dollar jackpot.
In a bar parking lot, he called her from a payphone. She was angry he'd called so late, but she said he could come by. He passed out in his car, waking with the morning sun.
Desperate to escape the heat, she ran to the shower. There, she turned on the cold water and jumped in. Luckily that helped her cool off completely.
She told me I was too young to be having sex and to reconsider. I'm 16 and I don't take the pills to have sex. I take them to help control my outrageous acne.
He prepared the coals and had the steak ready to cook. The steak had been cooked to perfection. Jason loved eating the steak.
Tiffany never knew she had a father until one day after work. He surprised her at her home, eager to see her. He talks about all the lies said by the makeup artist,Tiffany smiled.
However, the oil I used was bad for my health. I was sad that I might have to give up fried foods. However, a friend told me to just use olive oil instead.
Otherwise it would burn his toast. He forgot to one day. It burned part of his kitchen down.
He isn't sure if he likes broccoli. His mom says to try it, he may like it. Logan DOES like broccoli.
She got dressed and got her hair and makeup done. She felt beautiful and excited. She couldn't wait to be married!
Sarah decided to study every day until Friday. When the teacher gave the test, Sarah was ready. Sarah made an A on her exam.
While driving to school Molly began to think about seeing her friends. As soon as she got out of the car her friends greeted her with smiles. When Molly got home, she knew it was going to be a great year.
She went to the supermarket to buy a bag. They were out of stock. She settled for a bag of sweet potatoes.
He started golfing there every evening. He bought new clubs and a membership. Rob was glad he had a new play to improve his game.
Everyone was dressed in some really cool costumes. It made it very easy to mingle. I think I may throw one like it next year.
He asked them if they can help him out with Chinese. They looked at each other with a strange grin in their face. Of the kids told Jerry that he's not Chinese.
Tina got very mad. So when Allie had her party, Tina was alone. She wasn't amused.
Everyone made fun of him for it. He still sent the card anyway. He thought it was special.
A little white dog sat on her doorstep. Beatrice found the dog's owner's phone number on its tags. She called the owner and told him she found the dog.
She grabbed random things and threw them in the cart. When she got home, she wasn't sure what to cook. She had bought an assortment of junk.
However, she didn't act like herself when speaking to them. After they left, I was disappointed in her. She felt embarrassed since she acted in a bad manner.
They looked and looked but couldn't find Damien. Days had gone by and still no sign of their precious child. The parents never found their boy and learned a hard lesson.
He didn't want to clean it either. It kept getting dirtier. Eventually Tom relented and cleaned it.
I wanted to make sure I did everything right. I had wanted this job for a long time. It was a rough day.
He told them that he was lost. Jim contacted the police while Theresa comforted the boy. The police found the boy's parents and he was very relieved.
Mariana spent the next 3 months practicing all the words. The day of the bee, Mariana misspelled her first word. Mariana began to cry as her dream of winning the bee was crushed.
I forgot to press the mute button, so everyone on the call heard me. They started asking what that noise was. I lied and said someone's car had backfired in the parking lot.
One night, Bill got a call that a man had been badly hurt at a bar. All the customers said it was Bill's brother that had hurt the man. Bill had no choice but to finally lock his brother up.
His friend served pork for supper. Harold ate a decent serving of the food. He was sick all night.
My son asked her for suggestions. At her request, he got a subscription to a soap opera magazine. She was very happy.
They were obstructing his path! He tried to move them out of the way, but they wouldn't budge. Joe had to drag his canoe around them on land instead.
She asked Adelyn if she wanted to help feed the goats. Adelyn was so excited she couldn't wait to feed them. Adelyn and her aunt fed the babies with giant bottles of milk.
The horn went off and they took off. They sailed very fast. They came across the line first, far ahead of the other boats.
They walked all around the zoo looking at the animals. The little children played in the water fountains for the kids. Everyone was tired and happy when they headed back home.
Tracy called her mother. She asked her mother to buy the boy a gift. Tracy's mother brought a gift for Tracy to give the boy.
Her husband on the other hand was completely against it. She debated him for weeks before he'd ever consider it. Finally, he allowed her to try a homebirth and it went fantastically.
When we talk it is very strange. He keeps me asking me the same questions about my life. I just answer him, knowing he will ask again the next day.
Tom never found out who did it. He never got the television back. Tom had to buy a new one.
She put them in the scrapbook. She also decorated the pages. After break she decided she had done a good job.
Jill saw the bus pull away as she reached the stop. Jill ran to the street and waved her arms. The bus stopped for Jill.
Sweat came down Henry's eyes. He wiped it off with his hand and continued to walk. Eventually, Elena met up with him.
She took a nibble of one and wasn't so sure. It tasted a little spicy. She took a larger bite to get a better idea of if she liked it.
He put vanilla ice cream in a bowl. Paul poured chocolate sauce over the ice cream. Paul topped his dessert with a cherry on top.
I was choking with tears. I ordered milk and drank it. It cooled me down after awhile.
The FBI began investigating him. He knew they were on his trail. He fled to Mexico.
During the wedding, they tied large tin cans to the back of Paul's car. Paul saw this, and became so angry that he punched one of his friends. Paul spent his honeymoon in jail.
She had never experienced the death of a loved one. For quite awhile, she experienced a lot of emotions. Luckily, in time she was able to accept his death and move on.
It was a hard fall. Sam chipped his front teeth on the sidewalk. From then on people called him Chippy instead of Sam.
His favorite part was the acrobats. When Jimmy got home, he tried to do a flip on the bed. Jimmy's parents had to bring him to the doctor for a sprained ankle.
He didn't like killing deer as much. His dad knew that and never really pushed him to. Tim was glad he still got to hang out.
They joined a gym together. The practiced every night. They made the team together.
They picked their campsite and had dinner before going to sleep. They woke up to find a bear had eaten all of their trash and food. The next night, they hung their trash and food high in the trees.
They did not talk for the next 20 years. One day, Tina decided to look Tana up on Facebook. They realized that they now lived in the same town and reunited.
They went to casinos and dressed up. It was a fun trip. They couldn't wait to do it again!
Tom really didn't like the way it looked. His wife really liked it, though. They argued about it often.
He never would get one and became very sad. One day his mom took him to the local toy store. She bought him a toy dinosaur and he was very happy!
I was really nervous. And I struggled to answer certain questions. As expected, I didn't get hired.
The experiment involved baking soda and vinegar. The budding scientists liked seeing the reaction. They were all inspired to learn more about science.
She felt strange when she saw a pair of lingerie on her couch. Elena's husband came out of his room with another lady. He quickly tried to make an excuse for why she's there.
He wasn't sure if it was still good. Tom noticed a bad smell when he started cooking it. He decided not to risk it.
Annie called a taxi cab for a ride to the hospital. She was admitted to the labor and delivery ward. Annie's baby was born early the next morning.
The average cost was $100. Last week I found the same pair of shoes on Amazon for $80. I vowed to do more comparison shopping.
He did a lot of research into it. He got a good deal on a great car. Tom kept that car for several years.
The trial begins on Thursday in TN. Tim lives in Boston and flew down this week. I wished him good luck in the case.
They stood for a few minutes to look at the fish. A large fish came out of nowhere. It landed in front of the dock and almost attacked Henry.
One of the people in the car looked like her sister. Ellen stopped to get a better look. The car behind Ellen's ran into her.
He decided to trade in his brand name tablet, cell phone and laptop. He then bought generic brands electronics. Tom ended up saving a ton of money!
Tom's girlfriend never mentioned it. Eventually Tom asked about it. Apparently she had never found it.
She got me a lemon square. I made a cup of coffee and had the square. It was very tasty.
He took it with him everywhere. He called it nanni. It was his security blanket.
However, the customer only had six dollars. Benny recommended removing one item. However, the customer became furious and ran out of the store.
Upon turning around, he found that there were two dogs behind him. Putting his hand out, one nipped him on the hand. Dan turn back around, and sprinted the long way home.
Kate went down a huge hill. Kate lost control of her bike. She fell off the bike damaging it in the process.
She added some decorative touches. Her home looked very different. She was proud of her hard work!
He decided to surprise visit her at work. He dropped off food and encouragements. Jane was very pleased.
He started copy editing articles. Many of his edits were undone due to arcane community rules. Jared became discouraged and stopped volunteering his time.
They rented a van to drive to Florida. On the drive there they learned a hurricane was eminent. They decided to tour Nashville.
Sato had horrible handwriting. The teacher told Sato maybe he should find a new hobby. Sato left the classroom despondently.
I dropped the air conditioner. It scraped a line of skin off my arm as it slid to the floor. When people see the injury they think it looks like I slit my wrist.
Gabe found a rare dinosaur bone, and wrote a paper about it. The faculty of his university department were impressed with his work. After graduation, Gabe was offered a faculty position at his school.
After laying on the beach for a while  he jumped in the water. Unfortunately, he stepped on a jellyfish. Melvin spent the rest of the day at the first aid station.
Sybil turned the blender on. Yogurt and strawberries sprayed everywhere! Sybil realized she forgot to put the lid on the blender.
10 years later her daughter said she was in trouble. She owed $3K to a loan shark, and H gave her the money. Later H found out her daughter had tricked her.
Chelsea caught the lead. However, Hannah tripped her by accident. Tina ended up winning the race since the other two fell.
Amy began to lose her balance. She grabbed onto the fan blades. Amy broke the fan blades as she fell to the floor.
Everyone in Gina's school received her picture. Since the principal received the photos, he called Gina to the office. She was suspended from the college.
Albert's car slid into the curb. It was too slippery to drive. Albert spent the night in a nearby hotel.
Shannon had company over the next weekend. She thawed a freezer meal. Her guests loved eating it for dinner!
I wanted it to look cool too. It ended up looking like the batmobile. It would not have been a practical car.
All the other coworkers were there. They loved having a night out without Sal's negativity. Sal couldn't understand why he'd not been invited.
He realized how messy his apartment was. Tom decided to spend the day cleaning instead. He was a bit tired but felt accomplished.
And studying got to stressful, I went back to watching videos. In the end, I didn't study as much as I needed to. And I felt much more stressed.
It was offered at $500K. My brother was shocked, as he paid $90K for his unit in 1986. His wife is urging him to sell and move out.
Jealous, Morgan tried to trip Hugo. The teacher's saw this behavior. And Morgan got a detention.
Dan plucked the mushrooms out of the ground. He brought them home in a canvas bag. Dan ate morels for dinner that night.
But the night before, he was so excited he didn't get a wink of sleep. He slept through his alarm, and was almost an hour late to school. He reflected sadly that it wasn't exactly the best way to get started.
She marched up to the stage where she would receive her degree. She proudly walked across the stage. The dean of the RN program handed Dori her degree.
His dad told him he was too sick to go. Lucas went by himself, and slipped in the river. When Lucas got home, he had a good scolding.
She would credit each child a nickel for every day they flossed. Her son, Rick, thought a nickel wasn't enough and eschewed flossing. Rick regretted this when his siblings got cash and he got gingivitis.
She went to the makeup counter and they put the products on. Jane felt really beautiful! She bought everything they used.
They read each one before the end of the week. They wanted more! Their mom took them to the library to get more things to read.
A water snake started swimming toward them. Cathy screamed in terror. Mike and Cathy paddled as fast as they could to get away.
I'm not sure how I am going to pass the quiz. I just guess the answers on the quiz. Somehow I pass the quiz.
When we get home, he tries to do that. Instead, he grabs my neck to pull him toward him. Long story short, I'm wearing a neck brace.
He was a tall brooding man that never seemed to smile. He had grey skin and reeked of death when he was anywhere near. This old man who was the nightmare of the town, the mortician.
He knew it was harmless and was afraid someone would kill it. He used a large garbage can to scoop the snake up. He then carried it into the nearby woods and safely released it.
He chose battery operated over plug-in. It was so quiet he could talk on the phone while he mowed. Rick enthusiastically welcomed the new technology.
She decided to teach herself and danced everyday. She quickly became very good. That summer she was accepted into a dance production!
Jill had a magazine behind her textbook. Her teacher caught her reading the magazine. The teacher threw away Jill's magazine.
Last spring he got very sick. He went to the veterinarian who gave him some pills for his liver. Zaddy Tracks got better.
I went to sneak a sip from the carton earlier today. But instead, all I tasted was rotten chicken. She had poured expired chicken broth in an old carton.
When he got there he fainted and did not wake up until several hours. When he awoke the doctor told him that he was lucky, he had a tumor. The operation was successful and Mike was able to live until very old.
They sang the seventh-inning stretch. Kyle caught a foul ball. He had the ball autographed after the game.
It felt like she could not eat anything at all! But she gradually found substitutes for most foods. Soon she was effortlessly choosing vegan options!
Then they saw stingrays and sharks. But her child's favorite thing to watch was in the coral reef exhibit. A man wearing a scuba suit was inside cleaning the tank!
She sewed them quickly and hung them up. They looked great! Beth was proud of the work she'd done.
The drama teacher had to build up Helen courage. He practiced with her on how to overcome her shyness. Helen was eventually able to speak her lines in the play out aloud.
She looked in the horror section. She looked for her favorite author. She got the new Stephen King novel.
As it was cooking, the phone rang and she began to talk. Dee lost track of time and started to smell something burning. She ran to the oven, but her dinner was ruined anyway.
It worked great! Soon, Jenny was on time for every appointment. The watch made a huge difference in her life.
But she soon found that it was not very fun at all! Her arms burned from the intense workout. Anna realized kayaking was best left to more muscular people!
When I went inside, the bouncer asked for a 40 dollar cover. I spent the entire night staring at my empty wallet. I went home and decided to never go back again.
Tim practiced often on his own. He quickly became the best on his team. He won several championships.
As soon as they started, Tina covered her ears. It was too loud. So Tina decided to go home.
On the day of the wedding, Donna was nervous. As Donna stood in front of the small group, she felt less nervous. Donna gave the reading, and her sister complimented her afterward.
However when she got there they told her it was filled to capacity. She had to get on the next one. It was disappointing because she was going to be late.
Kelly went to the store where the couple was registered. Kelley bought a set of china dishes for the bride and groom. She had the dishes gift wrapped in ivory wrapping paper.
I went on the internet and completed the survey. I received a code that will give me a free stack of pancakes. I am looking forward to going again to IHOP.
They snuck out during the sermon. However they were caught by Mr Banno. They promised not to do it again.
Anna had never heard of a dog toothbrush! But the pet store supplied her with everything she needed. Soon Anna was brushing her dog's teeth every day!
She kept changing the station. Eventually there was a song Tom liked. They listened to it together.
Her friends all loved to play with it. They pretended they were pirates. Danielle's room was known to be a fun place.
Walton looked over the security footage to identify the woman. He banned the woman from shopping at the store. Walton posted a picture of the woman at every register.
She searched all over the house and could not find it. Still determined she decided to retrace her steps. She then found the ring in the backyard and was overjoyed.
However, William started to get louder. Janet became mad. She threw her notebook at William and knocked him down.
When I finally talked to my boss about it, he accepted it graciously. I was pleased with myself as I headed to the door of his office. Until I heard him whisper under his breath that it was about time.
It would be perfect for the dance! She bought it and took it home. Laura couldn't wait to wear the dress!
Jennifer woke up early one day and noticed cranes out back. Excited, she ran in to get bread. The cranes are out of her hand, and she enjoyed it very much.
They sat in a circle to watch Terra open them. Terra got three identical soccer balls from three friends. Terra and her friends laughed at the coincidence.
Bill decided that he'd better see a doctor about the odd spot. The doctor examined the spot, then removed it. Bill learned later that it was not cancer, but he uses sunscreen now.
Sienna lost ten pounds in the first month. She was inspired to do even better. She continued to diet for five more months.
Today she got into the car and it was almost on empty. She went to a gas station and filled up the tank. She said she had just forgotten to look at the fuel gauge.
On the way to school, Tabitha tried to study as much as possible. When she got to class, the test was postponed until Monday. Tabitha knew she would definitely study for the test over the weekend.
Timmy and his brother began to really scare each other. They couldn't fall asleep. Timmy and his brother went back in the house to go to sleep.
I showed up sick and finished the test. When I turned it in, I accidentally sneezed on the paper. The teacher saw and she didn't accept the paper.
She kept spraying herself with bug spray. She didn't get any bug bites. Hope felt safe from the Zika virus.
He wore it out on a very cold night. Tom was not able to stay warm. He only wore it on warmer nights from there on out.
It was getting late, so they decided to sleep. The next morning, Yogi couldn't believe his eyes. Local critters had eaten all their food.
Leroy's mother wanted him to go out and play. She took away his video games and made him go outside. Leroy found he actually did like playing outside after all.
He tried to make friends by encouraging his teammates. They all swam in a race together. Soon they had all become friends.
He went with Diana to check it out. When they got in, the house was filled with old artifacts. Since they were dusty, Benny didn't bother touching anything.
Kevin looked all around for his pet but couldn't find it. When Kevin finally gave up he started to cry. Peter came jumping through the doggy door and Kevin was happy.
Since Jenny is not a US native, her English is hard to comprehend. As a result, the stranger didn't understand what she's saying. She thought that Jenny was insulting her.
Tom tried to get tickets. Unfortunately they sold out right away. He couldn't afford the more expensive ones left.
I ran back to see what happened. He had fell and hit his head. He died five days later from it.
At a crucial point on her trip, her cell phone lost mobile connection. She missed one turn that made her several hours late for the reunion. After that Anna always had a backup route printed out just in case.
The monkey was staring at them. They held out a banana and the monkey snatched it from them. It was amazing to see them so close up!
However, it died. The bookstore clerk offered $20 for a new charger. Although it was expensive to him, Henry bought it.
She tried practicing in front of a mirror but it didn't help. She then practiced in front of friends and felt much better about it. The day of the speech Jess felt confident and it went great!
He kept missing! He gave up and tried to sleep. The fly landed on him in his bed!
Marvin scraped his forehead on a rock. Marvin's dad took him to the emergency room. Marvin got three stitches above his eye.
Before long, Cheryl had several interviews and two job offers. Cheryl weighed the two job offers carefully. Cheryl chose the one that paid the most and started the next day.
He agrees to buy them all food. He takes them to the local KFC. He buys them all a big bucket of chicken.
It was my job to identify the breed and color of the dog. The corpse stank and was filled with rotting maggots. I definitely think I should be paid more than minimum wage.
She decided on an art deco style vanity. She order it and paid for express shipping. The vanity was delivered broke and she had to return it.
After the graduation my wife and I helped her move back to Boston. She and her fiance and we drove nine hours in a truck back home. We were exhausted.
There were hundreds of colors available. She decided to pick five neon colors. She hoped they would come together to make a beautiful blanket.
She went to the pet store and found a kitten who needed a home. Angie took the kitten home and named it Pumpkin. Pumpkin is becoming Angie's best friend.
On the way home Jack's family realized he was not in the car. They had forgotten Jack at his aunt's house! They turned around to go back and get him.
Stan told some lies and figured it was the end. Stan read later that the user had died. They had attempted to self-medicate themselves using his advice.
It started to rain. All of Linda's make up started to run. She had to clean herself off in a bathroom.
We were both pretty tired. She fell asleep right away and I did soon after. We both slept through the night and didn't have any fun.
Fiona ate three handfuls of berries. Fiona looked in the mirror when she got home. Her lips and teeth and tongue were blue!
Andrea tried to jump over a huge wave. She fell and splashed into the water. Her friends all laughed.
Her face shriveled up after taking one bite. Ben took the plate away. He told Hannah not to eat his rice pudding.
But he waited till the last minute to do it. Sam worked all night on the project. Sam finished it and got a B minus .
He bent to pick up a box and his jeans ripped. Embarrassed, he told his boss the problem. Doug returned to work after going home and changing.
He was the first in his family to do so. Tim went through with all the ceremonies. It made him happy to make his family happy.
They huddled together and got excited. They stepped onto the new surface and felt proud. They had a great new stadium!
They always let her win. One day she played against her older brother instead. He destroyed her at it and turned her against the game.
Chip was charged with deploying the first prototype. He witnessed the destructive power on a Pacific island. Chip decided no one should have that power and destroyed it.
They all went back to a friend's house after. They had set up a surprise party for Jane. Jane was surprised and super happy.
The ball is thrown to him. He reaches out to catch it. He misses it and loses the game.
They walked through the monkey house. Anna's class ate sack lunches in the rainforest. Anna and her classmates rode the bus back to school.
I showed her the book. She looked at and said goodbye in a friendly manner. I had no idea who this person was.
With the sticks, he spelled out a large SOS. When a plane flew overhead, he lit it on fire. A few weeks later he was rescued.
Seth was able to win all of the games. No one like playing him online anymore. People began to kick Seth out of his game for cheating.
They started to sizzle. Ursula left the eggs for several minutes. However, she wasn't aware when they burned to a crisp.
But the real surprise came the next day. Her second helping was even tastier. The flavors had all set in and it was incredibly good!
Tom hadn't made any recent purchases. He realized someone was using his information to buy things online. Tom had the account shut down and was reimbursed.
The skunk's spray smelled so bad Roland rolled down all the windows. He drove straight to the car wash. Roland had to wash his car three times to get the smell to go away!
She is just beginning to show. We texted her our congratulations, as this will be our 2nd grandkid. My wife wanted to put the photo on FB, but was asked not to.
Last time he made a new friend. The new friend was equally enthusiastic. They both started going together.
Braxton pushed off the side of the pool. Braxton's goggles filled up with water underwater! He still won the race, though, even with water in his eyes.
Dave made a loud noise to scare him away. The bear scampered into the woods. Dave brought the trash cans back into the garage.
Tom had bought tickets for me as a surprise. The experience was amazing. I cannot wait to go again.
She decided to sample the store brands. To her surprise, they tasted great! Anna started buying nothing but store brands.
While I was working, I watched them have a 45 minute conversation. When I asked him why he isn't doing his work, he shrugged. I'm probably going to have to end up firing this guy.
They began to yell in a violent tone. Valerie noticed their anger but continued to sing. She was eventually hit with tomatoes.
One time he got caught using his phone and it was taken away. His dad had to come and pick it up. His dad took his cell phone away for a week.
The lens fell out of her glasses! She tried to pop it back in but it kept falling back out. Jasmine was so frustrated she threw her glasses.
We took a bus to Foxwoods and gambled. We ended up swimming in New London, CT. It was a fun vacation.
He held a firecracker in his hand too long. It exploded and badly injured Tom. Tom had to get surgery to get it fixed.
He helped Anna get the dog into his car. They raced to the vet together. Luckily, the vet was able to save Anna's dog.
Her parents prepared breakfast for the house. They also turned around the heater. Everyone took time to enjoy their Christmas morning.
Finally I found the perfect pair. But they cost too much. So I had to wait until they went on sale.
He saw two men standing by the door of the store. Max suddenly heard the alarm go off. Max called the police to tell them what was going on.
One friend wanted to race for all of it. Tim knew he wasn't that fast. He turned down the foot race and kept his candy.
After the marriage dissolved, the couple fought badly. The super threatened to turn his ex into immigration. He calmed down and did not squeal on her.
It shattered, and Anna was horrified. A broken mirror meant 7 years of bad luck! Anna hoped the superstition would prove to be false!
I watched YouTube videos but it didn't help either. I was advised to watch The Talk talk show about Pokemon Go. I did as I was told and now I know how to play POKEMON GO.
Yesterday his daughter dropped him off. Dave said hello and went home. His daughter said he had been getting tired and had seen a doctor.
When Martha's baby was eight months old, he signed back to her! Martha was so excited her baby learned to sign milk. Her baby was so excited because he got extra milk.
But then she heard all her friends were going as vampires too! Anna decided to be more creative. She decided to think of a more original costume!
She kept the puffin in her house to check up on it. She fed it every day for two weeks. When it was healed, she let it go so it could rejoined its flock.
The friend didn't tell Tom it was sour. Tom took it and made a silly face. All his friends laughed.
The property, along with several supplies, were ruined. As a result, the company was in major debt. Tom had to close down the company in order to reevaluate it.
The guy tried to pick a fight with Tim. Tim was able to settle the situation down. He left shortly after.
She introduced herself and commented on my looks. We had a small conversation and exchanged numbers. In addition, she asked me out the next day.
It made Tom really need to pee. He took a break to use the restroom. Tom wound up missing an important scene.
But the warm, soft pizza fell down through the slats on the oven rack! John's shortcut had ruined the whole pizza. John vowed not to do anything so silly in the future!
But she began to develop stomach issues. And she was diagnosed with irritable bowel syndrome. Brenda regret eating so carelessly her whole life.
Tom was able to beat them all. He would brag about it often. Tom's friends thought it was annoying.
They would hide them in different places. One day they noticed Tim was covered in cookie crumbs. They lectured him again to no avail.
He has a PhD in philosophy and specializes in Kant. I recorded an image of Kant while playing Happy Birthday. I sent the video to him and others.
She picked up two overtime shifts each week. Then she took care of her bills. Anna felt very relieved once they were paid.
He didn't bother looking for it. Tom decided to get a cat instead. He was much happier with that decision.
The bottom of the pan touched leg. She screamed and threw the pan up in the air. The chicken landed on the ground.
Her co workers made water balloons. She got into a water balloon fight. She said it more fun than doing nothing.
